DELETE-TARGET-GROUP()                                    DELETE-TARGET-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-target-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified target group.

       You  can  delete a target group if it is not referenced by any actions.
       Deleting a target group also  deletes  any  associated  health  checks.
       Deleting a target group does not affect its registered targets. For ex-
       ample, any EC2 instances continue to run until you  stop  or  terminate
       them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-target-group
          --target-group-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a target group

       The  following delete-target-group example deletes the specified target
       group.

          aws elbv2 delete-target-group \
              --target-group-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-targets/73e2d6bc24d8a067

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-TARGET-GROUP()
