DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()                                  DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       delete-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer,
       or Gateway Load Balancer. Deleting a load  balancer  also  deletes  its
       listeners.

       You  can't delete a load balancer if deletion protection is enabled. If
       the load balancer does not exist or has already been deleted, the  call
       succeeds.

       Deleting  a  load  balancer does not affect its registered targets. For
       example, your EC2 instances continue to run and are still registered to
       their target groups. If you no longer need these EC2 instances, you can
       stop or terminate them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-load-balancer
          --load-balancer-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a load balancer

       The following delete-load-balancer example deletes the  specified  load
       balancer.

          aws elbv2 delete-load-balancer \
              --load-balancer-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:loadbalancer/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()
