DEREGISTER-TARGETS()                                      DEREGISTER-TARGETS()



NAME
       deregister-targets -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters  the specified targets from the specified target group. Af-
       ter the targets are deregistered, they no longer receive  traffic  from
       the load balancer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-targets
          --target-group-arn <value>
          --targets <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

       --targets (list)
          The  targets. If you specified a port override when you registered a
          target, you must specify both the target ID and the  port  when  you
          deregister it.

          (structure)
              Information about a target.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  ID of the target. If the target type of the target group
                 is instance , specify an instance ID. If the target  type  is
                 ip  ,  specify  an IP address. If the target type is lambda ,
                 specify the ARN of the Lambda function. If the target type is
                 alb  ,  specify the ARN of the Application Load Balancer tar-
                 get.

              Port -> (integer)
                 The port on which the target  is  listening.  If  the  target
                 group  protocol is GENEVE, the supported port is 6081. If the
                 target type is alb , the targeted Application  Load  Balancer
                 must have at least one listener whose port matches the target
                 group port. Not used if the target is a Lambda function.

              AvailabilityZone -> (string)
                 An Availability Zone or all .  This  determines  whether  the
                 target  receives  traffic from the load balancer nodes in the
                 specified Availability Zone or from all enabled  Availability
                 Zones for the load balancer.

                 This  parameter  is  not  supported if the target type of the
                 target group is instance or alb .

                 If the target type is ip and the IP address is in a subnet of
                 the  VPC for the target group, the Availability Zone is auto-
                 matically detected and this parameter is optional. If the  IP
                 address is outside the VPC, this parameter is required.

                 With  an  Application Load Balancer, if the target type is ip
                 and the IP address is outside the VPC for the  target  group,
                 the only supported value is all .

                 If the target type is lambda , this parameter is optional and
                 the only supported value is all .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Id=string,Port=integer,AvailabilityZone=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Id": "string",
              "Port": integer,
              "AvailabilityZone": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To deregister a target from a target group

       The following deregister-targets example removes the specified instance
       from the specified target group.

          aws elbv2 deregister-targets \
              --target-group-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-targets/73e2d6bc24d8a067 \
              --targets Id=i-1234567890abcdef0

       Example 2: To deregister a target registered using port overrides

       The  following  deregister-targets  example  removes an instance from a
       target group that was registered using port overrides.

          aws elbv2 deregister-targets \
              --target-group-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-internal-targets/3bb63f11dfb0faf9 \
              --targets Id=i-1234567890abcdef0,Port=80 Id=i-1234567890abcdef0,Port=766

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DEREGISTER-TARGETS()
