DESCRIBE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()              DESCRIBE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       describe-listener-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  default  certificate  and  the certificate list for the
       specified HTTPS or TLS listener.

       If the default certificate is also in the certificate list, it  appears
       twice in the results (once with IsDefault set to true and once with Is-
       Default set to false).

       For more information, see SSL certificates in the Application Load Bal-
       ancers Guide or Server certificates in the Network Load Balancers Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-listener-certificates is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: Certificates

SYNOPSIS
            describe-listener-certificates
          --listener-arn <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --listener-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the listener.

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the certificates for a secure listener

       This  example  describes the certificates for the specified secure lis-
       tener.

       Command:

          aws elbv2 describe-listener-certificates --listener-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:listener/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188/f2f7dc8efc522ab2

       Output:

          {
            "Certificates": [
                {
                    "CertificateArn": "arn:aws:acm:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate/5cc54884-f4a3-4072-80be-05b9ba72f705",
                    "IsDefault": false
                },
                {
                    "CertificateArn": "arn:aws:acm:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate/3dcb0a41-bd72-4774-9ad9-756919c40557",
                    "IsDefault": false
                },
                {
                    "CertificateArn": "arn:aws:acm:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate/fe59da96-6f58-4a22-8eed-6d0d50477e1d",
                    "IsDefault": true
                }
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Certificates -> (list)
          Information about the certificates.

          (structure)
              Information about an SSL server certificate.

              CertificateArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certificate.

              IsDefault -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the certificate is the default certificate.
                 Do not set this value when specifying a certificate as an in-
                 put. This value is not included in the output when describing
                 a listener, but is included when describing listener certifi-
                 cates.

       NextMarker -> (string)
          If there are additional results, this is the marker for the next set
          of results. Otherwise, this is null.



                                              DESCRIBE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()
