REMOVE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()                  REMOVE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       remove-listener-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified  certificate  from the certificate list for the
       specified HTTPS or TLS listener.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-listener-certificates
          --listener-arn <value>
          --certificates <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --listener-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

       --certificates (list)
          The certificate to remove. You can specify one certificate per call.
          Set CertificateArn to the certificate ARN but do not set IsDefault .

          (structure)
              Information about an SSL server certificate.

              CertificateArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certificate.

              IsDefault -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the certificate is the default certificate.
                 Do not set this value when specifying a certificate as an in-
                 put. This value is not included in the output when describing
                 a listener, but is included when describing listener certifi-
                 cates.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          CertificateArn=string,IsDefault=boolean ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "CertificateArn": "string",
              "IsDefault": true|false
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a certificate from a secure listener

       This  example  removes the specified certificate from the specified se-
       cure listener.

       Command:

          aws elbv2 remove-listener-certificates --listener-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:listener/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188/f2f7dc8efc522ab2 --certificates CertificateArn=arn:aws:acm:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate/5cc54884-f4a3-4072-80be-05b9ba72f705

OUTPUT
       None



                                                REMOVE-LISTENER-CERTIFICATES()
