SET-IP-ADDRESS-TYPE()                                    SET-IP-ADDRESS-TYPE()



NAME
       set-ip-address-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the type of IP addresses used by the subnets of the specified Ap-
       plication Load Balancer or Network Load Balancer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-ip-address-type
          --load-balancer-arn <value>
          --ip-address-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.

       --ip-address-type (string)
          The IP address type. The possible values  are  ipv4  (for  IPv4  ad-
          dresses) and dualstack (for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses). You cant spec-
          ify dualstack for a load balancer with a UDP or TCP_UDP listener.

          Possible values:

          o ipv4

          o dualstack

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the address type of a load balancer

       This example sets the address type of the specified  load  balancer  to
       dualstack.  The  load balancer must be an Internet-facing load balancer
       and its subnets must have associated IPv6 CIDR blocks.

       Command:

          aws elbv2 set-ip-address-type --load-balancer-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:loadbalancer/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188 --ip-address-type dualstack

       Output:

          {
              "IpAddressType": "dualstack"
          }

OUTPUT
       IpAddressType -> (string)
          The IP address type.



                                                         SET-IP-ADDRESS-TYPE()
