SET-SECURITY-GROUPS()                                    SET-SECURITY-GROUPS()



NAME
       set-security-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates the specified security groups with the specified Application
       Load Balancer. The specified security groups  override  the  previously
       associated security groups.

       You can't specify a security group for a Network Load Balancer or Gate-
       way Load Balancer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-security-groups
          --load-balancer-arn <value>
          --security-groups <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.

       --security-groups (list)
          The IDs of the security groups.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a security group with a load balancer

       This example associates the specified security group with the specified
       load balancer.

       Command:

          aws elbv2 set-security-groups --load-balancer-arn arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:loadbalancer/app/my-load-balancer/50dc6c495c0c9188 --security-groups sg-5943793c

       Output:

          {
            "SecurityGroupIds": [
                "sg-5943793c"
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       SecurityGroupIds -> (list)
          The IDs of the security groups associated with the load balancer.

          (string)



                                                         SET-SECURITY-GROUPS()
