ASSOCIATE-ENVIRONMENT-OPERATIONS-ROLE()ASSOCIATE-ENVIRONMENT-OPERATIONS-ROLE()



NAME
       associate-environment-operations-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Add  or  change  the operations role used by an environment. After this
       call is made, Elastic Beanstalk uses the associated operations role for
       permissions  to  downstream  services during subsequent calls acting on
       this environment. For more information, see Operations roles in the AWS
       Elastic Beanstalk Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-environment-operations-role
          --environment-name <value>
          --operations-role <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-name (string)
          The name of the environment to which to set the operations role.

       --operations-role (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an existing IAM role to be used as
          the environment's operations role.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       ASSOCIATE-ENVIRONMENT-OPERATIONS-ROLE()
