CREATE-STORAGE-LOCATION()                            CREATE-STORAGE-LOCATION()



NAME
       create-storage-location -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a bucket in Amazon S3 to store application versions, logs, and
       other  files  used  by  Elastic  Beanstalk  environments.  The  Elastic
       Beanstalk console and EB CLI call this API the first time you create an
       environment in a region. If the storage location already  exists,  Cre-
       ateStorageLocation  still returns the bucket name but does not create a
       new bucket.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-storage-location
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a storage location

       The following command creates a storage location in Amazon S3:

          aws elasticbeanstalk create-storage-location

       Output:

          {
              "S3Bucket": "elasticbeanstalk-us-west-2-0123456789012"
          }

OUTPUT
       S3Bucket -> (string)
          The name of the Amazon S3 bucket created.



                                                     CREATE-STORAGE-LOCATION()
