DELETE-APPLICATION()                                      DELETE-APPLICATION()



NAME
       delete-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  application along with all associated versions
       and configurations. The application versions will not be  deleted  from
       your Amazon S3 bucket.

       NOTE:
          You cannot delete an application that has a running environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-application
          --application-name <value>
          [--terminate-env-by-force | --no-terminate-env-by-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application to delete.

       --terminate-env-by-force | --no-terminate-env-by-force (boolean)
          When  set  to  true,  running environments will be terminated before
          deleting the application.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an application

       The following command deletes an application named my-app:

          aws elasticbeanstalk delete-application --application-name my-app

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-APPLICATION()
