DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-CONFIGURATION()          DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-environment-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  draft  configuration associated with the running environ-
       ment.

       Updating a running environment with any configuration changes creates a
       draft configuration set. You can get the draft configuration using  De-
       scribeConfigurationSettings while the update is in progress or  if  the
       update  fails.  The  DeploymentStatus for the draft configuration indi-
       cates whether the deployment is in process or  has  failed.  The  draft
       configuration  remains  in  existence until it is deleted with this ac-
       tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-environment-configuration
          --application-name <value>
          --environment-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application the environment is associated with.

       --environment-name (string)
          The name of the environment to delete the draft configuration from.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a draft configuration

       The following command deletes a draft configuration for an  environment
       named my-env:

          aws elasticbeanstalk delete-environment-configuration --environment-name my-env --application-name my-app

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-CONFIGURATION()
