DELETE-APPLICATION-VERSION()                      DELETE-APPLICATION-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-application-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified version from the specified application.

       NOTE:
          You  cannot  delete an application version that is associated with a
          running environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-application-version
          --application-name <value>
          --version-label <value>
          [--delete-source-bundle | --no-delete-source-bundle]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application to which the version belongs.

       --version-label (string)
          The label of the version to delete.

       --delete-source-bundle | --no-delete-source-bundle (boolean)
          Set to true to delete the source bundle from  your  storage  bucket.
          Otherwise,  the  application  version  is  deleted only from Elastic
          Beanstalk and the source bundle remains in Amazon S3.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an application version

       The  following   command   deletes   an   application   version   named
       22a0-stage-150819_182129 for an application named my-app:

          aws elasticbeanstalk delete-application-version --version-label 22a0-stage-150819_182129 --application-name my-app

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-APPLICATION-VERSION()
