DELETE-CONFIGURATION-TEMPLATE()                DELETE-CONFIGURATION-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-configuration-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified configuration template.

       NOTE:
          When  you  launch an environment using a configuration template, the
          environment gets a copy of the template. You can  delete  or  modify
          the environment's copy of the template without affecting the running
          environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-configuration-template
          --application-name <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application to  delete  the  configuration  template
          from.

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the configuration template to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a configuration template

       The  following  command  deletes a configuration template named my-tem-
       plate for an application named my-app:

          aws elasticbeanstalk delete-configuration-template --template-name my-template --application-name my-app

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-CONFIGURATION-TEMPLATE()
