LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Return  the  tags applied to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk resource. The re-
       sponse contains a list of tag key-value pairs.

       Elastic Beanstalk supports tagging of all of its resources. For details
       about resource tagging, see Tagging Application Resources .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resouce for which a tag list
          is requested.

          Must be the ARN of an Elastic Beanstalk resource.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource for which a tag  list
          was requested.

       ResourceTags -> (list)
          A list of tag key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag applied to a resource in an environment.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
