REBUILD-ENVIRONMENT()                                    REBUILD-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       rebuild-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  and  recreates all of the AWS resources (for example: the Auto
       Scaling group, load balancer, etc.) for  a  specified  environment  and
       forces a restart.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            rebuild-environment
          [--environment-id <value>]
          [--environment-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to rebuild.

          Condition:  You  must  specify either this or an EnvironmentName, or
          both. If you do not specify either, AWS  Elastic  Beanstalk  returns
          MissingRequiredParameter error.

       --environment-name (string)
          The name of the environment to rebuild.

          Condition:  You  must  specify  either  this or an EnvironmentId, or
          both. If you do not specify either, AWS  Elastic  Beanstalk  returns
          MissingRequiredParameter error.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To rebuild an environment

       The  following command terminates and recreates the resources in an en-
       vironment named my-env:

          aws elasticbeanstalk rebuild-environment --environment-name my-env

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         REBUILD-ENVIRONMENT()
