RESTART-APP-SERVER()                                      RESTART-APP-SERVER()



NAME
       restart-app-server -

DESCRIPTION
       Causes the environment to restart the application container server run-
       ning on each Amazon EC2 instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            restart-app-server
          [--environment-id <value>]
          [--environment-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to restart the server for.

          Condition: You must specify either this or  an  EnvironmentName,  or
          both.  If  you  do not specify either, AWS Elastic Beanstalk returns
          MissingRequiredParameter error.

       --environment-name (string)
          The name of the environment to restart the server for.

          Condition: You must specify either  this  or  an  EnvironmentId,  or
          both.  If  you  do not specify either, AWS Elastic Beanstalk returns
          MissingRequiredParameter error.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To restart application servers

       The following command restarts application servers on all instances  in
       an environment named my-env:

          aws elasticbeanstalk restart-app-server --environment-name my-env

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          RESTART-APP-SERVER()
