GET-RESOURCES()                                                GET-RESOURCES()



NAME
       get-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  all the tagged or previously tagged resources that are located
       in the specified Amazon Web Services Region for the account.

       Depending on what information you want returned, you can  also  specify
       the following:

       o Filters  that specify what tags and resource types you want returned.
         The response includes all tags that are associated with the requested
         resources.

       o Information about compliance with the account's effective tag policy.
         For more information on tag policies, see Tag Policies in the Organi-
         zations User Guide.

       This  operation  supports pagination, where the response can be sent in
       multiple pages. You should check the PaginationToken response parameter
       to  determine  if there are additional results available to return. Re-
       peat the query, passing the PaginationToken response parameter value as
       an  input  to  the  next request until you recieve a null value. A null
       value for PaginationToken indicates that  there  are  no  more  results
       waiting to be returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-resources  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: ResourceTagMappingList

SYNOPSIS
            get-resources
          [--tag-filters <value>]
          [--tags-per-page <value>]
          [--resource-type-filters <value>]
          [--include-compliance-details | --no-include-compliance-details]
          [--exclude-compliant-resources | --no-exclude-compliant-resources]
          [--resource-arn-list <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tag-filters (list)
          Specifies a list of TagFilters (keys and  values)  to  restrict  the
          output  to  only  those  resources that have tags with the specified
          keys and, if included, the specified  values.  Each  TagFilter  must
          contain  a  key with values optional. A request can include up to 50
          keys, and each key can include up to 20 values.

          Note the following when deciding how to use TagFilters:

          o If you don't specify a TagFilter , the response includes  all  re-
            sources  that  are  currently  tagged or ever had a tag. Resources
            that currently don't have tags are shown with an  empty  tag  set,
            like this: "Tags": [] .

          o If  you  specify more than one filter in a single request, the re-
            sponse returns only those resources that satisfy all filters.

          o If you specify a filter that contains more than one  value  for  a
            key,  the  response returns resources that match any of the speci-
            fied values for that key.

          o If you don't specify a value for a key, the response  returns  all
            resources that are tagged with that key, with any or no value. For
            example, for the following  filters:  filter1=  {keyA,{value1}}  ,
            filter2={keyB,{value2,value3,value4}} , filter3= {keyC} :

            o GetResources({filter1})    returns    resources    tagged   with
              key1=value1

            o GetResources({filter2})   returns    resources    tagged    with
              key2=value2 or key2=value3 or key2=value4

            o GetResources({filter3})  returns  resources  tagged with any tag
              with the key key3 , and with any or no value

            o GetResources({filter1,filter2,filter3}) returns resources tagged
              with   (key1=value1)   and   (key2=value2   or   key2=value3  or
              key2=value4) and (key3, any or no value)

          (structure)
              A list of tags (keys and values) that are used  to  specify  the
              associated resources.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Values -> (list)
                 One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A value acts
                 as a descriptor within a tag category (key). The value can be
                 empty or null.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --tags-per-page (integer)
          Amazon  Web  Services  recommends  using ResourcesPerPage instead of
          this parameter.

          A limit that restricts the number of tags (key and value pairs)  re-
          turned  by GetResources in paginated output. A resource with no tags
          is counted as having one tag (one key and value pair).
              GetResources does not split a resource and its  associated  tags
              across  pages.  If  the specified TagsPerPage would cause such a
              break, a PaginationToken is returned in place  of  the  affected
              resource  and its tags. Use that token in another request to get
              the remaining data. For example, if you specify a TagsPerPage of
              100  and the account has 22 resources with 10 tags each (meaning
              that each resource has 10 key and value pairs), the output  will
              consist of three pages. The first page displays the first 10 re-
              sources, each with its 10 tags. The  second  page  displays  the
              next  10  resources,  each with its 10 tags. The third page dis-
              plays the remaining 2 resources, each with its 10 tags.

          You can set TagsPerPage to a minimum of 100 items up to a maximum of
          500 items.

       --resource-type-filters (list)
          Specifies the resource types that you want included in the response.
          The format of each resource type is service[:resourceType] . For ex-
          ample,  specifying a resource type of ec2 returns all Amazon EC2 re-
          sources (which includes EC2 instances). Specifying a  resource  type
          of ec2:instance returns only EC2 instances.

          The  string  for  each service name and resource type is the same as
          that embedded in a resource's Amazon Resource Name  (ARN).  For  the
          list  of services whose resources you can use in this parameter, see
          Services that support the Resource Groups Tagging API .

          You can specify multiple resource types by using an array. The array
          can  include  up  to  100 items. Note that the length constraint re-
          quirement applies to each resource type  filter.  For  example,  the
          following  string  would  limit  the response to only Amazon EC2 in-
          stances, Amazon S3 buckets, or any Audit Manager resource:
              ec2:instance,s3:bucket,auditmanager

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --include-compliance-details |  --no-include-compliance-details  (bool-
       ean)
          Specifies  whether  to include details regarding the compliance with
          the effective tag policy. Set this to true to determine whether  re-
          sources are compliant with the tag policy and to get details.

       --exclude-compliant-resources | --no-exclude-compliant-resources (bool-
       ean)
          Specifies whether to exclude resources that are compliant  with  the
          tag policy. Set this to true if you are interested in retrieving in-
          formation on noncompliant resources only.

          You can use this parameter only if the IncludeComplianceDetails  pa-
          rameter is also set to true .

       --resource-arn-list (list)
          Specifies a list of ARNs of resources for which you want to retrieve
          tag data. You can't specify both this parameter and any of the pagi-
          nation  parameters (ResourcesPerPage , TagsPerPage , PaginationToken
          ) in the same request. If you specify both, you get an  Invalid  Pa-
          rameter exception.

          If  a resource specified by this parameter doesn't exist, it doesn't
          generate an error; it simply isn't included in the response.

          An ARN (Amazon Resource Name) uniquely identifies  a  resource.  For
          more  information,  see  Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and Amazon Web
          Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web Services General  Ref-
          erence .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a list of tagged resources

       The following get-resources example displays a list of resources in the
       account that are tagged with the specified key name and value.

          aws resourcegroupstaggingapi get-resources \
              --tag-filters Key=Environment,Values=Production \
              --tags-per-page 100

       Output:

          {
              "ResourceTagMappingList": [
                  {
                      "ResourceARN": " arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:target/0-nvgVhaxX/template/0-7sbz2Kz0",
                      "Tags": [
                          {
                              "Key": "Environment",
                              "Value": "Production"
                          }
                      ]
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see GetResources in the Resource Groups Tagging
       API Reference.

OUTPUT
       PaginationToken -> (string)
          A string that indicates that there is more data available than  this
          response contains. To receive the next part of the response, specify
          this response value as the PaginationToken value in the request  for
          the next page.

       ResourceTagMappingList -> (list)
          A  list  of  resource ARNs and the tags (keys and values) associated
          with each.

          (structure)
              A list of resource ARNs and the tags (keys and values) that  are
              associated with each.

              ResourceARN -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The  tags  that  have  been applied to one or more Amazon Web
                 Services resources.

                 (structure)
                     The metadata that you apply to Amazon  Web  Services  re-
                     sources  to  help  you categorize and organize them. Each
                     tag consists of a key and a value, both of which you  de-
                     fine.  For  more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Ser-
                     vices Resources in the Amazon Web Services General Refer-
                     ence .

                     Key -> (string)
                        One  part  of  a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                        key is a general label that acts like a  category  for
                        more specific tag values.

                     Value -> (string)
                        One  part  of  a  key-value pair that make up a tag. A
                        value acts as  a  descriptor  within  a  tag  category
                        (key). The value can be empty or null.

              ComplianceDetails -> (structure)
                 Information  that  shows whether a resource is compliant with
                 the effective tag policy, including details on any noncompli-
                 ant tag keys.

                 NoncompliantKeys -> (list)
                     These  tag keys on the resource are noncompliant with the
                     effective tag policy.

                     (string)

                 KeysWithNoncompliantValues -> (list)
                     These are keys defined in the effective policy  that  are
                     on  the  resource with either incorrect case treatment or
                     noncompliant values.

                     (string)

                 ComplianceStatus -> (boolean)
                     Whether a resource is compliant with  the  effective  tag
                     policy.



                                                               GET-RESOURCES()
