GET-COMPLIANCE-SUMMARY()                              GET-COMPLIANCE-SUMMARY()



NAME
       get-compliance-summary -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  table  that shows counts of resources that are noncompliant
       with their tag policies.

       For more information on tag policies, see Tag Policies in the Organiza-
       tions User Guide.

       You can call this operation only from the organization's management ac-
       count and from the us-east-1 Region.

       This operation supports pagination, where the response can be  sent  in
       multiple pages. You should check the PaginationToken response parameter
       to determine if there are additional results available to  return.  Re-
       peat the query, passing the PaginationToken response parameter value as
       an input to the next request until you recieve a  null  value.  A  null
       value  for  PaginationToken  indicates  that  there are no more results
       waiting to be returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-compliance-summary is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: SummaryList

SYNOPSIS
            get-compliance-summary
          [--target-id-filters <value>]
          [--region-filters <value>]
          [--resource-type-filters <value>]
          [--tag-key-filters <value>]
          [--group-by <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-id-filters (list)
          Specifies  target  identifiers  (usually,  specific  account IDs) to
          limit the output by. If you use this parameter,  the  count  of  re-
          turned noncompliant resources includes only resources with the spec-
          ified target IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --region-filters (list)
          Specifies a list of Amazon Web Services Regions to limit the  output
          to.  If  you  use this parameter, the count of returned noncompliant
          resources includes only resources in the specified Regions.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --resource-type-filters (list)
          Specifies that you want the response to include information for only
          resources  of  the specified types. The format of each resource type
          is service[:resourceType] . For example, specifying a resource  type
          of  ec2  returns  all  Amazon  EC2 resources (which includes EC2 in-
          stances). Specifying a resource type of  ec2:instance  returns  only
          EC2 instances.

          The  string  for  each service name and resource type is the same as
          that embedded in a resource's Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN).  Consult
          the * Amazon Web Services General Reference * for the following:

          o For  a  list of service name strings, see Amazon Web Services Ser-
            vice Namespaces .

          o For resource type strings, see Example ARNs .

          o For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names  (ARNs)
            and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces .

          You  can  specify multiple resource types by using a comma separated
          array. The array can include up to 100 items. Note that  the  length
          constraint requirement applies to each resource type filter.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-key-filters (list)
          Specifies that you want the response to include information for only
          resources that have tags with the specified tag  keys.  If  you  use
          this  parameter,  the  count  of returned noncompliant resources in-
          cludes only resources that have the specified tag keys.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --group-by (list)
          Specifies a list of attributes to group the counts  of  noncompliant
          resources  by.  If  supplied,  the  counts  are  sorted by those at-
          tributes.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            TARGET_ID
            REGION
            RESOURCE_TYPE

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SummaryList -> (list)
          A table that shows counts of noncompliant resources.

          (structure)
              A count of noncompliant resources.

              LastUpdated -> (string)
                 The timestamp that shows when this summary was  generated  in
                 this Region.

              TargetId -> (string)
                 The  account identifier or the root identifier of the organi-
                 zation. If you don't know the root ID, you can call the Orga-
                 nizations ListRoots API.

              TargetIdType -> (string)
                 Whether  the target is an account, an OU, or the organization
                 root.

              Region -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region that the summary applies to.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services resource type.

              NonCompliantResources -> (long)
                 The count of noncompliant resources.

       PaginationToken -> (string)
          A string that indicates that there is more data available than  this
          response contains. To receive the next part of the response, specify
          this response value as the PaginationToken value in the request  for
          the next page.



                                                      GET-COMPLIANCE-SUMMARY()
