GET-TAG-VALUES()                                              GET-TAG-VALUES()



NAME
       get-tag-values -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns all tag values for the specified key that are used in the spec-
       ified Amazon Web Services Region for the calling account.

       This operation supports pagination, where the response can be  sent  in
       multiple pages. You should check the PaginationToken response parameter
       to determine if there are additional results available to  return.  Re-
       peat the query, passing the PaginationToken response parameter value as
       an input to the next request until you recieve a  null  value.  A  null
       value  for  PaginationToken  indicates  that  there are no more results
       waiting to be returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-tag-values is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: TagValues

SYNOPSIS
            get-tag-values
          --key <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key (string)
          Specifies the tag key for which you want to list all existing values
          that are currently used in the specified Amazon Web Services  Region
          for the calling account.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a list of all tag values

       The  following  get-tag-values  example displays all of the values used
       for the specified key for all resources in the

          aws resourcegroupstaggingapi get-tag-values \
              --key=Environment

       Output:

          {
              "TagValues": [
                  "Alpha",
                  "Gamma",
                  "Production"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see GetTagValues in the Resource  Groups  Tagging
       API Reference.

OUTPUT
       PaginationToken -> (string)
          A  string that indicates that there is more data available than this
          response contains. To receive the next part of the response, specify
          this  response value as the PaginationToken value in the request for
          the next page.

       TagValues -> (list)
          A list of all tag values for the specified key currently used in the
          specified Amazon Web Services Region for the calling account.

          (string)



                                                              GET-TAG-VALUES()
