START-REPORT-CREATION()                                START-REPORT-CREATION()



NAME
       start-report-creation -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  a  report  that  lists  all tagged resources in the accounts
       across your organization and tells whether each resource  is  compliant
       with  the effective tag policy. Compliance data is refreshed daily. The
       report is generated asynchronously.

       The generated report is saved to the following location:
          s3://example-bucket/AwsTagPolicies/o-example-
          orgid/YYYY-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ/report.csv

       You can call this operation only from the organization's management ac-
       count and from the us-east-1 Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-report-creation
          --s3-bucket <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --s3-bucket (string)
          The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the report  will  be  stored;
          for example:
              awsexamplebucket

          For more information on S3 bucket requirements, including an example
          bucket policy, see the example S3 bucket policy on this page.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       START-REPORT-CREATION()
