ADD-TAGS()                                                          ADD-TAGS()



NAME
       add-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or overwrites one or more tags for the specified Amazon SageMaker
       resource. You can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs, hyper-
       parameter  tuning  jobs,  batch  transform jobs, models, labeling jobs,
       work teams, endpoint configurations, and endpoints.

       Each tag consists of a key and an optional  value.  Tag  keys  must  be
       unique  per resource. For more information about tags, see For more in-
       formation, see Amazon Web Services Tagging Strategies .

       NOTE:
          Tags that you add to a hyperparameter tuning job by calling this API
          are  also  added to any training jobs that the hyperparameter tuning
          job launches after you call this API, but not to training jobs  that
          the  hyperparameter  tuning job launched before you called this API.
          To make sure that the tags associated with a  hyperparameter  tuning
          job are also added to all training jobs that the hyperparameter tun-
          ing job launches, add the tags when you first create the tuning  job
          by  specifying  them in the Tags parameter of  CreateHyperParameter-
          TuningJob

       NOTE:
          Tags that you add to a SageMaker Studio Domain or  User  Profile  by
          calling  this API are also added to any Apps that the Domain or User
          Profile launches after you call this API, but not to Apps  that  the
          Domain  or User Profile launched before you called this API. To make
          sure that the tags associated with a Domain or User Profile are also
          added  to all Apps that the Domain or User Profile launches, add the
          tags when you first create the Domain or User Profile by  specifying
          them in the Tags parameter of  CreateDomain or  CreateUserProfile .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you want to tag.

       --tags (list)
          An  array  of  key-value  pairs. You can use tags to categorize your
          Amazon Web Services resources in different  ways,  for  example,  by
          purpose,  owner,  or  environment. For more information, see Tagging
          Amazon Web Services Resources .

          (structure)
              A tag object that consists of a key and an optional value,  used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You  can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs, hyperpa-
              rameter tuning jobs,  batch  transform  jobs,  models,  labeling
              jobs,  work  teams,  endpoint configurations, and endpoints. For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For  more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices resources with tagging, see Tagging  Amazon  Web  Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags associated with the Amazon SageMaker resource.

          (structure)
              A  tag object that consists of a key and an optional value, used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs,  hyperpa-
              rameter  tuning  jobs,  batch  transform  jobs, models, labeling
              jobs, work teams, endpoint configurations,  and  endpoints.  For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web  Ser-
              vices  resources  with  tagging, see Tagging Amazon Web Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.



                                                                    ADD-TAGS()
