CREATE-PRESIGNED-DOMAIN-URL()                    CREATE-PRESIGNED-DOMAIN-URL()



NAME
       create-presigned-domain-url -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a URL for a specified UserProfile in a Domain. When accessed in
       a web browser, the user will be automatically signed in to Amazon Sage-
       Maker  Studio,  and granted access to all of the Apps and files associ-
       ated with the Domain's Amazon Elastic File System  (EFS)  volume.  This
       operation can only be called when the authentication mode equals IAM.

       The  IAM  role or user used to call this API defines the permissions to
       access the app. Once the presigned URL is created, no  additional  per-
       mission  is required to access this URL. IAM authorization policies for
       this API are also enforced for every HTTP request and  WebSocket  frame
       that attempts to connect to the app.

       You can restrict access to this API and to the URL that it returns to a
       list of IP addresses, Amazon VPCs or  Amazon  VPC  Endpoints  that  you
       specify.  For more information, see Connect to SageMaker Studio Through
       an Interface VPC Endpoint .

       NOTE:
          The URL that you get from a call to CreatePresignedDomainUrl  has  a
          default timeout of 5 minutes. You can configure this value using Ex-
          piresInSeconds . If you try to use the URL after the  timeout  limit
          expires, you are directed to the Amazon Web Services console sign-in
          page.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-presigned-domain-url
          --domain-id <value>
          --user-profile-name <value>
          [--session-expiration-duration-in-seconds <value>]
          [--expires-in-seconds <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-id (string)
          The domain ID.

       --user-profile-name (string)
          The name of the UserProfile to sign-in as.

       --session-expiration-duration-in-seconds (integer)
          The session expiration duration in seconds. This value  defaults  to
          43200.

       --expires-in-seconds (integer)
          The  number  of seconds until the pre-signed URL expires. This value
          defaults to 300.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthorizedUrl -> (string)
          The presigned URL.



                                                 CREATE-PRESIGNED-DOMAIN-URL()
