CREATE-PRESIGNED-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE-URLCREATE-PRESIGNED-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE-URL()



NAME
       create-presigned-notebook-instance-url -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a URL that you can use to connect to the Jupyter server from a
       notebook instance. In the SageMaker console, when you choose Open  next
       to  a  notebook instance, SageMaker opens a new tab showing the Jupyter
       server home page from the notebook instance. The console uses this  API
       to get the URL and show the page.

       The  IAM  role or user used to call this API defines the permissions to
       access the notebook instance. Once the presigned URL is created, no ad-
       ditional  permission  is required to access this URL. IAM authorization
       policies for this API are also enforced for every HTTP request and Web-
       Socket frame that attempts to connect to the notebook instance.

       You can restrict access to this API and to the URL that it returns to a
       list of IP addresses that you specify. Use the  NotIpAddress  condition
       operator and the aws:SourceIP condition context key to specify the list
       of IP addresses that you want to have access to the notebook  instance.
       For more information, see Limit Access to a Notebook Instance by IP Ad-
       dress .

       NOTE:
          The URL that you get  from  a  call  to   CreatePresignedNotebookIn-
          stanceUrl is valid only for 5 minutes. If you try to use the URL af-
          ter the 5-minute limit expires, you are directed to the  Amazon  Web
          Services console sign-in page.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-presigned-notebook-instance-url
          --notebook-instance-name <value>
          [--session-expiration-duration-in-seconds <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --notebook-instance-name (string)
          The name of the notebook instance.

       --session-expiration-duration-in-seconds (integer)
          The duration of the session, in seconds. The default is 12 hours.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthorizedUrl -> (string)
          A JSON object that contains the URL string.



                                      CREATE-PRESIGNED-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE-URL()
