CREATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()                          CREATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()



NAME
       create-notebook-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an Amazon SageMaker notebook instance. A notebook instance is a
       machine learning (ML) compute instance running on a Jupyter notebook.

       In a CreateNotebookInstance request, specify the type of ML compute in-
       stance  that  you  want to run. Amazon SageMaker launches the instance,
       installs common libraries that you can  use  to  explore  datasets  for
       model  training,  and attaches an ML storage volume to the notebook in-
       stance.

       Amazon SageMaker also provides a set of example notebooks.  Each  note-
       book demonstrates how to use Amazon SageMaker with a specific algorithm
       or with a machine learning framework.

       After receiving the request, Amazon SageMaker does the following:

       o Creates a network interface in the Amazon SageMaker VPC.

       o (Option) If you specified SubnetId , Amazon SageMaker creates a  net-
         work  interface in your own VPC, which is inferred from the subnet ID
         that you provide in the input. When creating this network  interface,
         Amazon  SageMaker  attaches  the security group that you specified in
         the request to the network interface that it creates in your VPC.

       o Launches an EC2 instance of the type specified in the request in  the
         Amazon  SageMaker  VPC. If you specified SubnetId of your VPC, Amazon
         SageMaker specifies both network interfaces when launching  this  in-
         stance.  This  enables inbound traffic from your own VPC to the note-
         book instance, assuming that the security groups allow it.

       After creating the notebook instance, Amazon SageMaker returns its Ama-
       zon  Resource  Name  (ARN). You can't change the name of a notebook in-
       stance after you create it.

       After Amazon SageMaker creates the notebook instance, you  can  connect
       to  the  Jupyter server and work in Jupyter notebooks. For example, you
       can write code to explore a dataset that you can use for  model  train-
       ing, train a model, host models by creating Amazon SageMaker endpoints,
       and validate hosted models.

       For more information, see How It Works .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-notebook-instance
          --notebook-instance-name <value>
          --instance-type <value>
          [--subnet-id <value>]
          [--security-group-ids <value>]
          --role-arn <value>
          [--kms-key-id <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--lifecycle-config-name <value>]
          [--direct-internet-access <value>]
          [--volume-size-in-gb <value>]
          [--accelerator-types <value>]
          [--default-code-repository <value>]
          [--additional-code-repositories <value>]
          [--root-access <value>]
          [--platform-identifier <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --notebook-instance-name (string)
          The name of the new notebook instance.

       --instance-type (string)
          The type of ML compute instance to launch for the notebook instance.

          Possible values:

          o ml.t2.medium

          o ml.t2.large

          o ml.t2.xlarge

          o ml.t2.2xlarge

          o ml.t3.medium

          o ml.t3.large

          o ml.t3.xlarge

          o ml.t3.2xlarge

          o ml.m4.xlarge

          o ml.m4.2xlarge

          o ml.m4.4xlarge

          o ml.m4.10xlarge

          o ml.m4.16xlarge

          o ml.m5.xlarge

          o ml.m5.2xlarge

          o ml.m5.4xlarge

          o ml.m5.12xlarge

          o ml.m5.24xlarge

          o ml.m5d.large

          o ml.m5d.xlarge

          o ml.m5d.2xlarge

          o ml.m5d.4xlarge

          o ml.m5d.8xlarge

          o ml.m5d.12xlarge

          o ml.m5d.16xlarge

          o ml.m5d.24xlarge

          o ml.c4.xlarge

          o ml.c4.2xlarge

          o ml.c4.4xlarge

          o ml.c4.8xlarge

          o ml.c5.xlarge

          o ml.c5.2xlarge

          o ml.c5.4xlarge

          o ml.c5.9xlarge

          o ml.c5.18xlarge

          o ml.c5d.xlarge

          o ml.c5d.2xlarge

          o ml.c5d.4xlarge

          o ml.c5d.9xlarge

          o ml.c5d.18xlarge

          o ml.p2.xlarge

          o ml.p2.8xlarge

          o ml.p2.16xlarge

          o ml.p3.2xlarge

          o ml.p3.8xlarge

          o ml.p3.16xlarge

          o ml.p3dn.24xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.2xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.4xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.8xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.12xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.16xlarge

          o ml.r5.large

          o ml.r5.xlarge

          o ml.r5.2xlarge

          o ml.r5.4xlarge

          o ml.r5.8xlarge

          o ml.r5.12xlarge

          o ml.r5.16xlarge

          o ml.r5.24xlarge

          o ml.g5.xlarge

          o ml.g5.2xlarge

          o ml.g5.4xlarge

          o ml.g5.8xlarge

          o ml.g5.16xlarge

          o ml.g5.12xlarge

          o ml.g5.24xlarge

          o ml.g5.48xlarge

       --subnet-id (string)
          The ID of the subnet in a VPC to which you would like to have a con-
          nectivity from your ML compute instance.

       --security-group-ids (list)
          The  VPC  security  group IDs, in the form sg-xxxxxxxx. The security
          groups must be for the same VPC as specified in the subnet.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --role-arn (string)
          When you send any requests to Amazon Web Services resources from the
          notebook  instance,  Amazon  SageMaker  assumes this role to perform
          tasks on your behalf. You must grant this role necessary permissions
          so  Amazon  SageMaker can perform these tasks. The policy must allow
          the Amazon  SageMaker  service  principal  (sagemaker.amazonaws.com)
          permissions  to  assume  this role. For more information, see Amazon
          SageMaker Roles .

          NOTE:
              To be able to pass this role to Amazon SageMaker, the caller  of
              this API must have the iam:PassRole permission.

       --kms-key-id (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a Amazon Web Services Key Manage-
          ment Service key that Amazon SageMaker uses to encrypt data  on  the
          storage  volume  attached to your notebook instance. The KMS key you
          provide must be enabled. For information, see Enabling and Disabling
          Keys  in  the  Amazon  Web Services Key Management Service Developer
          Guide .

       --tags (list)
          An array of key-value pairs. You can use  tags  to  categorize  your
          Amazon  Web  Services  resources  in different ways, for example, by
          purpose, owner, or environment. For more  information,  see  Tagging
          Amazon Web Services Resources .

          (structure)
              A  tag object that consists of a key and an optional value, used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs,  hyperpa-
              rameter  tuning  jobs,  batch  transform  jobs, models, labeling
              jobs, work teams, endpoint configurations,  and  endpoints.  For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web  Ser-
              vices  resources  with  tagging, see Tagging Amazon Web Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --lifecycle-config-name (string)
          The name of a lifecycle configuration to associate with the notebook
          instance. For information about lifestyle configurations,  see  Step
          2.1: (Optional) Customize a Notebook Instance .

       --direct-internet-access (string)
          Sets  whether Amazon SageMaker provides internet access to the note-
          book instance. If you set this to Disabled this notebook instance is
          able  to  access  resources  only in your VPC, and is not be able to
          connect to Amazon SageMaker training and  endpoint  services  unless
          you configure a NAT Gateway in your VPC.

          For more information, see Notebook Instances Are Internet-Enabled by
          Default . You can set the value of this parameter to  Disabled  only
          if you set a value for the SubnetId parameter.

          Possible values:

          o Enabled

          o Disabled

       --volume-size-in-gb (integer)
          The  size, in GB, of the ML storage volume to attach to the notebook
          instance. The default value is 5 GB.

       --accelerator-types (list)
          A list of Elastic Inference (EI) instance types  to  associate  with
          this notebook instance. Currently, only one instance type can be as-
          sociated with a notebook instance. For more information,  see  Using
          Elastic Inference in Amazon SageMaker .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            ml.eia1.medium
            ml.eia1.large
            ml.eia1.xlarge
            ml.eia2.medium
            ml.eia2.large
            ml.eia2.xlarge

       --default-code-repository (string)
          A  Git repository to associate with the notebook instance as its de-
          fault code repository. This can be either the name of a Git  reposi-
          tory  stored  as  a  resource  in  your account, or the URL of a Git
          repository in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit or  in  any  other  Git
          repository.  When  you open a notebook instance, it opens in the di-
          rectory that contains this repository.  For  more  information,  see
          Associating  Git  Repositories  with  Amazon  SageMaker Notebook In-
          stances .

       --additional-code-repositories (list)
          An array of up to three Git repositories to associate with the note-
          book  instance.  These  can  be either the names of Git repositories
          stored as resources in your account, or the URL of Git  repositories
          in  Amazon  Web  Services CodeCommit or in any other Git repository.
          These repositories are cloned at  the  same  level  as  the  default
          repository  of  your  notebook  instance.  For more information, see
          Associating Git Repositories  with  Amazon  SageMaker  Notebook  In-
          stances .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --root-access (string)
          Whether root access is enabled or disabled for users of the notebook
          instance. The default value is Enabled .

          NOTE:
              Lifecycle configurations need root access to be able to set up a
              notebook instance. Because of this, lifecycle configurations as-
              sociated with a notebook instance always run  with  root  access
              even if you disable root access for users.

          Possible values:

          o Enabled

          o Disabled

       --platform-identifier (string)
          The  platform  identifier  of the notebook instance runtime environ-
          ment.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NotebookInstanceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the notebook instance.



                                                    CREATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()
