CREATE-CODE-REPOSITORY()                              CREATE-CODE-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       create-code-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  Git  repository  as a resource in your Amazon SageMaker ac-
       count. You can associate the repository with notebook instances so that
       you  can  use  Git source control for the notebooks you create. The Git
       repository is a resource in your Amazon SageMaker account, so it can be
       associated  with more than one notebook instance, and it persists inde-
       pendently from the lifecycle of any notebook instances it is associated
       with.

       The  repository  can be hosted either in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit
       or in any other Git repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-code-repository
          --code-repository-name <value>
          --git-config <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --code-repository-name (string)
          The name of the Git repository. The name must have 1 to  63  charac-
          ters. Valid characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       --git-config (structure)
          Specifies  details about the repository, including the URL where the
          repository is located, the default branch, and credentials to use to
          access the repository.

          RepositoryUrl -> (string)
              The URL where the Git repository is located.

          Branch -> (string)
              The default branch for the Git repository.

          SecretArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the Amazon Web Services Se-
              crets Manager secret that contains the credentials used  to  ac-
              cess the git repository. The secret must have a staging label of
              AWSCURRENT and must be in the following format:
                 {"username": *UserName* , "password": *Password* }

       Shorthand Syntax:

          RepositoryUrl=string,Branch=string,SecretArn=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "RepositoryUrl": "string",
            "Branch": "string",
            "SecretArn": "string"
          }

       --tags (list)
          An array of key-value pairs. You can use  tags  to  categorize  your
          Amazon  Web  Services  resources  in different ways, for example, by
          purpose, owner, or environment. For more  information,  see  Tagging
          Amazon Web Services Resources .

          (structure)
              A  tag object that consists of a key and an optional value, used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs,  hyperpa-
              rameter  tuning  jobs,  batch  transform  jobs, models, labeling
              jobs, work teams, endpoint configurations,  and  endpoints.  For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web  Ser-
              vices  resources  with  tagging, see Tagging Amazon Web Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CodeRepositoryArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the new repository.



                                                      CREATE-CODE-REPOSITORY()
