CREATE-STUDIO-LIFECYCLE-CONFIG()              CREATE-STUDIO-LIFECYCLE-CONFIG()



NAME
       create-studio-lifecycle-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new Studio Lifecycle Configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-studio-lifecycle-config
          --studio-lifecycle-config-name <value>
          --studio-lifecycle-config-content <value>
          --studio-lifecycle-config-app-type <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --studio-lifecycle-config-name (string)
          The name of the Studio Lifecycle Configuration to create.

       --studio-lifecycle-config-content (string)
          The content of your Studio Lifecycle Configuration script. This con-
          tent must be base64 encoded.

       --studio-lifecycle-config-app-type (string)
          The App type that the Lifecycle Configuration is attached to.

          Possible values:

          o JupyterServer

          o KernelGateway

       --tags (list)
          Tags to be associated with the  Lifecycle  Configuration.  Each  tag
          consists of a key and an optional value. Tag keys must be unique per
          resource. Tags are searchable using the Search API.

          (structure)
              A tag object that consists of a key and an optional value,  used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You  can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs, hyperpa-
              rameter tuning jobs,  batch  transform  jobs,  models,  labeling
              jobs,  work  teams,  endpoint configurations, and endpoints. For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For  more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices resources with tagging, see Tagging  Amazon  Web  Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       StudioLifecycleConfigArn -> (string)
          The ARN of your created Lifecycle Configuration.



                                              CREATE-STUDIO-LIFECYCLE-CONFIG()
