CREATE-EXPERIMENT()                                        CREATE-EXPERIMENT()



NAME
       create-experiment -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an SageMaker experiment . An experiment is a collection of tri-
       als that are observed, compared and evaluated as a group. A trial is  a
       set of steps, called trial components , that produce a machine learning
       model.

       The goal of an experiment is to determine the components  that  produce
       the  best  model. Multiple trials are performed, each one isolating and
       measuring the impact of a change to one or more inputs,  while  keeping
       the remaining inputs constant.

       When  you use SageMaker Studio or the SageMaker Python SDK, all experi-
       ments, trials, and trial components are automatically tracked,  logged,
       and  indexed.  When  you  use  the  Amazon  Web Services SDK for Python
       (Boto), you must use the logging APIs provided by the SDK.

       You can add tags to experiments, trials, trial components and then  use
       the  Search API to search for the tags.

       To add a description to an experiment, specify the optional Description
       parameter. To add a description later, or to  change  the  description,
       call the  UpdateExperiment API.

       To  get  a list of all your experiments, call the  ListExperiments API.
       To view an experiment's properties, call the   DescribeExperiment  API.
       To get a list of all the trials associated with an experiment, call the
       ListTrials API. To create a trial call the  CreateTrial API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-experiment
          --experiment-name <value>
          [--display-name <value>]
          [--description <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --experiment-name (string)
          The name of the experiment. The name must be unique in  your  Amazon
          Web Services account and is not case-sensitive.

       --display-name (string)
          The name of the experiment as displayed. The name doesn't need to be
          unique. If you don't specify DisplayName , the value in  Experiment-
          Name is displayed.

       --description (string)
          The description of the experiment.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags to associate with the experiment. You can use  Search
          API to search on the tags.

          (structure)
              A tag object that consists of a key and an optional value,  used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You  can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs, hyperpa-
              rameter tuning jobs,  batch  transform  jobs,  models,  labeling
              jobs,  work  teams,  endpoint configurations, and endpoints. For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For  more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices resources with tagging, see Tagging  Amazon  Web  Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ExperimentArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the experiment.



                                                           CREATE-EXPERIMENT()
