CREATE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()                                  CREATE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()



NAME
       create-human-task-ui -

DESCRIPTION
       Defines  the  settings  you will use for the human review workflow user
       interface. Reviewers will see a three-panel interface with an  instruc-
       tion area, the item to review, and an input area.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-human-task-ui
          --human-task-ui-name <value>
          --ui-template <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --human-task-ui-name (string)
          The name of the user interface you are creating.

       --ui-template (structure)
          The Liquid template for the worker user interface.

          Content -> (string)
              The  content  of  the Liquid template for the worker user inter-
              face.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Content=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Content": "string"
          }

       --tags (list)
          An array of key-value pairs that contain metadata to help you  cate-
          gorize and organize a human review workflow user interface. Each tag
          consists of a key and a value, both of which you define.

          (structure)
              A tag object that consists of a key and an optional value,  used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You  can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs, hyperpa-
              rameter tuning jobs,  batch  transform  jobs,  models,  labeling
              jobs,  work  teams,  endpoint configurations, and endpoints. For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For  more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices resources with tagging, see Tagging  Amazon  Web  Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HumanTaskUiArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the human review workflow user in-
          terface you create.



                                                        CREATE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()
