DELETE-ENDPOINT-CONFIG()                              DELETE-ENDPOINT-CONFIG()



NAME
       delete-endpoint-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an endpoint configuration. The DeleteEndpointConfig API deletes
       only the specified configuration. It does not delete endpoints  created
       using the configuration.

       You  must  not  delete  an EndpointConfig in use by an endpoint that is
       live or while the UpdateEndpoint or CreateEndpoint operations are being
       performed  on the endpoint. If you delete the EndpointConfig of an end-
       point that is active or being created or updated you may lose  visibil-
       ity  into the instance type the endpoint is using. The endpoint must be
       deleted in order to stop incurring charges.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-endpoint-config
          --endpoint-config-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-config-name (string)
          The name of the endpoint configuration that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-ENDPOINT-CONFIG()
