DELETE-PIPELINE()                                            DELETE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       delete-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  pipeline if there are no running instances of the pipeline.
       To delete a pipeline, you must stop all running instances of the  pipe-
       line  using  the StopPipelineExecution API. When you delete a pipeline,
       all instances of the pipeline are deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-pipeline
          --pipeline-name <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-name (string)
          The name of the pipeline to delete.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to  ensure  the
          idempotency  of  the operation. An idempotent operation completes no
          more than one time.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PipelineArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pipeline to delete.



                                                             DELETE-PIPELINE()
