DELETE-DOMAIN()                                                DELETE-DOMAIN()



NAME
       delete-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  to delete a domain. If you onboarded with IAM mode, you will need
       to delete your domain to onboard again using SSO. Use with caution. All
       of  the members of the domain will lose access to their EFS volume, in-
       cluding data, notebooks, and other artifacts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-domain
          --domain-id <value>
          [--retention-policy <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-id (string)
          The domain ID.

       --retention-policy (structure)
          The retention policy for this domain, which  specifies  whether  re-
          sources  will  be  retained after the Domain is deleted. By default,
          all resources are retained (not automatically deleted).

          HomeEfsFileSystem -> (string)
              The default is Retain , which specifies to keep the data  stored
              on the EFS volume.

              Specify Delete to delete the data stored on the EFS volume.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          HomeEfsFileSystem=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "HomeEfsFileSystem": "Retain"|"Delete"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-DOMAIN()
