DELETE-FEATURE-GROUP()                                  DELETE-FEATURE-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-feature-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete  the  FeatureGroup  and any data that was written to the Online-
       Store of the FeatureGroup . Data cannot be accessed  from  the  Online-
       Store immediately after DeleteFeatureGroup is called.

       Data  written into the OfflineStore will not be deleted. The Amazon Web
       Services Glue database and tables that are  automatically  created  for
       your OfflineStore are not deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-feature-group
          --feature-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --feature-group-name (string)
          The  name  of  the FeatureGroup you want to delete. The name must be
          unique within an Amazon Web Services Region in an  Amazon  Web  Ser-
          vices account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-FEATURE-GROUP()
