DELETE-ENDPOINT()                                            DELETE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an endpoint. SageMaker frees up all of the resources that were
       deployed when the endpoint was created.

       SageMaker retires any custom KMS key grants associated  with  the  end-
       point, meaning you don't need to use the RevokeGrant API call.

       When you delete your endpoint, SageMaker asynchronously deletes associ-
       ated endpoint resources such as KMS key grants.  You  might  still  see
       these  resources  in your account for a few minutes after deleting your
       endpoint.  Do  not  delete  or  revoke  the  permissions  for  your  ``
       ExecutionRoleArn  ``  ,  otherwise  SageMaker  cannot  delete these re-
       sources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-endpoint
          --endpoint-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-name (string)
          The name of the endpoint that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-ENDPOINT()
