DELETE-TAGS()                                                    DELETE-TAGS()



NAME
       delete-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified tags from an Amazon SageMaker resource.

       To list a resource's tags, use the ListTags API.

       NOTE:
          When  you  call this API to delete tags from a hyperparameter tuning
          job, the deleted tags are not removed from training  jobs  that  the
          hyperparameter tuning job launched before you called this API.

       NOTE:
          When you call this API to delete tags from a SageMaker Studio Domain
          or User Profile, the deleted tags are not removed from Apps that the
          SageMaker  Studio  Domain or User Profile launched before you called
          this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tags
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource whose tags  you  want
          to delete.

       --tag-keys (list)
          An array or one or more tag keys to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-TAGS()
