DELETE-MODEL-PACKAGE()                                  DELETE-MODEL-PACKAGE()



NAME
       delete-model-package -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a model package.

       A  model  package  is used to create Amazon SageMaker models or list on
       Amazon Web Services Marketplace. Buyers can subscribe to model packages
       listed  on  Amazon  Web Services Marketplace to create models in Amazon
       SageMaker.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-model-package
          --model-package-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --model-package-name (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the  model  package  to
          delete.

          When  you  specify  a  name,  the name must have 1 to 63 characters.
          Valid characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-MODEL-PACKAGE()
