DESCRIBE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()                              DESCRIBE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()



NAME
       describe-human-task-ui -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the  requested  human  task user interface
       (worker task template).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-human-task-ui
          --human-task-ui-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --human-task-ui-name (string)
          The name of the human task user interface (worker task template) you
          want information about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HumanTaskUiArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of the human task user interface
          (worker task template).

       HumanTaskUiName -> (string)
          The name of the human task user interface (worker task template).

       HumanTaskUiStatus -> (string)
          The status of the human task user interface (worker task  template).
          Valid values are listed below.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp when the human task user interface was created.

       UiTemplate -> (structure)
          Container for user interface template information.

          Url -> (string)
              The URL for the user interface template.

          ContentSha256 -> (string)
              The SHA-256 digest of the contents of the template.



                                                      DESCRIBE-HUMAN-TASK-UI()
