DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIBED-WORKTEAM()                  DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIBED-WORKTEAM()



NAME
       describe-subscribed-workteam -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about a work team provided by a vendor. It returns de-
       tails about the subscription with a vendor in the Amazon  Web  Services
       Marketplace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-subscribed-workteam
          --workteam-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workteam-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the subscribed work team to de-
          scribe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SubscribedWorkteam -> (structure)
          A Workteam instance that contains information about the work team.

          WorkteamArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vendor that you have sub-
              scribed.

          MarketplaceTitle -> (string)
              The title of the service provided by the vendor  in  the  Amazon
              Marketplace.

          SellerName -> (string)
              The name of the vendor in the Amazon Marketplace.

          MarketplaceDescription -> (string)
              The description of the vendor from the Amazon Marketplace.

          ListingId -> (string)
              Marketplace product listing ID.



                                                DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIBED-WORKTEAM()
