DESCRIBE-FEATURE-METADATA()                        DESCRIBE-FEATURE-METADATA()



NAME
       describe-feature-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       Shows the metadata for a feature within a feature group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-feature-metadata
          --feature-group-name <value>
          --feature-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --feature-group-name (string)
          The name of the feature group containing the feature.

       --feature-name (string)
          The name of the feature.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FeatureGroupArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the feature group that  contains
          the feature.

       FeatureGroupName -> (string)
          The name of the feature group that you've specified.

       FeatureName -> (string)
          The name of the feature that you've specified.

       FeatureType -> (string)
          The data type of the feature.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp indicating when the feature was created.

       LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
          A  timestamp  indicating when the metadata for the feature group was
          modified. For example, if you add a parameter  describing  the  fea-
          ture, the timestamp changes to reflect the last time you

       Description -> (string)
          The description you added to describe the feature.

       Parameters -> (list)
          The key-value pairs that you added to describe the feature.

          (structure)
              A key-value pair that you specify to describe the feature.

              Key -> (string)
                 A key that must contain a value to describe the feature.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value that belongs to a key.



                                                   DESCRIBE-FEATURE-METADATA()
