DISASSOCIATE-TRIAL-COMPONENT()                  DISASSOCIATE-TRIAL-COMPONENT()



NAME
       disassociate-trial-component -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a trial component from a trial. This doesn't effect other
       trials the component is associated with. Before you can delete a compo-
       nent, you must disassociate the component from all trials it is associ-
       ated with. To associate a trial component with a trial, call the  Asso-
       ciateTrialComponent API.

       To  get  a  list  of the trials a component is associated with, use the
       Search API. Specify ExperimentTrialComponent for the  Resource  parame-
       ter. The list appears in the response under Results.TrialComponent.Par-
       ents .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-trial-component
          --trial-component-name <value>
          --trial-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --trial-component-name (string)
          The name of the component to disassociate from the trial.

       --trial-name (string)
          The name of the trial to disassociate from.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrialComponentArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the trial component.

       TrialArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the trial.



                                                DISASSOCIATE-TRIAL-COMPONENT()
