GET-MODEL-PACKAGE-GROUP-POLICY()              GET-MODEL-PACKAGE-GROUP-POLICY()



NAME
       get-model-package-group-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  resource policy that manages access for a model group. For in-
       formation about resource policies, see Identity-based policies and  re-
       source-based  policies  in  the Amazon Web Services Identity and Access
       Management User Guide. .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-model-package-group-policy
          --model-package-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --model-package-group-name (string)
          The name of the model group for which to get the resource policy.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourcePolicy -> (string)
          The resource policy for the model group.



                                              GET-MODEL-PACKAGE-GROUP-POLICY()
