LIST-HUMAN-TASK-UIS()                                    LIST-HUMAN-TASK-UIS()



NAME
       list-human-task-uis -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the human task user interfaces in your ac-
       count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-human-task-uis is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: HumanTaskUiSummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-human-task-uis
          [--creation-time-after <value>]
          [--creation-time-before <value>]
          [--sort-order <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --creation-time-after (timestamp)
          A  filter  that  returns only human task user interfaces with a cre-
          ation time greater than or equal to the specified timestamp.

       --creation-time-before (timestamp)
          A filter that returns only human task user interfaces that were cre-
          ated before the specified timestamp.

       --sort-order (string)
          An optional value that specifies whether you want the results sorted
          in Ascending or Descending order.

          Possible values:

          o Ascending

          o Descending

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HumanTaskUiSummaries -> (list)
          An array of objects describing the human task user interfaces.

          (structure)
              Container for human task user interface information.

              HumanTaskUiName -> (string)
                 The name of the human task user interface.

              HumanTaskUiArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the human task user inter-
                 face.

              CreationTime -> (timestamp)
                 A timestamp when SageMaker created the human task user inter-
                 face.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token to resume pagination.



                                                         LIST-HUMAN-TASK-UIS()
