LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the tags for the specified Amazon SageMaker resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation  by  providing  the --no-paginate argument.  When using --output
       text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query  ar-
       gument  must  extract  data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource whose tags  you  want
          to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          An array of Tag objects, each with a tag key and a value.

          (structure)
              A  tag object that consists of a key and an optional value, used
              to manage metadata for SageMaker Amazon Web Services resources.

              You can add tags to notebook instances, training jobs,  hyperpa-
              rameter  tuning  jobs,  batch  transform  jobs, models, labeling
              jobs, work teams, endpoint configurations,  and  endpoints.  For
              more information on adding tags to SageMaker resources, see  Ad-
              dTags .

              For more information on adding metadata to your Amazon Web  Ser-
              vices  resources  with  tagging, see Tagging Amazon Web Services
              resources . For advice on best practices for managing Amazon Web
              Services resources with tagging, see Tagging Best Practices: Im-
              plement an Effective Amazon Web Services Resource Tagging Strat-
              egy .

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag key. Tag keys must be unique per resource.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag value.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  response  is truncated, Amazon SageMaker includes a token in the
          response. You can use this token in your subsequent request to fetch
          next set of tokens.



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
