STOP-TRAINING-JOB()                                        STOP-TRAINING-JOB()



NAME
       stop-training-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  a  training job. To stop a job, Amazon SageMaker sends the algo-
       rithm the SIGTERM signal, which delays job termination for 120 seconds.
       Algorithms  might  use  this  120-second window to save the model arti-
       facts, so the results of the training is not lost.

       When it receives a StopTrainingJob request,  Amazon  SageMaker  changes
       the  status  of  the job to Stopping . After Amazon SageMaker stops the
       job, it sets the status to Stopped .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-training-job
          --training-job-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --training-job-name (string)
          The name of the training job to stop.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           STOP-TRAINING-JOB()
