UPDATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()                          UPDATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()



NAME
       update-notebook-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a notebook instance. NotebookInstance updates include upgrading
       or downgrading the ML compute instance used for your notebook  instance
       to accommodate changes in your workload requirements.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-notebook-instance
          --notebook-instance-name <value>
          [--instance-type <value>]
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--lifecycle-config-name <value>]
          [--disassociate-lifecycle-config | --no-disassociate-lifecycle-config]
          [--volume-size-in-gb <value>]
          [--default-code-repository <value>]
          [--additional-code-repositories <value>]
          [--accelerator-types <value>]
          [--disassociate-accelerator-types | --no-disassociate-accelerator-types]
          [--disassociate-default-code-repository | --no-disassociate-default-code-repository]
          [--disassociate-additional-code-repositories | --no-disassociate-additional-code-repositories]
          [--root-access <value>]
          [--instance-metadata-service-configuration <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --notebook-instance-name (string)
          The name of the notebook instance to update.

       --instance-type (string)
          The Amazon ML compute instance type.

          Possible values:

          o ml.t2.medium

          o ml.t2.large

          o ml.t2.xlarge

          o ml.t2.2xlarge

          o ml.t3.medium

          o ml.t3.large

          o ml.t3.xlarge

          o ml.t3.2xlarge

          o ml.m4.xlarge

          o ml.m4.2xlarge

          o ml.m4.4xlarge

          o ml.m4.10xlarge

          o ml.m4.16xlarge

          o ml.m5.xlarge

          o ml.m5.2xlarge

          o ml.m5.4xlarge

          o ml.m5.12xlarge

          o ml.m5.24xlarge

          o ml.m5d.large

          o ml.m5d.xlarge

          o ml.m5d.2xlarge

          o ml.m5d.4xlarge

          o ml.m5d.8xlarge

          o ml.m5d.12xlarge

          o ml.m5d.16xlarge

          o ml.m5d.24xlarge

          o ml.c4.xlarge

          o ml.c4.2xlarge

          o ml.c4.4xlarge

          o ml.c4.8xlarge

          o ml.c5.xlarge

          o ml.c5.2xlarge

          o ml.c5.4xlarge

          o ml.c5.9xlarge

          o ml.c5.18xlarge

          o ml.c5d.xlarge

          o ml.c5d.2xlarge

          o ml.c5d.4xlarge

          o ml.c5d.9xlarge

          o ml.c5d.18xlarge

          o ml.p2.xlarge

          o ml.p2.8xlarge

          o ml.p2.16xlarge

          o ml.p3.2xlarge

          o ml.p3.8xlarge

          o ml.p3.16xlarge

          o ml.p3dn.24xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.2xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.4xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.8xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.12xlarge

          o ml.g4dn.16xlarge

          o ml.r5.large

          o ml.r5.xlarge

          o ml.r5.2xlarge

          o ml.r5.4xlarge

          o ml.r5.8xlarge

          o ml.r5.12xlarge

          o ml.r5.16xlarge

          o ml.r5.24xlarge

          o ml.g5.xlarge

          o ml.g5.2xlarge

          o ml.g5.4xlarge

          o ml.g5.8xlarge

          o ml.g5.16xlarge

          o ml.g5.12xlarge

          o ml.g5.24xlarge

          o ml.g5.48xlarge

       --role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the IAM role that SageMaker can
          assume to access the notebook instance. For  more  information,  see
          SageMaker Roles .

          NOTE:
              To  be  able  to pass this role to SageMaker, the caller of this
              API must have the iam:PassRole permission.

       --lifecycle-config-name (string)
          The name of a lifecycle configuration to associate with the notebook
          instance.  For  information about lifestyle configurations, see Step
          2.1: (Optional) Customize a Notebook Instance .

       --disassociate-lifecycle-config  |   --no-disassociate-lifecycle-config
       (boolean)
          Set  to true to remove the notebook instance lifecycle configuration
          currently associated with the notebook instance. This  operation  is
          idempotent. If you specify a lifecycle configuration that is not as-
          sociated with the notebook instance when you call  this  method,  it
          does not throw an error.

       --volume-size-in-gb (integer)
          The  size, in GB, of the ML storage volume to attach to the notebook
          instance. The default value is 5 GB.  ML  storage  volumes  are  en-
          crypted,  so  SageMaker can't determine the amount of available free
          space on the volume. Because of this, you can  increase  the  volume
          size when you update a notebook instance, but you can't decrease the
          volume size. If you want to decrease the size of the ML storage vol-
          ume in use, create a new notebook instance with the desired size.

       --default-code-repository (string)
          The  Git  repository  to associate with the notebook instance as its
          default code repository. This can be either the name of a Git repos-
          itory  stored  as  a  resource  in your account, or the URL of a Git
          repository in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit or  in  any  other  Git
          repository.  When  you open a notebook instance, it opens in the di-
          rectory that contains this repository.  For  more  information,  see
          Associating Git Repositories with SageMaker Notebook Instances .

       --additional-code-repositories (list)
          An array of up to three Git repositories to associate with the note-
          book instance. These can be either the  names  of  Git  repositories
          stored  as resources in your account, or the URL of Git repositories
          in Amazon Web Services CodeCommit or in any  other  Git  repository.
          These  repositories  are  cloned  at  the  same level as the default
          repository of your notebook  instance.  For  more  information,  see
          Associating Git Repositories with SageMaker Notebook Instances .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --accelerator-types (list)
          A  list  of  the  Elastic Inference (EI) instance types to associate
          with this notebook instance. Currently only one EI instance type can
          be  associated  with  a notebook instance. For more information, see
          Using Elastic Inference in Amazon SageMaker .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            ml.eia1.medium
            ml.eia1.large
            ml.eia1.xlarge
            ml.eia2.medium
            ml.eia2.large
            ml.eia2.xlarge

       --disassociate-accelerator-types |  --no-disassociate-accelerator-types
       (boolean)
          A  list  of the Elastic Inference (EI) instance types to remove from
          this notebook instance. This operation is idempotent. If you specify
          an  accelerator  type  that  is not associated with the notebook in-
          stance when you call this method, it does not throw an error.

       --disassociate-default-code-repository     |      --no-disassociate-de-
       fault-code-repository (boolean)
          The  name  or  URL of the default Git repository to remove from this
          notebook instance. This operation is idempotent. If  you  specify  a
          Git  repository  that  is  not associated with the notebook instance
          when you call this method, it does not throw an error.

       --disassociate-additional-code-repositories  |  --no-disassociate-addi-
       tional-code-repositories (boolean)
          A  list  of  names or URLs of the default Git repositories to remove
          from this notebook instance. This operation is  idempotent.  If  you
          specify  a  Git  repository that is not associated with the notebook
          instance when you call this method, it does not throw an error.

       --root-access (string)
          Whether root access is enabled or disabled for users of the notebook
          instance. The default value is Enabled .

          NOTE:
              If  you  set  this to Disabled , users don't have root access on
              the notebook instance, but lifecycle configuration scripts still
              run with root permissions.

          Possible values:

          o Enabled

          o Disabled

       --instance-metadata-service-configuration (structure)
          Information on the IMDS configuration of the notebook instance

          MinimumInstanceMetadataServiceVersion -> (string)
              Indicates  the  minimum  IMDS version that the notebook instance
              supports. When passed as part of CreateNotebookInstance , if  no
              value  is  selected, then it defaults to IMDSv1. This means that
              both IMDSv1 and IMDSv2 are supported. If passed as part  of  Up-
              dateNotebookInstance , there is no default.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          MinimumInstanceMetadataServiceVersion=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "MinimumInstanceMetadataServiceVersion": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-NOTEBOOK-INSTANCE()
