CONVERSION-TASK-CANCELLED()                        CONVERSION-TASK-CANCELLED()



NAME
       conversion-task-cancelled -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until JMESPath query ConversionTasks[].State returns cancelled for
       all elements when polling with describe-conversion-tasks. It will  poll
       every  15  seconds until a successful state has been reached. This will
       exit with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            conversion-task-cancelled
          [--conversion-task-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --conversion-task-ids (list)
          The conversion task IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until a conversion task is cancelled

       The following wait conversion-task-cancelled example pauses and contin-
       ues only after it can confirm that the  specified  conversion  task  is
       cancelled.

          aws ec2 wait conversion-task-cancelled \
              --conversion-task-ids import-i-fh95npoc

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   CONVERSION-TASK-CANCELLED()
