CUSTOMER-GATEWAY-AVAILABLE()                      CUSTOMER-GATEWAY-AVAILABLE()



NAME
       customer-gateway-available -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query CustomerGateways[].State returns available
       for all elements when polling with describe-customer-gateways. It  will
       poll  every  15 seconds until a successful state has been reached. This
       will exit with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            customer-gateway-available
          [--customer-gateway-ids <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --customer-gateway-ids (list)
          One or more customer gateway IDs.

          Default: Describes all your customer gateways.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o bgp-asn - The customer gateway's Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) Au-
            tonomous System Number (ASN).

          o customer-gateway-id - The ID of the customer gateway.

          o ip-address  -  The IP address of the customer gateway device's ex-
            ternal interface.

          o state - The state of the customer gateway (pending |  available  |
            deleting | deleted ).

          o type - The type of customer gateway. Currently, the only supported
            type is ipsec.1 .

          o tag :<key> - The key/value combination of a tag  assigned  to  the
            resource.  Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value as
            the filter value. For example, to find all resources that  have  a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter  to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key, re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait until a customer gateway is available

       The  following  wait  customer-gateway-available example pauses and re-
       sumes running only after it confirms that the specified customer  gate-
       way is available. It produces no output.

          aws ec2 wait customer-gateway-available \
              --customer-gateway-ids cgw-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  CUSTOMER-GATEWAY-AVAILABLE()
