EXPORT-TASK-COMPLETED()                                EXPORT-TASK-COMPLETED()



NAME
       export-task-completed -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until JMESPath query ExportTasks[].State returns completed for all
       elements when polling with describe-export-tasks. It will poll every 15
       seconds  until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with
       a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-task-completed
          [--export-task-ids <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --export-task-ids (list)
          The export task IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --filters (list)
          the filters for the export tasks.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until an export task is completed

       The following wait export-task-completed example pauses  and  continues
       only after it can confirm that the specified export task is completed.

          aws ec2 wait export-task-completed \
              --export-task-ids export-i-fgelt0i7

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       EXPORT-TASK-COMPLETED()
