INSTANCE-STOPPED()                                          INSTANCE-STOPPED()



NAME
       instance-stopped -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until JMESPath query Reservations[].Instances[].State.Name returns
       stopped for all elements when polling with describe-instances. It  will
       poll  every  15 seconds until a successful state has been reached. This
       will exit with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       instance-stopped is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Reservations

SYNOPSIS
            instance-stopped
          [--filters <value>]
          [--instance-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          The filters.

          o affinity - The affinity setting for an instance running on a Dedi-
            cated Host (default | host ).

          o architecture - The instance architecture (i386 | x86_64 | arm64 ).

          o availability-zone - The Availability Zone of the instance.

          o block-device-mapping.attach-time - The attach time for an EBS vol-
            ume  mapped to the instance, for example, 2022-09-15T17:15:20.000Z
            .

          o block-device-mapping.delete-on-termination - A Boolean that  indi-
            cates whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.

          o block-device-mapping.device-name  -  The  device name specified in
            the block device mapping (for example, /dev/sdh or xvdh ).

          o block-device-mapping.status - The status for the EBS  volume  (at-
            taching | attached | detaching | detached ).

          o block-device-mapping.volume-id - The volume ID of the EBS volume.

          o boot-mode   -  The  boot  mode  that  was  specified  by  the  AMI
            (legacy-bios | uefi | uefi-preferred ).

          o capacity-reservation-id - The ID of the Capacity Reservation  into
            which the instance was launched.

          o capacity-reservation-specification.capacity-reservation-preference
            - The instance's Capacity Reservation preference (open | none ).

          o capacity-reservation-specification.capacity-reservation-target.ca-
            pacity-reservation-id  -  The ID of the targeted Capacity Reserva-
            tion.

          o capacity-reservation-specification.capacity-reservation-target.ca-
            pacity-reservation-resource-group-arn  -  The  ARN of the targeted
            Capacity Reservation group.

          o client-token  -  The  idempotency  token  you  provided  when  you
            launched the instance.

          o current-instance-boot-mode  - The boot mode that is used to launch
            the instance at launch or start (legacy-bios | uefi ).

          o dns-name - The public DNS name of the instance.

          o ebs-optimized - A Boolean that indicates whether the  instance  is
            optimized for Amazon EBS I/O.

          o ena-support - A Boolean that indicates whether the instance is en-
            abled for enhanced networking with ENA.

          o enclave-options.enabled - A Boolean that indicates whether the in-
            stance is enabled for Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves.

          o hibernation-options.configured  - A Boolean that indicates whether
            the instance is enabled for hibernation. A  value  of  true  means
            that the instance is enabled for hibernation.

          o host-id  -  The  ID of the Dedicated Host on which the instance is
            running, if applicable.

          o hypervisor - The hypervisor type of the instance (ovm | xen ). The
            value xen is used for both Xen and Nitro hypervisors.

          o iam-instance-profile.arn  -  The  instance profile associated with
            the instance. Specified as an ARN.

          o iam-instance-profile.id - The instance profile associated with the
            instance. Specified as an ID.

          o iam-instance-profile.name  -  The instance profile associated with
            the instance. Specified as an name.

          o image-id - The ID of the image used to launch the instance.

          o instance-id - The ID of the instance.

          o instance-lifecycle - Indicates whether this is a Spot Instance,  a
            Scheduled Instance, or a Capacity Block (spot | scheduled | capac-
            ity-block ).

          o instance-state-code - The state of the instance, as a  16-bit  un-
            signed  integer.  The  high byte is used for internal purposes and
            should be ignored. The low byte is set based on the  state  repre-
            sented. The valid values are: 0 (pending), 16 (running), 32 (shut-
            ting-down), 48 (terminated), 64 (stopping), and 80 (stopped).

          o instance-state-name - The state of the instance (pending | running
            | shutting-down | terminated | stopping | stopped ).

          o instance-type - The type of instance (for example, t2.micro ).

          o instance.group-id - The ID of the security group for the instance.

          o instance.group-name  -  The name of the security group for the in-
            stance.

          o ip-address - The public IPv4 address of the instance.

          o ipv6-address - The IPv6 address of the instance.

          o kernel-id - The kernel ID.

          o key-name - The name of the key pair used  when  the  instance  was
            launched.

          o launch-index  - When launching multiple instances, this is the in-
            dex for the instance in the launch group (for example,  0,  1,  2,
            and so on).

          o launch-time  - The time when the instance was launched, in the ISO
            8601 format in the UTC time zone  (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ),  for
            example,  2021-09-29T11:04:43.305Z  . You can use a wildcard (* ),
            for example, 2021-09-29T* , which matches an entire day.

          o maintenance-options.auto-recovery - The current automatic recovery
            behavior of the instance (disabled | default ).

          o metadata-options.http-endpoint  - The status of access to the HTTP
            metadata endpoint on your instance (enabled | disabled )

          o metadata-options.http-protocol-ipv4 - Indicates whether  the  IPv4
            endpoint is enabled (disabled | enabled ).

          o metadata-options.http-protocol-ipv6  -  Indicates whether the IPv6
            endpoint is enabled (disabled | enabled ).

          o metadata-options.http-put-response-hop-limit - The  HTTP  metadata
            request put response hop limit (integer, possible values 1 to 64 )

          o metadata-options.http-tokens  - The metadata request authorization
            state (optional | required )

          o metadata-options.instance-metadata-tags - The status of access  to
            instance tags from the instance metadata (enabled | disabled )

          o metadata-options.state  - The state of the metadata option changes
            (pending | applied ).

          o monitoring-state - Indicates whether detailed  monitoring  is  en-
            abled (disabled | enabled ).

          o network-interface.addresses.association.allocation-id  - The allo-
            cation ID.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.association-id - The asso-
            ciation ID.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.carrier-ip  -  The carrier
            IP address.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.customer-owned-ip  -   The
            customer-owned IP address.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.ip-owner-id - The owner ID
            of the private IPv4 address associated with the network interface.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.public-dns-name - The pub-
            lic DNS name.

          o network-interface.addresses.association.public-ip  - The ID of the
            association of an Elastic IP address (IPv4) with a network  inter-
            face.

          o network-interface.addresses.primary  -  Specifies whether the IPv4
            address of the network interface is the primary private  IPv4  ad-
            dress.

          o network-interface.addresses.private-dns-name  -  The  private  DNS
            name.

          o network-interface.addresses.private-ip-address - The private  IPv4
            address associated with the network interface.

          o network-interface.association.allocation-id  -  The  allocation ID
            returned when you allocated the Elastic IP address (IPv4) for your
            network interface.

          o network-interface.association.association-id  - The association ID
            returned when the network interface was associated  with  an  IPv4
            address.

          o network-interface.association.carrier-ip  -  The customer-owned IP
            address.

          o network-interface.association.customer-owned-ip   -    The    cus-
            tomer-owned IP address.

          o network-interface.association.ip-owner-id - The owner of the Elas-
            tic IP address (IPv4) associated with the network interface.

          o network-interface.association.public-dns-name  -  The  public  DNS
            name.

          o network-interface.association.public-ip - The address of the Elas-
            tic IP address (IPv4) bound to the network interface.

          o network-interface.attachment.attach-time - The time that the  net-
            work interface was attached to an instance.

          o network-interface.attachment.attachment-id  - The ID of the inter-
            face attachment.

          o network-interface.attachment.delete-on-termination   -   Specifies
            whether the attachment is deleted when an instance is terminated.

          o network-interface.attachment.device-index  -  The  device index to
            which the network interface is attached.

          o network-interface.attachment.instance-id - The ID of the  instance
            to which the network interface is attached.

          o network-interface.attachment.instance-owner-id  -  The owner ID of
            the instance to which the network interface is attached.

          o network-interface.attachment.network-card-index - The index of the
            network card.

          o network-interface.attachment.status - The status of the attachment
            (attaching | attached | detaching | detached ).

          o network-interface.availability-zone - The  Availability  Zone  for
            the network interface.

          o network-interface.deny-all-igw-traffic  - A Boolean that indicates
            whether a network interface with an IPv6  address  is  unreachable
            from the public internet.

          o network-interface.description - The description of the network in-
            terface.

          o network-interface.group-id - The ID of a security group associated
            with the network interface.

          o network-interface.group-name  - The name of a security group asso-
            ciated with the network interface.

          o network-interface.ipv4-prefixes.ipv4-prefix -  The  IPv4  prefixes
            that are assigned to the network interface.

          o network-interface.ipv6-address  - The IPv6 address associated with
            the network interface.

          o network-interface.ipv6-addresses.ipv6-address - The  IPv6  address
            associated with the network interface.

          o network-interface.ipv6-addresses.is-primary-ipv6  - A Boolean that
            indicates whether this is the primary IPv6 address.

          o network-interface.ipv6-native - A Boolean that  indicates  whether
            this is an IPv6 only network interface.

          o network-interface.ipv6-prefixes.ipv6-prefix  - The IPv6 prefix as-
            signed to the network interface.

          o network-interface.mac-address - The MAC address of the network in-
            terface.

          o network-interface.network-interface-id - The ID of the network in-
            terface.

          o network-interface.outpost-arn - The ARN of the Outpost.

          o network-interface.owner-id - The ID of the owner  of  the  network
            interface.

          o network-interface.private-dns-name  -  The private DNS name of the
            network interface.

          o network-interface.private-ip-address - The private IPv4 address.

          o network-interface.public-dns-name - The public DNS name.

          o network-interface.requester-id - The requester ID for the  network
            interface.

          o network-interface.requester-managed  -  Indicates whether the net-
            work interface is being managed by Amazon Web Services.

          o network-interface.status - The status  of  the  network  interface
            (available ) | in-use ).

          o network-interface.source-dest-check  -  Whether the network inter-
            face performs source/destination checking. A value of  true  means
            that  checking  is  enabled, and false means that checking is dis-
            abled. The value must be false for the network interface  to  per-
            form network address translation (NAT) in your VPC.

          o network-interface.subnet-id - The ID of the subnet for the network
            interface.

          o network-interface.tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the  net-
            work interface.

          o network-interface.tag-value  -  The value of a tag assigned to the
            network interface.

          o network-interface.vpc-id - The ID of the VPC for the  network  in-
            terface.

          o outpost-arn - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost.

          o owner-id  -  The  Amazon  Web  Services account ID of the instance
            owner.

          o placement-group-name - The name of the placement group for the in-
            stance.

          o placement-partition-number  -  The partition in which the instance
            is located.

          o platform - The platform. To list only Windows instances, use  win-
            dows .

          o platform-details - The platform (Linux/UNIX | Red Hat BYOL Linux |
            Red Hat Enterprise Linux | Red Hat Enterprise Linux with HA |  Red
            Hat Enterprise Linux with SQL Server Standard and HA | Red Hat En-
            terprise Linux with SQL Server Enterprise and HA | Red Hat  Enter-
            prise  Linux  with  SQL Server Standard | Red Hat Enterprise Linux
            with SQL Server Web | Red Hat Enterprise Linux with SQL Server En-
            terprise  |  SQL  Server  Enterprise  |  SQL Server Standard | SQL
            Server Web | SUSE Linux | Ubuntu Pro | Windows |  Windows  BYOL  |
            Windows with SQL Server Enterprise | Windows with SQL Server Stan-
            dard | Windows with SQL Server Web ).

          o private-dns-name - The private IPv4 DNS name of the instance.

          o private-dns-name-options.enable-resource-name-dns-a-record   -   A
            Boolean  that  indicates whether to respond to DNS queries for in-
            stance hostnames with DNS A records.

          o private-dns-name-options.enable-resource-name-dns-aaaa-record -  A
            Boolean  that  indicates whether to respond to DNS queries for in-
            stance hostnames with DNS AAAA records.

          o private-dns-name-options.hostname-type  -  The  type  of  hostname
            (ip-name | resource-name ).

          o private-ip-address  -  The  private  IPv4 address of the instance.
            This can only be used to filter by the primary IP address  of  the
            network  interface  attached  to  the instance. To filter by addi-
            tional IP addresses assigned to the  network  interface,  use  the
            filter network-interface.addresses.private-ip-address .

          o product-code  -  The  product code associated with the AMI used to
            launch the instance.

          o product-code.type - The type of product code (devpay | marketplace
            ).

          o ramdisk-id - The RAM disk ID.

          o reason - The reason for the current state of the instance (for ex-
            ample, shows "User Initiated [date]" when you  stop  or  terminate
            the instance). Similar to the state-reason-code filter.

          o requester-id  - The ID of the entity that launched the instance on
            your behalf (for example, Amazon Web Services Management  Console,
            Auto Scaling, and so on).

          o reservation-id  - The ID of the instance's reservation. A reserva-
            tion ID is created any time you launch an instance. A  reservation
            ID  has a one-to-one relationship with an instance launch request,
            but can be associated with more than one instance  if  you  launch
            multiple  instances using the same launch request. For example, if
            you launch one instance, you get one reservation ID. If you launch
            ten  instances  using  the  same  launch request, you also get one
            reservation ID.

          o root-device-name - The device name of the root device volume  (for
            example, /dev/sda1 ).

          o root-device-type  -  The type of the root device volume (ebs | in-
            stance-store ).

          o source-dest-check  -  Indicates  whether  the  instance   performs
            source/destination  checking.  A value of true means that checking
            is enabled, and false means that checking is disabled.  The  value
            must be false for the instance to perform network address transla-
            tion (NAT) in your VPC.

          o spot-instance-request-id - The ID of the Spot Instance request.

          o state-reason-code - The reason code for the state change.

          o state-reason-message - A message that describes the state change.

          o subnet-id - The ID of the subnet for the instance.

          o tag:<key> - The key/value combination of a tag assigned to the re-
            source.  Use  the  tag key in the filter name and the tag value as
            the filter value. For example, to find all resources that  have  a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter to find all resources that have a tag with a specific key, re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o tenancy - The tenancy of an instance (dedicated | default  |  host
            ).

          o tpm-support - Indicates if the instance is configured for NitroTPM
            support (v2.0 ).

          o usage-operation - The  usage  operation  value  for  the  instance
            (RunInstances  |  RunInstances:00g0  |  RunInstances:0010 | RunIn-
            stances:1010 |  RunInstances:1014  |  RunInstances:1110  |  RunIn-
            stances:0014  |  RunInstances:0210  |  RunInstances:0110  | RunIn-
            stances:0100 |  RunInstances:0004  |  RunInstances:0200  |  RunIn-
            stances:000g  |  RunInstances:0g00  |  RunInstances:0002  | RunIn-
            stances:0800 |  RunInstances:0102  |  RunInstances:0006  |  RunIn-
            stances:0202 ).

          o usage-operation-update-time  -  The  time that the usage operation
            was last updated, for example, 2022-09-15T17:15:20.000Z .

          o virtualization-type - The  virtualization  type  of  the  instance
            (paravirtual | hvm ).

          o vpc-id - The ID of the VPC that the instance is running in.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --instance-ids (list)
          The instance IDs.

          Default: Describes all your instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait until an instance is stopped

       The  following wait instance-stopped example pauses and resumes running
       only after it confirms that the specified instance is stopped. It  pro-
       duces no output.

          aws ec2 wait instance-stopped \
              --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            INSTANCE-STOPPED()
