PASSWORD-DATA-AVAILABLE()                            PASSWORD-DATA-AVAILABLE()



NAME
       password-data-available -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query length(PasswordData) > 0 returns True when
       polling with get-password-data. It will poll every 15 seconds  until  a
       successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return code of
       255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            password-data-available
          --instance-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the Windows instance.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait until the password data for a Windows instance is available

       The  following  wait password-data-available example pauses and resumes
       running only after it confirms that the password data for the specified
       Windows instance is available. It produces no output.

          aws ec2 wait password-data-available \
              --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     PASSWORD-DATA-AVAILABLE()
