SECURITY-GROUP-EXISTS()                                SECURITY-GROUP-EXISTS()



NAME
       security-group-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until JMESPath query length(SecurityGroups[].GroupId) > 0 returns
       True when polling with describe-security-groups. It will poll  every  5
       seconds  until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with
       a return code of 255 after 6 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       security-group-exists is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: SecurityGroups

SYNOPSIS
            security-group-exists
          [--filters <value>]
          [--group-ids <value>]
          [--group-names <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          The  filters.  If  using multiple filters for rules, the results in-
          clude security groups for which any combination of rules - not  nec-
          essarily a single rule - match all filters.

          o description - The description of the security group.

          o egress.ip-permission.cidr - An IPv4 CIDR block for an outbound se-
            curity group rule.

          o egress.ip-permission.from-port - For an outbound rule,  the  start
            of  port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type num-
            ber.

          o egress.ip-permission.group-id - The ID of a  security  group  that
            has been referenced in an outbound security group rule.

          o egress.ip-permission.group-name  -  The  name  of a security group
            that is referenced in an outbound security group rule.

          o egress.ip-permission.ipv6-cidr - An IPv6 CIDR block  for  an  out-
            bound security group rule.

          o egress.ip-permission.prefix-list-id  -  The ID of a prefix list to
            which a security group rule allows outbound access.

          o egress.ip-permission.protocol - The IP protocol  for  an  outbound
            security  group  rule (tcp | udp | icmp , a protocol number, or -1
            for all protocols).

          o egress.ip-permission.to-port - For an outbound rule,  the  end  of
            port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code.

          o egress.ip-permission.user-id  -  The  ID of an Amazon Web Services
            account that has been referenced in  an  outbound  security  group
            rule.

          o group-id - The ID of the security group.

          o group-name - The name of the security group.

          o ip-permission.cidr  -  An  IPv4 CIDR block for an inbound security
            group rule.

          o ip-permission.from-port - For an inbound rule, the start  of  port
            range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP type number.

          o ip-permission.group-id  - The ID of a security group that has been
            referenced in an inbound security group rule.

          o ip-permission.group-name - The name of a security  group  that  is
            referenced in an inbound security group rule.

          o ip-permission.ipv6-cidr  - An IPv6 CIDR block for an inbound secu-
            rity group rule.

          o ip-permission.prefix-list-id - The ID of a prefix list from  which
            a security group rule allows inbound access.

          o ip-permission.protocol  -  The IP protocol for an inbound security
            group rule (tcp | udp | icmp , a protocol number, or  -1  for  all
            protocols).

          o ip-permission.to-port - For an inbound rule, the end of port range
            for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code.

          o ip-permission.user-id - The ID of an Amazon Web  Services  account
            that has been referenced in an inbound security group rule.

          o owner-id  - The Amazon Web Services account ID of the owner of the
            security group.

          o tag :<key> - The key/value combination of a tag  assigned  to  the
            resource.  Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value as
            the filter value. For example, to find all resources that  have  a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter  to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key, re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o vpc-id - The ID of the VPC specified when the security  group  was
            created.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --group-ids (list)
          The  IDs  of  the security groups. Required for security groups in a
          nondefault VPC.

          Default: Describes all of your security groups.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --group-names (list)
          [EC2-Classic and default VPC only] The names of the security groups.
          You can specify either the security group name or the security group
          ID. For security groups in a nondefault VPC, use the group-name fil-
          ter to describe security groups by name.

          Default: Describes all of your security groups.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until a security group exists

       The following wait security-group-exists example pauses  and  continues
       only after it can confirm that the specified security group exists.

          aws ec2 wait security-group-exists \
              --group-ids sg-07e789d0fb10492ee

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       SECURITY-GROUP-EXISTS()
