SUBNET-AVAILABLE()                                          SUBNET-AVAILABLE()



NAME
       subnet-available -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until JMESPath query Subnets[].State returns available for all el-
       ements when polling with describe-subnets. It will poll every  15  sec-
       onds  until  a successful state has been reached. This will exit with a
       return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       subnet-available is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Subnets

SYNOPSIS
            subnet-available
          [--filters <value>]
          [--subnet-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o availability-zone  - The Availability Zone for the subnet. You can
            also use availabilityZone as the filter name.

          o availability-zone-id - The ID of the  Availability  Zone  for  the
            subnet. You can also use availabilityZoneId as the filter name.

          o available-ip-address-count  -  The number of IPv4 addresses in the
            subnet that are available.

          o cidr-block - The IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet. The CIDR block you
            specify must exactly match the subnet's CIDR block for information
            to be returned for the subnet. You can also use cidr or  cidrBlock
            as the filter names.

          o default-for-az  - Indicates whether this is the default subnet for
            the Availability Zone (true | false ). You can also  use  default-
            ForAz as the filter name.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.ipv6-cidr-block  -  An IPv6 CIDR block
            associated with the subnet.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.association-id - An association ID for
            an IPv6 CIDR block associated with the subnet.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.state  -  The  state  of  an IPv6 CIDR
            block associated with the subnet.

          o ipv6-native - Indicates whether this is an IPv6 only subnet  (true
            | false ).

          o outpost-arn - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost.

          o owner-id - The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the
            subnet.

          o state - The state of the subnet (pending | available ).

          o subnet-arn - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the subnet.

          o subnet-id - The ID of the subnet.

          o tag :<key> - The key/value combination of a tag  assigned  to  the
            resource.  Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value as
            the filter value. For example, to find all resources that  have  a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter  to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key, re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o vpc-id - The ID of the VPC for the subnet.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --subnet-ids (list)
          One or more subnet IDs.

          Default: Describes all your subnets.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait until a subnet is available

       The following wait subnet-available example pauses and resumes  running
       only  after it confirms that the specified subnet is available. It pro-
       duces no output.

          aws ec2 wait subnet-available \
              --subnet-ids subnet-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            SUBNET-AVAILABLE()
