VPC-AVAILABLE()                                                VPC-AVAILABLE()



NAME
       vpc-available -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath query Vpcs[].State returns available for all ele-
       ments when polling with describe-vpcs. It will poll  every  15  seconds
       until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return
       code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       vpc-available is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Vpcs

SYNOPSIS
            vpc-available
          [--filters <value>]
          [--vpc-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o cidr  - The primary IPv4 CIDR block of the VPC. The CIDR block you
            specify must exactly match the VPC's CIDR block for information to
            be returned for the VPC. Must contain the slash followed by one or
            two digits (for example, /28 ).

          o cidr-block-association.cidr-block - An IPv4 CIDR block  associated
            with the VPC.

          o cidr-block-association.association-id  - The association ID for an
            IPv4 CIDR block associated with the VPC.

          o cidr-block-association.state - The state of an IPv4 CIDR block as-
            sociated with the VPC.

          o dhcp-options-id - The ID of a set of DHCP options.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.ipv6-cidr-block  -  An IPv6 CIDR block
            associated with the VPC.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.ipv6-pool - The ID of the IPv6 address
            pool from which the IPv6 CIDR block is allocated.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.association-id  -  The  association ID
            for an IPv6 CIDR block associated with the VPC.

          o ipv6-cidr-block-association.state - The  state  of  an  IPv6  CIDR
            block associated with the VPC.

          o is-default - Indicates whether the VPC is the default VPC.

          o owner-id - The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the
            VPC.

          o state - The state of the VPC (pending | available ).

          o tag :<key> - The key/value combination of a tag  assigned  to  the
            resource.  Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value as
            the filter value. For example, to find all resources that  have  a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter  to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key, re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o vpc-id - The ID of the VPC.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --vpc-ids (list)
          One or more VPC IDs.

          Default: Describes all your VPCs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait until a virtual private cloud (VPC) is available

       The following wait vpc-available example  pauses  and  resumes  running
       only after it confirms that the specified VPC is available. It produces
       no output.

          aws ec2 wait vpc-available \
              --vpc-ids vpc-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               VPC-AVAILABLE()
