VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION-EXISTS()                VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION-EXISTS()



NAME
       vpc-peering-connection-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait   until   200   response   is   received  when  polling  with  de-
       scribe-vpc-peering-connections. It will poll every 15 seconds  until  a
       successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return code of
       255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       vpc-peering-connection-exists is a paginated  operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: VpcPeeringConnections

SYNOPSIS
            vpc-peering-connection-exists
          [--filters <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--vpc-peering-connection-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o accepter-vpc-info.cidr-block - The IPv4 CIDR block of the accepter
            VPC.

          o accepter-vpc-info.owner-id - The ID of the Amazon Web Services ac-
            count that owns the accepter VPC.

          o accepter-vpc-info.vpc-id - The ID of the accepter VPC.

          o expiration-time - The expiration date and time for the VPC peering
            connection.

          o requester-vpc-info.cidr-block - The IPv4 CIDR  block  of  the  re-
            quester's VPC.

          o requester-vpc-info.owner-id  -  The  ID of the Amazon Web Services
            account that owns the requester VPC.

          o requester-vpc-info.vpc-id - The ID of the requester VPC.

          o status-code - The status of  the  VPC  peering  connection  (pend-
            ing-acceptance | failed | expired | provisioning | active | delet-
            ing | deleted | rejected ).

          o status-message - A message that provides  more  information  about
            the status of the VPC peering connection, if applicable.

          o tag  :<key>  -  The key/value combination of a tag assigned to the
            resource. Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value  as
            the  filter  value. For example, to find all resources that have a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key,  re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o vpc-peering-connection-id - The ID of the VPC peering connection.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --vpc-peering-connection-ids (list)
          One or more VPC peering connection IDs.

          Default: Describes all your VPC peering connections.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait until a VPC peering connection exists

       The  following  wait  vpc-peering-connection-exists  example pauses and
       continues only when it can confirm that the specified VPC peering  con-
       nection exists.

          aws ec2 wait vpc-peering-connection-exists \
              --vpc-peering-connection-ids pcx-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                               VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION-EXISTS()
