VPN-CONNECTION-DELETED()                              VPN-CONNECTION-DELETED()



NAME
       vpn-connection-deleted -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query VpnConnections[].State returns deleted for
       all elements when polling with describe-vpn-connections. It  will  poll
       every  15  seconds until a successful state has been reached. This will
       exit with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            vpn-connection-deleted
          [--filters <value>]
          [--vpn-connection-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o customer-gateway-configuration - The configuration information for
            the customer gateway.

          o customer-gateway-id - The ID of a customer gateway associated with
            the VPN connection.

          o state - The state of the VPN connection  (pending  |  available  |
            deleting | deleted ).

          o option.static-routes-only  -  Indicates whether the connection has
            static routes only. Used for devices that do  not  support  Border
            Gateway Protocol (BGP).

          o route.destination-cidr-block  -  The  destination CIDR block. This
            corresponds to the subnet used in a customer data center.

          o bgp-asn - The BGP Autonomous System Number (ASN) associated with a
            BGP device.

          o tag  :<key>  -  The key/value combination of a tag assigned to the
            resource. Use the tag key in the filter name and the tag value  as
            the  filter  value. For example, to find all resources that have a
            tag with the key Owner and the value TeamA , specify tag:Owner for
            the filter name and TeamA for the filter value.

          o tag-key - The key of a tag assigned to the resource. Use this fil-
            ter to find all resources assigned a tag with a specific key,  re-
            gardless of the tag value.

          o type  -  The  type of VPN connection. Currently the only supported
            type is ipsec.1 .

          o vpn-connection-id - The ID of the VPN connection.

          o vpn-gateway-id - The ID of a virtual  private  gateway  associated
            with the VPN connection.

          o transit-gateway-id  -  The ID of a transit gateway associated with
            the VPN connection.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --vpn-connection-ids (list)
          One or more VPN connection IDs.

          Default: Describes your VPN connections.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait until a VPN connection is deleted

       The following waitt vpn-connection-deleted example command  pauses  and
       continues  when  it  can  confirm  that the specified VPN connection is
       deleted. It produces no output.

          aws ec2 wait vpn-connection-deleted \
              --vpn-connection-ids vpn-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      VPN-CONNECTION-DELETED()
