GET-TARGET-RESOURCE-TYPE()                          GET-TARGET-RESOURCE-TYPE()



NAME
       get-target-resource-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about the specified resource type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-target-resource-type
          --resource-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The resource type.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       targetResourceType -> (structure)
          Information about the resource type.

          resourceType -> (string)
              The resource type.

          description -> (string)
              A description of the resource type.

          parameters -> (map)
              The parameters for the resource type.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 Describes the parameters for a resource type. Use  parameters
                 to determine which tasks are identified during target resolu-
                 tion.

                 description -> (string)
                     A description of the parameter.

                 required -> (boolean)
                     Indicates whether the parameter is required.



                                                    GET-TARGET-RESOURCE-TYPE()
