CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()



NAME
       create-environment-account-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  an  environment account connection in an environment account so
       that environment infrastructure resources can be provisioned in the en-
       vironment account from a management account.

       An environment account connection is a secure bi-directional connection
       between a management account and an environment account that  maintains
       authorization  and  permissions.  For more information, see Environment
       account connections in the Proton Administrator guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-environment-account-connection
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--component-role-arn <value>]
          --environment-name <value>
          --management-account-id <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          When included, if two identical requests  are  made  with  the  same
          client token, Proton returns the environment account connection that
          the first request created.

       --component-role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role  that  Proton
          uses when provisioning directly defined components in the associated
          environment account. It determines the scope of infrastructure  that
          a component can provision in the account.

          You  must  specify componentRoleArn to allow directly defined compo-
          nents to be associated with any environments  running  in  this  ac-
          count.

          For  more information about components, see Proton components in the
          Proton Administrator Guide .

       --environment-name (string)
          The name of the Proton environment that's created in the  associated
          management account.

       --management-account-id (string)
          The  ID  of the management account that accepts or rejects the envi-
          ronment account connection. You create and manage the  Proton  envi-
          ronment in this account. If the management account accepts the envi-
          ronment account connection, Proton can use the associated  IAM  role
          to  provision environment infrastructure resources in the associated
          environment account.

       --role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role  that's  cre-
          ated  in the environment account. Proton uses this role to provision
          infrastructure resources in the associated environment account.

       --tags (list)
          An optional list of metadata items that you can associate  with  the
          Proton environment account connection. A tag is a key-value pair.

          For more information, see Proton resources and tagging in the Proton
          Administrator Guide .

          (structure)
              A description of a resource tag.

              key -> (string)
                 The key of the resource tag.

              value -> (string)
                 The value of the resource tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       environmentAccountConnection -> (structure)
          The  environment  account  connection detail data that's returned by
          Proton.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment  account  con-
              nection.

          componentRoleArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role that Pro-
              ton uses when provisioning directly defined  components  in  the
              associated  environment  account. It determines the scope of in-
              frastructure that a component can provision in the account.

              The environment account connection must have a  componentRoleArn
              to  allow  directly defined components to be associated with any
              environments running in the account.

              For more information about components, see Proton components  in
              the Proton Administrator Guide .

          environmentAccountId -> (string)
              The  environment account that's connected to the environment ac-
              count connection.

          environmentName -> (string)
              The name of the environment that's associated with the  environ-
              ment account connection.

          id -> (string)
              The ID of the environment account connection.

          lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time when the environment account connection was last modi-
              fied.

          managementAccountId -> (string)
              The ID of the management account that's connected to  the  envi-
              ronment account connection.

          requestedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time  when  the  environment account connection request was
              made.

          roleArn -> (string)
              The IAM service role that's associated with the environment  ac-
              count connection.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the environment account connection.



                                       CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()
