DELETE-TEMPLATE-SYNC-CONFIG()                    DELETE-TEMPLATE-SYNC-CONFIG()



NAME
       delete-template-sync-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete a template sync configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-template-sync-config
          --template-name <value>
          --template-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The template name.

       --template-type (string)
          The template type.

          Possible values:

          o ENVIRONMENT

          o SERVICE

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       templateSyncConfig -> (structure)
          The  template sync configuration detail data that's returned by Pro-
          ton.

          branch -> (string)
              The repository branch.

          repositoryName -> (string)
              The name of the repository, for example myrepos/myrepo .

          repositoryProvider -> (string)
              The repository provider.

          subdirectory -> (string)
              A subdirectory path to your template bundle version.

          templateName -> (string)
              The template name.

          templateType -> (string)
              The template type.



                                                 DELETE-TEMPLATE-SYNC-CONFIG()
