DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()



NAME
       delete-environment-account-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       In an environment account, delete an environment account connection.

       After  you  delete an environment account connection thats in use by an
       Proton environment, Proton cant manage the  environment  infrastructure
       resources  until  a  new environment account connection is accepted for
       the environment account and associated environment. You're  responsible
       for  cleaning  up provisioned resources that remain without an environ-
       ment connection.

       For more information, see Environment account connections in the Proton
       Administrator guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-environment-account-connection
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the environment account connection to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       environmentAccountConnection -> (structure)
          The  environment  account  connection detail data that's returned by
          Proton.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment  account  con-
              nection.

          environmentAccountId -> (string)
              The  environment account that's connected to the environment ac-
              count connection.

          environmentName -> (string)
              The name of the environment that's associated with the  environ-
              ment account connection.

          id -> (string)
              The ID of the environment account connection.

          lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time when the environment account connection was last modi-
              fied.

          managementAccountId -> (string)
              The ID of the management account that's connected to  the  envi-
              ronment account connection.

          requestedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time  when  the  environment account connection request was
              made.

          roleArn -> (string)
              The IAM service role that's associated with the environment  ac-
              count connection.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the environment account connection.



                                       DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-ACCOUNT-CONNECTION()
