DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION()    DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-environment-template-version -

DESCRIPTION
       If  no  other minor versions of an environment template exist, delete a
       major version of the environment template if it's not  the  Recommended
       version.  Delete the Recommended version of the environment template if
       no other major versions or minor versions of the  environment  template
       exist.  A  major version of an environment template is a version that's
       not backward compatible.

       Delete a minor version of an environment template if it isn't the  Rec-
       ommended version. Delete a Recommended minor version of the environment
       template if no other minor versions of the environment template  exist.
       A minor version of an environment template is a version that's backward
       compatible.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-environment-template-version
          --major-version <value>
          --minor-version <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --major-version (string)
          The environment template major version to delete.

       --minor-version (string)
          The environment template minor version to delete.

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the environment template.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       environmentTemplateVersion -> (structure)
          The environment template version detail data that's returned by Pro-
          ton.

          arn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the version of an environment
              template.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the version of an environment  template  was  cre-
              ated.

          description -> (string)
              A description of the minor version of an environment template.

          lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time  when  the version of an environment template was last
              modified.

          majorVersion -> (string)
              The latest major version that's associated with the  version  of
              an environment template.

          minorVersion -> (string)
              The minor version of an environment template.

          recommendedMinorVersion -> (string)
              The recommended minor version of the environment template.

          schema -> (string)
              The schema of the version of an environment template.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the version of an environment template.

          statusMessage -> (string)
              The status message of the version of an environment template.

          templateName -> (string)
              The name of the version of an environment template.



                                         DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION()
