GET-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()                                  GET-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()



NAME
       get-account-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Get detail data for the Proton pipeline service role.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-account-settings
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       accountSettings -> (structure)
          The Proton pipeline service role detail data that's returned by Pro-
          ton.

          pipelineProvisioningRepository -> (structure)
              The repository that you provide with pull request provisioning.

              WARNING:
                 Provisioning by pull request is currently in feature  preview
                 and  is only usable with Terraform based Proton Templates. To
                 learn more about Amazon Web Services Feature Preview terms  ,
                 see section 2 on Beta and Previews.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the repository branch.

              branch -> (string)
                 The repository branch.

              name -> (string)
                 The repository name.

              provider -> (string)
                 The repository provider.

          pipelineServiceRoleArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the Proton pipeline service
              role.



                                                        GET-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()
