GET-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE()                          GET-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       get-environment-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Get detailed data for an environment template.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-environment-template
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the environment template that you want to get the de-
          tailed data for.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       environmentTemplate -> (structure)
          The detailed data of the requested environment template.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment template.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the environment template was created.

          description -> (string)
              A description of the environment template.

          displayName -> (string)
              The  name of the environment template as displayed in the devel-
              oper interface.

          encryptionKey -> (string)
              The customer provided encryption key for  the  environment  tem-
              plate.

          lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the environment template was last modified.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the environment template.

          provisioning -> (string)
              When  included,  indicates  that the environment template is for
              customer provisioned and managed infrastructure.

          recommendedVersion -> (string)
              The ID of the recommended version of the environment template.



                                                    GET-ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE()
