GET-REPOSITORY-SYNC-STATUS()                      GET-REPOSITORY-SYNC-STATUS()



NAME
       get-repository-sync-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  the sync status of a repository used for Proton template sync. For
       more information about template sync, see .

       NOTE:
          A repository sync status isn't tied to  the  Proton  Repository  re-
          source  (or any other Proton resource). Therefore, tags on an Proton
          Repository resource have no effect on this action. Specifically, you
          can't  use  these tags to control access to this action using Attri-
          bute-based access control (ABAC).

          For more information about ABAC, see ABAC in the Proton  Administra-
          tor Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-repository-sync-status
          --branch <value>
          --repository-name <value>
          --repository-provider <value>
          --sync-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --branch (string)
          The repository branch.

       --repository-name (string)
          The repository name.

       --repository-provider (string)
          The repository provider.

          Possible values:

          o GITHUB

          o GITHUB_ENTERPRISE

          o BITBUCKET

       --sync-type (string)
          The repository sync type.

          Possible values:

          o TEMPLATE_SYNC

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       latestSync -> (structure)
          The repository sync status detail data that's returned by Proton.

          events -> (list)
              Detail data for sync attempt events.

              (structure)
                 Repository sync event detail data for a sync attempt.

                 event -> (string)
                     Event detail for a repository sync attempt.

                 externalId -> (string)
                     The external ID of the sync event.

                 time -> (timestamp)
                     The time that the sync event occurred.

                 type -> (string)
                     The type of event.

          startedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the sync attempt started.

          status -> (string)
              The sync attempt status.



                                                  GET-REPOSITORY-SYNC-STATUS()
