LIST-SERVICE-PIPELINE-OUTPUTS()                LIST-SERVICE-PIPELINE-OUTPUTS()



NAME
       list-service-pipeline-outputs -

DESCRIPTION
       Get a list of service pipeline Infrastructure as Code (IaC) outputs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-service-pipeline-outputs  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: outputs

SYNOPSIS
            list-service-pipeline-outputs
          --service-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-name (string)
          The name of the service whose pipeline's outputs you want.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A  token that indicates the location of the next output in the array
          of outputs, after the current requested list of outputs.

       outputs -> (list)
          An array of service pipeline Infrastructure as Code (IaC) outputs.

          (structure)
              An infrastructure as code defined resource output.

              key -> (string)
                 The output key.

              valueString -> (string)
                 The output value.



                                               LIST-SERVICE-PIPELINE-OUTPUTS()
