LIST-SERVICE-INSTANCE-PROVISIONEDLIST-SERVICE-INSTANCE-PROVISIONED-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-service-instance-provisioned-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       List provisioned resources for a service instance with details.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-service-instance-provisioned-resources  is  a paginated operation.
       Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the  entire  data
       set  of results. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-pagi-
       nate argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on  a
       paginated response, the --query argument must extract data from the re-
       sults of the following query expressions: provisionedResources

SYNOPSIS
            list-service-instance-provisioned-resources
          --service-instance-name <value>
          --service-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-instance-name (string)
          The service instance name.

       --service-name (string)
          The service name.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A token to indicate the location of the next provisioned resource in
          the array of provisioned resources, after the current requested list
          of provisioned resources.

       provisionedResources -> (list)
          An array of provisioned resources for a service instance.

          (structure)
              Detail data for a provisioned resource.

              identifier -> (string)
                 The provisioned resource identifier.

              name -> (string)
                 The provisioned resource name.

              provisioningEngine -> (string)
                 The resource provisioning engine.

                 WARNING:
                     Provisioning by pull request is currently in feature pre-
                     view  and is only usable with Terraform based Proton Tem-
                     plates. To learn more about Amazon Web  Services  Feature
                     Preview terms , see section 2 on Beta and Previews.



                                 LIST-SERVICE-INSTANCE-PROVISIONED-RESOURCES()
