LIST-REPOSITORY-SYNC-DEFINITIONS()          LIST-REPOSITORY-SYNC-DEFINITIONS()



NAME
       list-repository-sync-definitions -

DESCRIPTION
       List repository sync definitions with detail data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-repository-sync-definitions is a paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: syncDefinitions

SYNOPSIS
            list-repository-sync-definitions
          --repository-name <value>
          --repository-provider <value>
          --sync-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The repository name.

       --repository-provider (string)
          The repository provider.

          Possible values:

          o GITHUB

          o GITHUB_ENTERPRISE

          o BITBUCKET

       --sync-type (string)
          The sync type. The only supported value is TEMPLATE_SYNC .

          Possible values:

          o TEMPLATE_SYNC

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A token to indicate the location of the next repository sync defini-
          tion  in the array of repository sync definitions, after the current
          requested list of repository sync definitions.

       syncDefinitions -> (list)
          An array of repository sync definitions.

          (structure)
              The repository sync definition.

              branch -> (string)
                 The repository branch.

              directory -> (string)
                 The directory in the repository.

              parent -> (string)
                 The resource that is synced from.

              target -> (string)
                 The resource that is synced to.



                                            LIST-REPOSITORY-SYNC-DEFINITIONS()
