LIST-SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()              LIST-SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-service-template-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       List major or minor versions of a service template with detail data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-service-template-versions  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: templateVersions

SYNOPSIS
            list-service-template-versions
          [--major-version <value>]
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --major-version (string)
          To view a list of minor of versions under a major version of a  ser-
          vice template, include major Version .

          To view a list of major versions of a service template, exclude  ma-
          jor Version .

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the service template.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A token to indicate the location of the next major or minor  version
          in the array of major or minor versions of a service template, after
          the current requested list of service major or minor versions.

       templateVersions -> (list)
          An array of major or minor versions of a service template  with  de-
          tail data.

          (structure)
              A summary of the service template version detail data.

              arn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the version of a service
                 template.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the version of a service template was created.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the version of a service template.

              lastModifiedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the version of a service template was last mod-
                 ified.

              majorVersion -> (string)
                 The  latest  major version that's associated with the version
                 of a service template.

              minorVersion -> (string)
                 The minor version of a service template.

              recommendedMinorVersion -> (string)
                 The recommended minor version of the service template.

              status -> (string)
                 The service template minor version status.

              statusMessage -> (string)
                 A service template minor version status message.

              templateName -> (string)
                 The name of the service template.



                                              LIST-SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()
