LIST-COMPONENT-OUTPUTS()                              LIST-COMPONENT-OUTPUTS()



NAME
       list-component-outputs -

DESCRIPTION
       Get a list of component Infrastructure as Code (IaC) outputs.

       For  more  information  about  components, see Proton components in the
       Proton Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-component-outputs is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: outputs

SYNOPSIS
            list-component-outputs
          --component-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --component-name (string)
          The name of the component whose outputs you want.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A token that indicates the location of the next output in the  array
          of outputs, after the list of outputs that was previously requested.

       outputs -> (list)
          An array of component Infrastructure as Code (IaC) outputs.

          (structure)
              An infrastructure as code defined resource output.

              key -> (string)
                 The output key.

              valueString -> (string)
                 The output value.



                                                      LIST-COMPONENT-OUTPUTS()
