LIST-COMPONENT-PROVISIONED-RESOURCES()  LIST-COMPONENT-PROVISIONED-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-component-provisioned-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       List provisioned resources for a component with details.

       For  more  information  about  components, see Proton components in the
       Proton Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-component-provisioned-resources is a paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: provisionedResources

SYNOPSIS
            list-component-provisioned-resources
          --component-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --component-name (string)
          The name of the component whose provisioned resources you want.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          A token that indicates the location of the next provisioned resource
          in  the  array of provisioned resources, after the current requested
          list of provisioned resources.

       provisionedResources -> (list)
          An array of provisioned resources for a component.

          (structure)
              Detail data for a provisioned resource.

              identifier -> (string)
                 The provisioned resource identifier.

              name -> (string)
                 The provisioned resource name.

              provisioningEngine -> (string)
                 The resource provisioning engine. At this  time,  CLOUDFORMA-
                 TION  can  be used for Amazon Web Services-managed provision-
                 ing, and TERRAFORM can be used for self-managed provisioning.

                 For more information, see Self-managed  provisioning  in  the
                 Proton Administrator Guide .



                                        LIST-COMPONENT-PROVISIONED-RESOURCES()
