EXPORT-CERTIFICATE()                                      EXPORT-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       export-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Exports a private certificate issued by a private certificate authority
       (CA) for use anywhere. The exported file contains the certificate,  the
       certificate  chain,  and the encrypted private 2048-bit RSA key associ-
       ated with the public key that is embedded in the certificate. For secu-
       rity,  you  must assign a passphrase for the private key when exporting
       it.

       For information about exporting and formatting a certificate using  the
       ACM console or CLI, see Export a Private Certificate .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-certificate
          --certificate-arn <value>
          --passphrase <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          An  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the issued certificate. This must
          be of the form:
              arn:aws:acm:region:account:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

       --passphrase (blob)
          Passphrase  to associate with the encrypted exported private key. If
          you want to later  decrypt  the  private  key,  you  must  have  the
          passphrase.  You  can use the following OpenSSL command to decrypt a
          private key:
              openssl rsa -in encrypted_key.pem -out decrypted_key.pem

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To export a private certificate issued by a private CA.

       The following export-certificate command exports a private certificate,
       certificate chain, and private key to your display:

          aws acm export-certificate --certificate-arn arn:aws:acm:region:account:certificate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --passphrase file://path-to-passphrase-file

       To export the certificate, chain, and private key to a local file,  use
       the following command:

          aws acm export-certificate --certificate-arn arn:aws:acm:region:sccount:certificate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --passphrase file://path-to-passphrase-file > c:\temp\export.txt

OUTPUT
       Certificate -> (string)
          The base64 PEM-encoded certificate.

       CertificateChain -> (string)
          The  base64 PEM-encoded certificate chain. This does not include the
          certificate that you are exporting.

       PrivateKey -> (string)
          The encrypted private key associated with the public key in the cer-
          tificate.  The key is output in PKCS #8 format and is base64 PEM-en-
          coded.



                                                          EXPORT-CERTIFICATE()
