IMPORT-CERTIFICATE()                                      IMPORT-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       import-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Imports  a  certificate  into  Amazon  Web Services Certificate Manager
       (ACM) to use with services that are  integrated  with  ACM.  Note  that
       integrated  services allow only certificate types and keys they support
       to be associated with their resources. Further, their  support  differs
       depending  on whether the certificate is imported into IAM or into ACM.
       For more information, see the documentation for each service. For  more
       information  about  importing certificates into ACM, see Importing Cer-
       tificates in the Amazon Web Services Certificate Manager User Guide .

       NOTE:
          ACM does not provide managed renewal for certificates that  you  im-
          port.

       Note the following guidelines when importing third party certificates:

       o You  must  enter the private key that matches the certificate you are
         importing.

       o The private key must be unencrypted. You cannot import a private  key
         that is protected by a password or a passphrase.

       o The private key must be no larger than 5 KB (5,120 bytes).

       o If the certificate you are importing is not self-signed, you must en-
         ter its certificate chain.

       o If a certificate chain is included, the issuer must be the subject of
         one of the certificates in the chain.

       o The  certificate,  private key, and certificate chain must be PEM-en-
         coded.

       o The current time must be between the Not Before and  Not  After  cer-
         tificate fields.

       o The Issuer field must not be empty.

       o The OCSP authority URL, if present, must not exceed 1000 characters.

       o To  import  a  new certificate, omit the CertificateArn argument. In-
         clude this argument only when you want to replace  a  previously  im-
         ported certificate.

       o When  you import a certificate by using the CLI, you must specify the
         certificate, the certificate chain, and the private key by their file
         names  preceded by fileb:// . For example, you can specify a certifi-
         cate  saved  in  the  C:\temp  folder   as   fileb://C:\temp\certifi-
         cate_to_import.pem  .  If  you  are making an HTTP or HTTPS Query re-
         quest, include these arguments as BLOBs.

       o When you import a certificate by using an SDK, you must  specify  the
         certificate,  the certificate chain, and the private key files in the
         manner required by the programming language you're using.

       o The cryptographic algorithm of an imported certificate must match the
         algorithm  of the signing CA. For example, if the signing CA key type
         is RSA, then the certificate key type must also be RSA.

       This operation returns the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  imported
       certificate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-certificate
          [--certificate-arn <value>]
          --certificate <value>
          --private-key <value>
          [--certificate-chain <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of an imported certificate to re-
          place. To import a new certificate, omit this field.

       --certificate (blob)
          The certificate to import.

       --private-key (blob)
          The private key that matches the public key in the certificate.

       --certificate-chain (blob)
          The PEM encoded certificate chain.

       --tags (list)
          One or more resource tags to associate with  the  imported  certifi-
          cate.

          Note: You cannot apply tags when reimporting a certificate.

          (structure)
              A  key-value pair that identifies or specifies metadata about an
              ACM resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CertificateArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the imported certificate.



                                                          IMPORT-CERTIFICATE()
