LIST-TAGS-FOR-CERTIFICATE()                        LIST-TAGS-FOR-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  tags that have been applied to the ACM certificate. Use the
       certificate's Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to specify the certificate. To
       add  a tag to an ACM certificate, use the  AddTagsToCertificate action.
       To delete a tag, use the  RemoveTagsFromCertificate action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-certificate
          --certificate-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          String that contains the ARN of the ACM certificate  for  which  you
          want to list the tags. This must have the following form:
              arn:aws:acm:region:123456789012:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the tags applied to an ACM Certificate

       The following list-tags-for-certificate command lists the tags  applied
       to a certificate in your account:

          aws acm list-tags-for-certificate --certificate-arn arn:aws:acm:region:account:certificate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

       The preceding command produces output similar to the following:

          {
            "Tags": [
                {
                    "Value": "Website",
                    "Key": "Purpose"
                },
                {
                    "Value": "Alice",
                    "Key": "Admin"
                }
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The key-value pairs that define the applied tags.

          (structure)
              A  key-value pair that identifies or specifies metadata about an
              ACM resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.



                                                   LIST-TAGS-FOR-CERTIFICATE()
