RENEW-CERTIFICATE()                                        RENEW-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       renew-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Renews an eligible ACM certificate. At this time, only exported private
       certificates can be renewed with this operation. In order to renew your
       ACM  PCA  certificates  with  ACM, you must first grant the ACM service
       principal permission to do so . For more information, see Testing  Man-
       aged Renewal in the ACM User Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            renew-certificate
          --certificate-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          String  that  contains the ARN of the ACM certificate to be renewed.
          This must be of the form:
              arn:aws:acm:region:123456789012:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           RENEW-CERTIFICATE()
