REQUEST-CERTIFICATE()                                    REQUEST-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       request-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Requests an ACM certificate for use with other Amazon Web Services ser-
       vices. To request an ACM certificate, you must specify a  fully  quali-
       fied domain name (FQDN) in the DomainName parameter. You can also spec-
       ify additional FQDNs in the SubjectAlternativeNames parameter.

       If you are requesting a private certificate, domain validation  is  not
       required.  If you are requesting a public certificate, each domain name
       that you specify must be validated to verify that you  own  or  control
       the  domain. You can use DNS validation or email validation . We recom-
       mend that you use DNS validation. ACM issues public certificates  after
       receiving approval from the domain owner.

       NOTE:
          ACM           behavior           differs           from          the
          https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6125#appendix-B.2 RFC 6125 specifica-
          tion  of the certificate validation process. first checks for a sub-
          ject alternative name, and, if it finds one, ignores the common name
          (CN)

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            request-certificate
          --domain-name <value>
          [--validation-method <value>]
          [--subject-alternative-names <value>]
          [--idempotency-token <value>]
          [--domain-validation-options <value>]
          [--options <value>]
          [--certificate-authority-arn <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          Fully  qualified  domain  name (FQDN), such as www.example.com, that
          you want to secure with an ACM certificate. Use an asterisk  (*)  to
          create  a  wildcard  certificate  that protects several sites in the
          same domain. For example,
          *
          .example.com protects  www.example.com,  site.example.com,  and  im-
          ages.example.com.

          The  first  domain name you enter cannot exceed 64 octets, including
          periods. Each subsequent Subject Alternative  Name  (SAN),  however,
          can be up to 253 octets in length.

       --validation-method (string)
          The  method  you want to use if you are requesting a public certifi-
          cate to validate that you own or control domain.  You  can  validate
          with DNS or validate with email . We recommend that you use DNS val-
          idation.

          Possible values:

          o EMAIL

          o DNS

       --subject-alternative-names (list)
          Additional FQDNs to be included in the Subject Alternative Name  ex-
          tension  of the ACM certificate. For example, add the name www.exam-
          ple.net to a certificate for which the DomainName field is www.exam-
          ple.com if users can reach your site by using either name. The maxi-
          mum number of domain names that you can add to an ACM certificate is
          100. However, the initial quota is 10 domain names. If you need more
          than 10 names, you must request a quota increase. For more  informa-
          tion, see Quotas .

          The maximum length of a SAN DNS name is 253 octets. The name is made
          up of multiple labels separated by periods. No label can  be  longer
          than 63 octets. Consider the following examples:

          o (63  octets).(63  octets).(63 octets).(61 octets) is legal because
            the total length is 253 octets (63+1+63+1+63+1+61)  and  no  label
            exceeds 63 octets.

          o (64  octets).(63  octets).(63 octets).(61 octets) is not legal be-
            cause the total length exceeds 253 octets (64+1+63+1+63+1+61)  and
            the first label exceeds 63 octets.

          o (63  octets).(63  octets).(63 octets).(62 octets) is not legal be-
            cause the total length of the DNS name (63+1+63+1+63+1+62) exceeds
            253 octets.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --idempotency-token (string)
          Customer chosen string that can be used to distinguish between calls
          to RequestCertificate . Idempotency tokens time out after one  hour.
          Therefore,  if  you  call RequestCertificate multiple times with the
          same idempotency token within one hour, ACM recognizes that you  are
          requesting  only  one  certificate  and  will issue only one. If you
          change the idempotency token for each call, ACM recognizes that  you
          are requesting multiple certificates.

       --domain-validation-options (list)
          The  domain name that you want ACM to use to send you emails so that
          you can validate domain ownership.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the domain names that you want ACM to
              use to send you emails that enable you to validate domain owner-
              ship.

              DomainName -> (string)
                 A fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in the  certificate  re-
                 quest.

              ValidationDomain -> (string)
                 The  domain name that you want ACM to use to send you valida-
                 tion emails. This domain name is the suffix of the email  ad-
                 dresses  that  you  want ACM to use. This must be the same as
                 the DomainName value  or  a  superdomain  of  the  DomainName
                 value.  For  example,  if you request a certificate for test-
                 ing.example.com , you can specify example.com for this value.
                 In  that case, ACM sends domain validation emails to the fol-
                 lowing five addresses:

                 o admin@example.com

                 o administrator@example.com

                 o hostmaster@example.com

                 o postmaster@example.com

                 o webmaster@example.com

       Shorthand Syntax:

          DomainName=string,ValidationDomain=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "DomainName": "string",
              "ValidationDomain": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --options (structure)
          Currently, you can use this parameter to specify whether to add  the
          certificate to a certificate transparency log. Certificate transpar-
          ency makes it possible to detect SSL/TLS certificates that have been
          mistakenly  or  maliciously  issued. Certificates that have not been
          logged typically produce an error message in a browser. For more in-
          formation, see Opting Out of Certificate Transparency Logging .

          CertificateTransparencyLoggingPreference -> (string)
              You  can opt out of certificate transparency logging by specify-
              ing the DISABLED option. Opt in by specifying ENABLED .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          CertificateTransparencyLoggingPreference=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "CertificateTransparencyLoggingPreference": "ENABLED"|"DISABLED"
          }

       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the private certificate  authority
          (CA)  that will be used to issue the certificate. If you do not pro-
          vide an ARN and you are trying to request a private certificate, ACM
          will  attempt  to  issue  a public certificate. For more information
          about private CAs, see the Amazon Web Services  Certificate  Manager
          Private  Certificate  Authority  (PCA) user guide. The ARN must have
          the following form:
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region:account:certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

       --tags (list)
          One or more resource tags to associate with the certificate.

          (structure)
              A  key-value pair that identifies or specifies metadata about an
              ACM resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To request a new ACM certificate

       The following request-certificate command requests  a  new  certificate
       for the www.example.com domain using DNS validation:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name www.example.com --validation-method DNS

       You  can enter an idempotency token to distinguish between calls to re-
       quest-certificate:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name www.example.com --validation-method DNS --idempotency-token 91adc45q

       You can enter one or more subject alternative names to request  a  cer-
       tificate that will protect more than one apex domain:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name example.com --validation-method DNS --idempotency-token 91adc45q --subject-alternative-names www.example.net

       You  can  enter an alternative name that can also be used to reach your
       website:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name example.com --validation-method DNS --idempotency-token 91adc45q --subject-alternative-names www.example.com

       You can use an asterisk (*) as a wildcard to create a  certificate  for
       several subdomains in the same domain:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name example.com --validation-method DNS --idempotency-token 91adc45q --subject-alternative-names *.example.com

       You can also enter multiple alternative names:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name example.com --validation-method DNS --subject-alternative-names b.example.com c.example.com d.example.com

       If  you are using email for validation, you can enter domain validation
       options to specify the domain to which the  validation  email  will  be
       sent:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name example.com --validation-method EMAIL --subject-alternative-names www.example.com --domain-validation-options DomainName=example.com,ValidationDomain=example.com

       The following command opts out of certificate transparency logging when
       you request a new certificate:

          aws acm request-certificate --domain-name www.example.com --validation-method DNS --options CertificateTransparencyLoggingPreference=DISABLED --idempotency-token 184627

OUTPUT
       CertificateArn -> (string)
          String that contains the ARN of the issued certificate. This must be
          of the form:
              arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012



                                                         REQUEST-CERTIFICATE()
