RESEND-VALIDATION-EMAIL()                            RESEND-VALIDATION-EMAIL()



NAME
       resend-validation-email -

DESCRIPTION
       Resends the email that requests domain ownership validation. The domain
       owner or an authorized representative must approve the ACM  certificate
       before  it can be issued. The certificate can be approved by clicking a
       link in the mail to navigate to the Amazon certificate approval website
       and  then  clicking  I  Approve  . However, the validation email can be
       blocked by spam filters. Therefore, if you do not receive the  original
       mail,  you  can  request that the mail be resent within 72 hours of re-
       questing the ACM certificate. If more than 72 hours have elapsed  since
       your  original  request or since your last attempt to resend validation
       mail, you must request a new certificate. For  more  information  about
       setting  up  your contact email addresses, see Configure Email for your
       Domain .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resend-validation-email
          --certificate-arn <value>
          --domain <value>
          --validation-domain <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          String that contains the ARN of the requested certificate. The  cer-
          tificate  ARN  is  generated and returned by the  RequestCertificate
          action as soon as the request is made. By default, using this param-
          eter  causes email to be sent to all top-level domains you specified
          in the certificate request. The ARN must be of the form:
              arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:123456789012:certifi-
              cate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

       --domain (string)
          The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the certificate that needs
          to be validated.

       --validation-domain (string)
          The base validation domain that will act as the suffix of the  email
          addresses that are used to send the emails. This must be the same as
          the Domain value or a superdomain of the Domain value. For  example,
          if  you  requested  a certificate for site.subdomain.example.com and
          specify a ValidationDomain  of  subdomain.example.com  ,  ACM  sends
          email  to  the domain registrant, technical contact, and administra-
          tive contact in WHOIS and the following five addresses:

          o admin@subdomain.example.com

          o administrator@subdomain.example.com

          o hostmaster@subdomain.example.com

          o postmaster@subdomain.example.com

          o webmaster@subdomain.example.com

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To resend validation email for your ACM certificate request

       The following resend-validation-email command tells the Amazon certifi-
       cate authority to send validation email to the appropriate addresses:

          aws acm resend-validation-email --certificate-arn arn:aws:acm:region:account:certificate/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --domain www.example.com --validation-domain example.com

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     RESEND-VALIDATION-EMAIL()
