LIST-IP-SETS()                                                  LIST-IP-SETS()



NAME
       list-ip-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information, see AWS
          WAF Classic in the developer guide.
              For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS  WAFV2  API  and
              see  the  AWS WAF Developer Guide . With the latest version, AWS
              WAF has a single set of endpoints for regional and global use.

       Returns an array of  IPSetSummary objects in the response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-ip-sets
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-marker (string)
          AWS WAF returns a NextMarker value in the response that  allows  you
          to list another group of IPSets . For the second and subsequent Lis-
          tIPSets requests, specify the value of NextMarker from the  previous
          response to get information about another batch of IPSets .

       --limit (integer)
          Specifies  the  number of IPSet objects that you want AWS WAF to re-
          turn for this request. If you have more IPSet objects than the  num-
          ber you specify for Limit , the response includes a NextMarker value
          that you can use to get another batch of IPSet objects.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          To  list  more IPSet objects, submit another ListIPSets request, and
          in the next  request  use  the  NextMarker  response  value  as  the
          NextMarker value.

       IPSets -> (list)
          An array of  IPSetSummary objects.

          (structure)

              NOTE:
                 This  is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information,
                 see AWS WAF Classic in the developer guide.
                     For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS WAFV2 API
                     and  see  the  AWS  WAF Developer Guide . With the latest
                     version, AWS WAF has a single set of  endpoints  for  re-
                     gional and global use.

              Contains the identifier and the name of the IPSet .

              IPSetId -> (string)
                 The  IPSetId  for  an   IPSet  .  You  can  use  IPSetId in a
                 GetIPSet request to get detailed information about an   IPSet
                 .

              Name -> (string)
                 A  friendly  name  or  description  of the  IPSet . You can't
                 change the name of an IPSet after you create it.



                                                                LIST-IP-SETS()
