TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information, see AWS
          WAF Classic in the developer guide.
              For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS  WAFV2  API  and
              see  the  AWS WAF Developer Guide . With the latest version, AWS
              WAF has a single set of endpoints for regional and global use.

       Associates tags with the specified AWS  resource.  Tags  are  key:value
       pairs  that  you  can  use to categorize and manage your resources, for
       purposes like billing. For example, you might set the tag key to  "cus-
       tomer" and the value to the customer name or ID. You can specify one or
       more tags to add to each AWS resource, up to 50 tags for a resource.

       Tagging is only available through the API, SDKs,  and  CLI.  You  can't
       manage  or  view  tags through the AWS WAF Classic console. You can use
       this action to tag the AWS resources that you manage  through  AWS  WAF
       Classic: web ACLs, rule groups, and rules.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)

       --tags (list)
          (structure)

              NOTE:
                 This  is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information,
                 see AWS WAF Classic in the developer guide.
                     For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS WAFV2 API
                     and  see  the  AWS  WAF Developer Guide . With the latest
                     version, AWS WAF has a single set of  endpoints  for  re-
                     gional and global use.

              A  tag associated with an AWS resource. Tags are key:value pairs
              that you can use to categorize and manage  your  resources,  for
              purposes like billing. For example, you might set the tag key to
              "customer" and the value to the customer name  or  ID.  You  can
              specify  one  or more tags to add to each AWS resource, up to 50
              tags for a resource.

              Tagging is only available through the API, SDKs,  and  CLI.  You
              can't  manage  or view tags through the AWS WAF Classic console.
              You can tag the AWS resources that you manage  through  AWS  WAF
              Classic: web ACLs, rule groups, and rules.

              Key -> (string)

              Value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
