ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-ROOM()                      ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-ROOM()



NAME
       associate-device-with-room -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  device  with a given room. This applies all the settings
       from the room profile to the device, and all the skills  in  any  skill
       groups added to that room. This operation requires the device to be on-
       line, or else a manual sync is required.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-device-with-room
          [--device-arn <value>]
          [--room-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-arn (string)
          The ARN of the device to associate to a room. Required.

       --room-arn (string)
          The ARN of the room with which to associate the device. Required.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  ASSOCIATE-DEVICE-WITH-ROOM()
