DELETE-NETWORK-PROFILE()                              DELETE-NETWORK-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-network-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a network profile by the network profile ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-network-profile
          --network-profile-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-profile-arn (string)
          The ARN of the network profile associated with a device.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a network profile

       The following delete-network-profile example deletes the specified net-
       work profile.

          aws alexaforbusiness delete-network-profile \
              --network-profile-arn arn:aws:a4b:us-east-1:123456789012:network-profile/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing Network Profiles in  the  Alexa  for
       Business Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-NETWORK-PROFILE()
