DELETE-ROOM-SKILL-PARAMETER()                    DELETE-ROOM-SKILL-PARAMETER()



NAME
       delete-room-skill-parameter -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  room skill parameter details by room, skill, and parameter key
       ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-room-skill-parameter
          [--room-arn <value>]
          --skill-id <value>
          --parameter-key <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --room-arn (string)
          The ARN of the room from which to remove the  room  skill  parameter
          details.

       --skill-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the skill from which to remove the room skill parameter
          details.

       --parameter-key (string)
          The room skill parameter key for which to remove details.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-ROOM-SKILL-PARAMETER()
