RESOLVE-ROOM()                                                  RESOLVE-ROOM()



NAME
       resolve-room -

DESCRIPTION
       Determines  the details for the room from which a skill request was in-
       voked. This operation is used by skill developers.

       To query ResolveRoom from an Alexa skill, the skill ID needs to be  au-
       thorized.  When the skill is using an AWS Lambda function, the skill is
       automatically authorized when you publish your skill as a private skill
       to  your AWS account. Skills that are hosted using a custom web service
       must be manually authorized. To get your skill authorized, contact  AWS
       Support  with  your AWS account ID that queries the ResolveRoom API and
       skill ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resolve-room
          --user-id <value>
          --skill-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-id (string)
          The ARN of the user. Required.

       --skill-id (string)
          The ARN of the skill that was requested. Required.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RoomArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the room from which the skill request was invoked.

       RoomName -> (string)
          The name of the room from which the skill request was invoked.

       RoomSkillParameters -> (list)
          Response to get the room profile request. Required.

          (structure)
              A skill parameter associated with a room.

              ParameterKey -> (string)
                 The parameter key of a room skill parameter. ParameterKey  is
                 an  enumerated type that only takes DEFAULT or SCOPE as valid
                 values.

              ParameterValue -> (string)
                 The parameter value of a room skill parameter.



                                                                RESOLVE-ROOM()
