START-DEVICE-SYNC()                                        START-DEVICE-SYNC()



NAME
       start-device-sync -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets  a  device  and  its account to the known default settings. This
       clears all information and settings set by previous users in  the  fol-
       lowing ways:

       o Bluetooth  - This unpairs all bluetooth devices paired with your echo
         device.

       o Volume - This resets the echo device's volume to the default value.

       o Notifications - This clears all notifications from your echo device.

       o Lists - This clears all to-do items from your echo device.

       o Settings - This internally syncs the room's profile (if the device is
         assigned  to  a room), contacts, address books, delegation access for
         account linking, and communications (if enabled on the room profile).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-device-sync
          [--room-arn <value>]
          [--device-arn <value>]
          --features <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --room-arn (string)
          The ARN of the room with which the device to sync is associated. Re-
          quired.

       --device-arn (string)
          The ARN of the device to sync. Required.

       --features (list)
          Request structure to start the device sync. Required.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            BLUETOOTH
            VOLUME
            NOTIFICATIONS
            LISTS
            SKILLS
            NETWORK_PROFILE
            SETTINGS
            ALL

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           START-DEVICE-SYNC()
