DELETE-VIRTUAL-GATEWAY()                              DELETE-VIRTUAL-GATEWAY()



NAME
       delete-virtual-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an existing virtual gateway. You cannot delete a virtual gate-
       way if any gateway routes are associated to it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-virtual-gateway
          --mesh-name <value>
          [--mesh-owner <value>]
          --virtual-gateway-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --mesh-name (string)
          The name of the service mesh to delete the virtual gateway from.

       --mesh-owner (string)
          The Amazon Web Services IAM account ID of the service mesh owner. If
          the account ID is not your own, then it's the ID of the account that
          shared the mesh with your account. For more information  about  mesh
          sharing, see Working with shared meshes .

       --virtual-gateway-name (string)
          The name of the virtual gateway to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       virtualGateway -> (structure)
          The virtual gateway that was deleted.

          meshName -> (string)
              The name of the service mesh that the  virtual  gateway  resides
              in.

          metadata -> (structure)
              An object that represents metadata for a resource.

              arn -> (string)
                 The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the resource.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 created.

              lastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 last updated.

              meshOwner -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Web  Services IAM account ID of the service mesh
                 owner. If the account ID is not your own, then it's the ID of
                 the  account that shared the mesh with your account. For more
                 information about  mesh  sharing,  see  Working  with  shared
                 meshes .

              resourceOwner -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services IAM account ID of the resource owner.
                 If the account ID is not your own, then it's the  ID  of  the
                 mesh  owner  or  of  another  account that the mesh is shared
                 with. For more information about mesh  sharing,  see  Working
                 with shared meshes .

              uid -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the resource.

              version -> (long)
                 The version of the resource. Resources are created at version
                 1, and this version is incremented each time that they're up-
                 dated.

          spec -> (structure)
              The specifications of the virtual gateway.

              backendDefaults -> (structure)
                 A  reference  to  an  object that represents the defaults for
                 backends.

                 clientPolicy -> (structure)
                     A reference to an object that represents a client policy.

                     tls -> (structure)
                        A reference to an object that represents  a  Transport
                        Layer Security (TLS) client policy.

                        certificate -> (structure)
                            A reference to an object that represents a virtual
                            gateway's client's Transport Layer Security  (TLS)
                            certificate.

                            file -> (structure)
                               An object that represents a local file certifi-
                               cate. The certificate must  meet  specific  re-
                               quirements  and  you must have proxy authoriza-
                               tion  enabled.  For   more   information,   see
                               Transport Layer Security (TLS) .

                               certificateChain -> (string)
                                   The certificate chain for the certificate.

                               privateKey -> (string)
                                   The private key for a certificate stored on
                                   the file system of the mesh  endpoint  that
                                   the proxy is running on.

                            sds -> (structure)
                               A reference to an object that represents a vir-
                               tual gateway's client's Secret  Discovery  Ser-
                               vice certificate.

                               secretName -> (string)
                                   A  reference  to  an object that represents
                                   the name of  the  secret  secret  requested
                                   from  the Secret Discovery Service provider
                                   representing Transport Layer Security (TLS)
                                   materials like a certificate or certificate
                                   chain.

                        enforce -> (boolean)
                            Whether the policy is  enforced.  The  default  is
                            True , if a value isn't specified.

                        ports -> (list)
                            One or more ports that the policy is enforced for.

                            (integer)

                        validation -> (structure)
                            A  reference to an object that represents a Trans-
                            port Layer Security (TLS) validation context.

                            subjectAlternativeNames -> (structure)
                               A reference to an object  that  represents  the
                               SANs  for a virtual gateway's listener's Trans-
                               port Layer Security (TLS) validation context.

                               match -> (structure)
                                   An object that represents the criteria  for
                                   determining a SANs match.

                                   exact -> (list)
                                      The values sent must match the specified
                                      values exactly.

                                      (string)

                            trust -> (structure)
                               A reference to  where  to  retrieve  the  trust
                               chain  when  validating a peers Transport Layer
                               Security (TLS) certificate.

                               acm -> (structure)
                                   A reference to an object that represents  a
                                   Transport  Layer  Security (TLS) validation
                                   context trust for  an  Certificate  Manager
                                   certificate.

                                   certificateAuthorityArns -> (list)
                                      One  or  more  ACM  Amazon Resource Name
                                      (ARN)s.

                                      (string)

                               file -> (structure)
                                   An object that represents a Transport Layer
                                   Security (TLS) validation context trust for
                                   a local file.

                                   certificateChain -> (string)
                                      The certificate trust chain for  a  cer-
                                      tificate  stored  on  the file system of
                                      the virtual node that the proxy is  run-
                                      ning on.

                               sds -> (structure)
                                   A  reference to an object that represents a
                                   virtual gateway's Transport Layer  Security
                                   (TLS)  Secret  Discovery Service validation
                                   context trust.

                                   secretName -> (string)
                                      A reference to an object that represents
                                      the  name  of  the  secret for a virtual
                                      gateway's Transport Layer Security (TLS)
                                      Secret Discovery Service validation con-
                                      text trust.

              listeners -> (list)
                 The listeners that the mesh endpoint is expected  to  receive
                 inbound traffic from. You can specify one listener.

                 (structure)
                     An  object that represents a listener for a virtual gate-
                     way.

                     connectionPool -> (structure)
                        The connection pool information for the virtual  gate-
                        way listener.

                        grpc -> (structure)
                            An  object  that  represents  a type of connection
                            pool.

                            maxRequests -> (integer)
                               Maximum number of inflight requests  Envoy  can
                               concurrently  support  across hosts in upstream
                               cluster.

                        http -> (structure)
                            An object that represents  a  type  of  connection
                            pool.

                            maxConnections -> (integer)
                               Maximum  number of outbound TCP connections En-
                               voy can establish concurrently with  all  hosts
                               in upstream cluster.

                            maxPendingRequests -> (integer)
                               Number  of  overflowing requests after max_con-
                               nections Envoy will queue to upstream cluster.

                        http2 -> (structure)
                            An object that represents  a  type  of  connection
                            pool.

                            maxRequests -> (integer)
                               Maximum  number  of inflight requests Envoy can
                               concurrently support across hosts  in  upstream
                               cluster.

                     healthCheck -> (structure)
                        The health check information for the listener.

                        healthyThreshold -> (integer)
                            The number of consecutive successful health checks
                            that must  occur  before  declaring  the  listener
                            healthy.

                        intervalMillis -> (long)
                            The  time  period  in  milliseconds  between  each
                            health check execution.

                        path -> (string)
                            The destination path for the health check request.
                            This  value is only used if the specified protocol
                            is HTTP or HTTP/2. For any  other  protocol,  this
                            value is ignored.

                        port -> (integer)
                            The destination port for the health check request.
                            This port must  match  the  port  defined  in  the
                            PortMapping for the listener.

                        protocol -> (string)
                            The  protocol for the health check request. If you
                            specify grpc , then your service must  conform  to
                            the GRPC Health Checking Protocol .

                        timeoutMillis -> (long)
                            The  amount  of  time to wait when receiving a re-
                            sponse from the health check, in milliseconds.

                        unhealthyThreshold -> (integer)
                            The number of  consecutive  failed  health  checks
                            that must occur before declaring a virtual gateway
                            unhealthy.

                     portMapping -> (structure)
                        The port mapping information for the listener.

                        port -> (integer)
                            The port used for the port  mapping.  Specify  one
                            protocol.

                        protocol -> (string)
                            The protocol used for the port mapping.

                     tls -> (structure)
                        A reference to an object that represents the Transport
                        Layer Security (TLS) properties for the listener.

                        certificate -> (structure)
                            An object that represents a Transport Layer  Secu-
                            rity (TLS) certificate.

                            acm -> (structure)
                               A  reference  to  an  object that represents an
                               Certificate Manager certificate.

                               certificateArn -> (string)
                                   The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the cer-
                                   tificate.  The  certificate  must meet spe-
                                   cific requirements and you must have  proxy
                                   authorization  enabled.  For  more informa-
                                   tion, see Transport Layer Security (TLS) .

                            file -> (structure)
                               A reference to an object that represents a  lo-
                               cal file certificate.

                               certificateChain -> (string)
                                   The certificate chain for the certificate.

                               privateKey -> (string)
                                   The private key for a certificate stored on
                                   the file system of the mesh  endpoint  that
                                   the proxy is running on.

                            sds -> (structure)
                               A reference to an object that represents a vir-
                               tual gateway's listener's Secret Discovery Ser-
                               vice certificate.

                               secretName -> (string)
                                   A  reference  to  an object that represents
                                   the name of  the  secret  secret  requested
                                   from  the Secret Discovery Service provider
                                   representing Transport Layer Security (TLS)
                                   materials like a certificate or certificate
                                   chain.

                        mode -> (string)
                            Specify one of the following modes.

                            o STRICT  Listener only accepts  connections  with
                              TLS enabled.

                            o PERMISSIVE  Listener accepts connections with or
                              without TLS enabled.

                            o DISABLED   Listener  only  accepts   connections
                              without TLS.

                        validation -> (structure)
                            A reference to an object that represents a virtual
                            gateway's  listener's  Transport  Layer   Security
                            (TLS) validation context.

                            subjectAlternativeNames -> (structure)
                               A  reference  to  an object that represents the
                               SANs for a virtual gateway listener's Transport
                               Layer Security (TLS) validation context.

                               match -> (structure)
                                   An  object that represents the criteria for
                                   determining a SANs match.

                                   exact -> (list)
                                      The values sent must match the specified
                                      values exactly.

                                      (string)

                            trust -> (structure)
                               A  reference  to  where  to  retrieve the trust
                               chain when validating a peers  Transport  Layer
                               Security (TLS) certificate.

                               file -> (structure)
                                   An object that represents a Transport Layer
                                   Security (TLS) validation context trust for
                                   a local file.

                                   certificateChain -> (string)
                                      The  certificate  trust chain for a cer-
                                      tificate stored on the  file  system  of
                                      the  virtual node that the proxy is run-
                                      ning on.

                               sds -> (structure)
                                   A reference to an object that represents  a
                                   virtual   gateway's   listener's  Transport
                                   Layer Security (TLS) Secret Discovery  Ser-
                                   vice validation context trust.

                                   secretName -> (string)
                                      A reference to an object that represents
                                      the name of the  secret  for  a  virtual
                                      gateway's Transport Layer Security (TLS)
                                      Secret Discovery Service validation con-
                                      text trust.

              logging -> (structure)
                 An object that represents logging information.

                 accessLog -> (structure)
                     The access log configuration.

                     file -> (structure)
                        The  file  object  to send virtual gateway access logs
                        to.

                        path -> (string)
                            The file path to write access logs to. You can use
                            /dev/stdout  to  send  access logs to standard out
                            and configure your Envoy container to  use  a  log
                            driver,  such  as  awslogs  , to export the access
                            logs to a  log  storage  service  such  as  Amazon
                            CloudWatch  Logs.  You  can also specify a path in
                            the Envoy container's file  system  to  write  the
                            files to disk.

          status -> (structure)
              The current status of the virtual gateway.

              status -> (string)
                 The current status.

          virtualGatewayName -> (string)
              The name of the virtual gateway.



                                                      DELETE-VIRTUAL-GATEWAY()
