LIST-MESHES()                                                    LIST-MESHES()



NAME
       list-meshes -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of existing service meshes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-meshes  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: meshes

SYNOPSIS
            list-meshes
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list service meshes

       The following list-meshes example lists all of the  service  meshes  in
       the current AWS Region.

          aws appmesh list-meshes

       Output:

          {
              "meshes": [
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:appmesh:us-east-1:123456789012:mesh/app1",
                      "meshName": "app1"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Service  Meshes  in the AWS App Mesh User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       meshes -> (list)
          The list of existing service meshes.

          (structure)
              An object that represents a service mesh returned by a list  op-
              eration.

              arn -> (string)
                 The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service mesh.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 created.

              lastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 last updated.

              meshName -> (string)
                 The name of the service mesh.

              meshOwner -> (string)
                 The  AWS IAM account ID of the service mesh owner. If the ac-
                 count ID is not your own, then it's the  ID  of  the  account
                 that  shared the mesh with your account. For more information
                 about mesh sharing, see Working with shared meshes .

              resourceOwner -> (string)
                 The AWS IAM account ID of the resource owner. If the  account
                 ID  is not your own, then it's the ID of the mesh owner or of
                 another account that the mesh is shared with. For more infor-
                 mation about mesh sharing, see Working with shared meshes .

              version -> (long)
                 The version of the resource. Resources are created at version
                 1, and this version is incremented each time that they're up-
                 dated.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  nextToken value to include in a future ListMeshes request. When
          the results of a ListMeshes request exceed limit , you can use  this
          value  to retrieve the next page of results. This value is null when
          there are no more results to return.



                                                                 LIST-MESHES()
