TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  tags  to  a resource with the specified re-
       sourceArn . If existing tags on a resource aren't specified in the  re-
       quest  parameters, they aren't changed. When a resource is deleted, the
       tags associated with that resource are also deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to add tags to.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to add to the resource. A tag  is  an  array  of  key-value
          pairs.  Tag  keys can have a maximum character length of 128 charac-
          ters, and tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

          (structure)
              Optional metadata that you apply to a resource  to  assist  with
              categorization  and organization. Each tag consists of a key and
              an optional value, both of which you define. Tag keys can have a
              maximum  character  length of 128 characters, and tag values can
              have a maximum length of 256 characters.

              key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key  is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a  tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To tag a resource

       The  following  tag-resource  example  adds the tag key1 with the value
       value1 to the specified resource.

          aws appmesh tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:appmesh:us-east-1:123456789012:mesh/app1 \
              --tags key=key1,value=value1

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
