CREATE-SECRET()                                                CREATE-SECRET()



NAME
       create-secret -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a new secret. A secret is a set of credentials, such as a user
       name and password, that you store in an encrypted form in Secrets  Man-
       ager.  The  secret also includes the connection information to access a
       database or other service, which Secrets Manager doesn't encrypt. A se-
       cret  in Secrets Manager consists of both the protected secret data and
       the important information needed to manage the secret.

       For information about creating a secret in the console,  see  Create  a
       secret .

       To create a secret, you can provide the secret value to be encrypted in
       either the SecretString parameter or the  SecretBinary  parameter,  but
       not both. If you include SecretString or SecretBinary then Secrets Man-
       ager creates an initial secret version and automatically  attaches  the
       staging label AWSCURRENT to it.

       If  you  don't  specify an KMS encryption key, Secrets Manager uses the
       Amazon Web Services  managed  key  aws/secretsmanager  .  If  this  key
       doesn't  already exist in your account, then Secrets Manager creates it
       for you automatically. All users and roles in the Amazon  Web  Services
       account  automatically have access to use aws/secretsmanager . Creating
       aws/secretsmanager can result in a one-time significant  delay  in  re-
       turning the result.

       If  the  secret  is in a different Amazon Web Services account from the
       credentials calling the API, then you can't use  aws/secretsmanager  to
       encrypt  the secret, and you must create and use a customer managed KMS
       key.
          Required permissions:  secretsmanager:CreateSecret . For more infor-
          mation,   see   IAM   policy   actions   for   Secrets  Manager  and
          Authentication and access control in Secrets Manager .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-secret
          --name <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--description <value>]
          [--kms-key-id <value>]
          [--secret-binary <value>]
          [--secret-string <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--add-replica-regions <value>]
          [--force-overwrite-replica-secret | --no-force-overwrite-replica-secret]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the new secret.

          The secret name can contain ASCII letters, numbers, and the  follow-
          ing characters: /_+=.@-

          Do  not  end  your secret name with a hyphen followed by six charac-
          ters. If you do so, you risk confusion and unexpected  results  when
          searching for a secret by partial ARN. Secrets Manager automatically
          adds a hyphen and six random characters after the secret name at the
          end of the ARN.

       --client-request-token (string)
          If  you  include SecretString or SecretBinary , then Secrets Manager
          creates an initial version for the secret, and this parameter speci-
          fies the unique identifier for the new version.

          NOTE:
              If  you use the Amazon Web Services CLI or one of the Amazon Web
              Services SDKs to call this operation, then you  can  leave  this
              parameter  empty. The CLI or SDK generates a random UUID for you
              and includes it as the value for this parameter in the  request.
              If you don't use the SDK and instead generate a raw HTTP request
              to the Secrets Manager service endpoint, then you must  generate
              a  ClientRequestToken  yourself  for the new version and include
              the value in the request.

          This value helps ensure idempotency. Secrets Manager uses this value
          to  prevent  the  accidental creation of duplicate versions if there
          are failures and retries during a rotation. We  recommend  that  you
          generate  a  UUID-type  value  to ensure uniqueness of your versions
          within the specified secret.

          o If the ClientRequestToken value isn't already  associated  with  a
            version of the secret then a new version of the secret is created.

          o If  a  version  with this value already exists and the version Se-
            cretString and SecretBinary values are the same as  those  in  the
            request, then the request is ignored.

          o If a version with this value already exists and that version's Se-
            cretString and SecretBinary values are different from those in the
            request,  then  the request fails because you cannot modify an ex-
            isting version. Instead, use  PutSecretValue to create a new  ver-
            sion.

          This value becomes the VersionId of the new version.

       --description (string)
          The description of the secret.

       --kms-key-id (string)
          The  ARN,  key ID, or alias of the KMS key that Secrets Manager uses
          to encrypt the secret value in the secret.

          To use a KMS key in a different account, use  the  key  ARN  or  the
          alias ARN.

          If  you  don't specify this value, then Secrets Manager uses the key
          aws/secretsmanager . If that key doesn't  yet  exist,  then  Secrets
          Manager  creates it for you automatically the first time it encrypts
          the secret value.

          If the secret is in a different Amazon Web Services account from the
          credentials  calling  the API, then you can't use aws/secretsmanager
          to encrypt the secret, and you must create and use a  customer  man-
          aged KMS key.

       --secret-binary (blob)
          The  binary  data to encrypt and store in the new version of the se-
          cret. We recommend that you store your binary data  in  a  file  and
          then pass the contents of the file as a parameter.

          Either SecretString or SecretBinary must have a value, but not both.

          This parameter is not available in the Secrets Manager console.

       --secret-string (string)
          The  text  data  to encrypt and store in this new version of the se-
          cret. We recommend you use a JSON structure of key/value  pairs  for
          your secret value.

          Either SecretString or SecretBinary must have a value, but not both.

          If you create a secret by using the Secrets Manager console then Se-
          crets Manager puts the protected secret text  in  only  the  Secret-
          String parameter. The Secrets Manager console stores the information
          as a JSON structure of key/value pairs that a Lambda rotation  func-
          tion can parse.

       --tags (list)
          A  list of tags to attach to the secret. Each tag is a key and value
          pair of strings in a JSON text string, for example:
              [{"Key":"CostCenter","Value":"12345"},{"Key":"environ-
              ment","Value":"production"}]

          Secrets Manager tag key names are case sensitive. A tag with the key
          "ABC" is a different tag from one with key "abc".

          If you check tags in permissions policies as part of  your  security
          strategy,  then  adding or removing a tag can change permissions. If
          the completion of this operation would result  in  you  losing  your
          permissions  for this secret, then Secrets Manager blocks the opera-
          tion and returns an Access Denied error. For more  information,  see
          Control  access to secrets using tags and Limit access to identities
          with tags that match secrets' tags .

          For information about how to format a JSON parameter for the various
          command  line  tool environments, see Using JSON for Parameters . If
          your command-line tool or SDK requires quotation  marks  around  the
          parameter,  you should use single quotes to avoid confusion with the
          double quotes required in the JSON text.

          The following restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per secret: 50

          o Maximum key length: 127 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Maximum value length: 255 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          o Do not use the aws: prefix in your tag  names  or  values  because
            Amazon  Web  Services reserves it for Amazon Web Services use. You
            can't edit or delete tag names or values with  this  prefix.  Tags
            with this prefix do not count against your tags per secret limit.

          o If  you  use  your tagging schema across multiple services and re-
            sources, other services might have restrictions on allowed charac-
            ters.  Generally  allowed characters: letters, spaces, and numbers
            representable in UTF-8, plus the following special characters: + -
            = . _ : / @.

          (structure)
              A structure that contains information about a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The string value associated with the key of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --add-replica-regions (list)
          A list of Regions and KMS keys to replicate secrets.

          (structure)
              A  custom  type  that  specifies a Region and the KmsKeyId for a
              replica secret.

              Region -> (string)
                 A Region code. For a list of Region codes, see Name and  code
                 of Regions .

              KmsKeyId -> (string)
                 The  ARN,  key ID, or alias of the KMS key to encrypt the se-
                 cret. If you don't include this field, Secrets  Manager  uses
                 aws/secretsmanager .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Region=string,KmsKeyId=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Region": "string",
              "KmsKeyId": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --force-overwrite-replica-secret  | --no-force-overwrite-replica-secret
       (boolean)
          Specifies whether to overwrite a secret with the same  name  in  the
          destination Region.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To create a secret

       The following create-secret example creates a secret with two key-value
       pairs.

          aws secretsmanager create-secret \
              --name MyTestSecret \
              --description "My test secret created with the CLI." \
              --secret-string "{\"user\":\"diegor\",\"password\":\"EXAMPLE-PASSWORD\"}"

       Output:

          {
            "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3",
            "Name": "MyTestSecret",
            "VersionId": "EXAMPLE1-90ab-cdef-fedc-ba987EXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more  information, see Create a secret in the Secrets Manager User
       Guide.

       Example 2: To create a secret from credentials in a JSON file

       The following create-secret example creates a secret  from  credentials
       in  a file. For more information, see Loading AWS CLI parameters from a
       file in the AWS CLI User Guide.

          aws secretsmanager create-secret \
              --name MyTestSecret \
              --secret-string file://mycreds.json

       Contents of mycreds.json:

          {
            "engine": "mysql",
            "username": "saanvis",
            "password": "EXAMPLE-PASSWORD",
            "host": "my-database-endpoint.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com",
            "dbname": "myDatabase",
            "port": "3306"
          }

       Output:

          {
            "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3",
            "Name": "MyTestSecret",
            "VersionId": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111"
          }

       For more information, see Create a secret in the Secrets  Manager  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       ARN -> (string)
          The  ARN  of the new secret. The ARN includes the name of the secret
          followed by six random characters. This ensures that if you create a
          new  secret  with the same name as a deleted secret, then users with
          access to the old secret don't get access to the new secret  because
          the ARNs are different.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the new secret.

       VersionId -> (string)
          The unique identifier associated with the version of the new secret.

       ReplicationStatus -> (list)
          A list of the replicas of this secret and their status:

          o Failed , which indicates that the replica was not created.

          o InProgress  ,  which  indicates  that  Secrets  Manager  is in the
            process of creating the replica.

          o InSync , which indicates that the replica was created.

          (structure)
              A replication object consisting of a RegionReplicationStatus ob-
              ject  and  includes  a Region, KMSKeyId, status, and status mes-
              sage.

              Region -> (string)
                 The Region where replication occurs.

              KmsKeyId -> (string)
                 Can be an ARN , Key ID , or Alias .

              Status -> (string)
                 The status can be InProgress , Failed , or InSync .

              StatusMessage -> (string)
                 Status message such as "Secret with this name already  exists
                 in this region ".

              LastAccessedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that you last accessed the secret in the Region.



                                                               CREATE-SECRET()
