DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()                              DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the resource-based permission policy attached to the secret. To
       attach a policy to a secret, use  PutResourcePolicy .
          Required  permissions:   secretsmanager:DeleteResourcePolicy  .  For
          more  information,  see  IAM  policy actions for Secrets Manager and
          Authentication and access control in Secrets Manager .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-policy
          --secret-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The ARN or name of the secret to delete the attached  resource-based
          policy for.

          For an ARN, we recommend that you specify a complete ARN rather than
          a partial ARN. See Finding a secret from a partial ARN .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete the resource-based policy attached to a secret

       The following delete-resource-policy example deletes the resource-based
       policy attached to a secret.

          aws secretsmanager delete-resource-policy \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret

       Output:

          {
              "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3",
              "Name": "MyTestSecret"
          }

       For more information, see Authentication and access control in the  Se-
       crets Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ARN -> (string)
          The  ARN  of  the  secret that the resource-based policy was deleted
          for.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the secret that the resource-based  policy  was  deleted
          for.



                                                      DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()
