RESTORE-SECRET()                                              RESTORE-SECRET()



NAME
       restore-secret -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  the scheduled deletion of a secret by removing the DeletedDate
       time stamp. You can access a secret again after it has been restored.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            restore-secret
          --secret-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The ARN or name of the secret to restore.

          For an ARN, we recommend that you specify a complete ARN rather than
          a partial ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To restore a previously deleted secret

       The  following restore-secret example restores a secret that was previ-
       ously scheduled for deletion.

          aws secretsmanager restore-secret \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret

       Output:

          {
              "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3",
              "Name": "MyTestSecret"
          }

       For more information, see Delete a secret in the Secrets  Manager  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       ARN -> (string)
          The ARN of the secret that was restored.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the secret that was restored.



                                                              RESTORE-SECRET()
