STOP-REPLICATION-TO-REPLICA()                    STOP-REPLICATION-TO-REPLICA()



NAME
       stop-replication-to-replica -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the link between the replica secret and the primary secret and
       promotes the replica to a primary secret in the replica Region.

       You must call this operation from the Region in which you want to  pro-
       mote the replica to a primary secret.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-replication-to-replica
          --secret-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The ARN of the primary secret.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To promote a replica secret to a primary

       The  following stop-replication-to-replica example removes the link be-
       tween a replica secret to the primary. The replica secret  is  promoted
       to  a primary secret in the replica region. You must call stop-replica-
       tion-to-replica from within the replica region.

          aws secretsmanager stop-replication-to-replica \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret

       Output:

          {
              "ARN": "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:MyTestSecret-a1b2c3"
          }

       For more information, see Promote a replica secret in the Secrets  Man-
       ager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ARN -> (string)
          The  ARN of the promoted secret. The ARN is the same as the original
          primary secret except the Region is changed.



                                                 STOP-REPLICATION-TO-REPLICA()
