TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches tags to a secret. Tags consist of a key name and a value. Tags
       are part of the secret's metadata. They are not  associated  with  spe-
       cific versions of the secret. This operation appends tags to the exist-
       ing list of tags.

       The following restrictions apply to tags:

       o Maximum number of tags per secret: 50

       o Maximum key length: 127 Unicode characters in UTF-8

       o Maximum value length: 255 Unicode characters in UTF-8

       o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

       o Do not use the aws: prefix in your tag names or values because Amazon
         Web  Services reserves it for Amazon Web Services use. You can't edit
         or delete tag names or values with this prefix. Tags with this prefix
         do not count against your tags per secret limit.

       o If  you  use  your  tagging  schema  across multiple services and re-
         sources, other services might have restrictions  on  allowed  charac-
         ters. Generally allowed characters: letters, spaces, and numbers rep-
         resentable in UTF-8, plus the following special characters: + - = . _
         : / @.

       WARNING:
              If  you  use tags as part of your security strategy, then adding
              or removing a tag can change permissions. If  successfully  com-
              pleting  this  operation would result in you losing your permis-
              sions for this secret, then the operation is blocked and returns
              an Access Denied error.

          Required  permissions:  secretsmanager:TagResource . For more infor-
          mation,  see  IAM   policy   actions   for   Secrets   Manager   and
          Authentication and access control in Secrets Manager .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --secret-id <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The identifier for the secret to attach tags to. You can specify ei-
          ther the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) or the friendly name of the  se-
          cret.

          For an ARN, we recommend that you specify a complete ARN rather than
          a partial ARN. See Finding a secret from a partial ARN .

       --tags (list)
          The tags to attach to the secret as a  JSON  text  string  argument.
          Each element in the list consists of a Key and a Value .

          For  storing  multiple values, we recommend that you use a JSON text
          string argument and specify key/value pairs. For  more  information,
          see  Specifying  parameter values for the Amazon Web Services CLI in
          the Amazon Web Services CLI User Guide.

          (structure)
              A structure that contains information about a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The string value associated with the key of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To add a tag to a secret

       The following example shows how to attach a tag with shorthand syntax.

          aws secretsmanager tag-resource \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret \
              --tags Key=FirstTag,Value=FirstValue

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tag your secrets in the Secrets Manager  User
       Guide.

       Example 2: To add multiple tags to a secret

       The following tag-resource example attaches two key-value tags to a se-
       cret.

          aws secretsmanager tag-resource \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret \
              --tags '[{"Key": "FirstTag", "Value": "FirstValue"}, {"Key": "SecondTag", "Value": "SecondValue"}]'

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tag  secrets  in  the  Secrets  Manager  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
