UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes specific tags from a secret.

       This operation is idempotent. If a requested tag is not attached to the
       secret, no error is returned and the secret metadata is unchanged.

       WARNING:
          If you use tags as part of your security strategy, then  removing  a
          tag  can  change permissions. If successfully completing this opera-
          tion would result in you losing your permissions  for  this  secret,
          then the operation is blocked and returns an Access Denied error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --secret-id <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --secret-id (string)
          The ARN or name of the secret.

          For an ARN, we recommend that you specify a complete ARN rather than
          a partial ARN.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag key names to remove from the secret. You don't specify
          the value. Both the key and its associated value are removed.

          This parameter requires a JSON text string argument.

          For  storing  multiple values, we recommend that you use a JSON text
          string argument and specify key/value pairs. For  more  information,
          see  Specifying  parameter values for the Amazon Web Services CLI in
          the Amazon Web Services CLI User Guide.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a secret

       The following untag-resource example removes two tags  from  a  secret.
       For each tag, both  key and value are removed.

          aws secretsmanager untag-resource \
              --secret-id MyTestSecret \
              --tag-keys '[ "FirstTag", "SecondTag"]'

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Tag  secrets  in the Secrets Manager User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
