VAULT-NOT-EXISTS()                                          VAULT-NOT-EXISTS()



NAME
       vault-not-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  ResourceNotFoundException  is thrown when polling with de-
       scribe-vault. It will poll every 3 seconds until a successful state has
       been  reached. This will exit with a return code of 255 after 15 failed
       checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            vault-not-exists
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To pause until a vault no longer exists

       The  following wait vault-not-exists example pauses running and contin-
       ues only after it confirms that the specified vault doesn't exist.

          aws glacier wait vault-not-exists \
              --account-id 111122223333 \
              --vault-name example_vault

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            VAULT-NOT-EXISTS()
