GET-DEVICE-REGISTRATION()                            GET-DEVICE-REGISTRATION()



NAME
       get-device-registration -

DESCRIPTION
       Use to check if a device is registered with SageMaker Edge Manager.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-device-registration
          --device-name <value>
          --device-fleet-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-name (string)
          The  unique name of the device you want to get the registration sta-
          tus from.

       --device-fleet-name (string)
          The name of the fleet that the device belongs to.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DeviceRegistration -> (string)
          Describes  if the device is currently registered with SageMaker Edge
          Manager.

       CacheTTL -> (string)
          The amount of time, in seconds,  that  the  registration  status  is
          stored on the devices cache before it is refreshed.



                                                     GET-DEVICE-REGISTRATION()
