ATTACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()                            ATTACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()



NAME
       attach-security-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  Device  Defender  security profile with a thing group or
       this account. Each thing group or account can have up to five  security
       profiles associated with it.

       Requires permission to access the AttachSecurityProfile action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-security-profile
          --security-profile-name <value>
          --security-profile-target-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-profile-name (string)
          The security profile that is attached.

       --security-profile-target-arn (string)
          The ARN of the target (thing group) to which the security profile is
          attached.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a security profile with all unregistered devices

       The following attach-security-profile example associates  the  AWS  IoT
       Device  Defender  security  profile named Testprofile with all unregis-
       tered devices in the us-west-2 region for this AWS account.

          aws iot attach-security-profile \
              --security-profile-name Testprofile \
              --security-profile-target-arn "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:all/unregistered-things"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Detect Commands  in  the  AWS  IoT  Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ATTACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()
