ATTACH-POLICY()                                                ATTACH-POLICY()



NAME
       attach-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  the  specified policy to the specified principal (certificate
       or other credential).

       Requires permission to access the AttachPolicy action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-policy
          --policy-name <value>
          --target <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy to attach.

       --target (string)
          The identity to which the policy is attached. For example,  a  thing
          group or a certificate.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To attach a policy to a thing group

       The  following attach-policy example attaches the specified policy to a
       thing group identified by its ARN.

          aws iot attach-policy \
              --target "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:thinggroup/LightBulbs" \
              --policy-name "UpdateDeviceCertPolicy"

       This command does not produce any output.

       For more information, see Thing Groups in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

       Example 2: To attach a policy to a certificate

       The following attach-policy example attaches the  policy  UpdateDevice-
       CertPolicy to the principal specified by a certificate.

          aws iot attach-policy \
              --policy-name UpdateDeviceCertPolicy \
              --target "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/4f0ba725787aa94d67d2fca420eca022242532e8b3c58e7465c7778b443fd65e"

       This command does not produce any output.

       For more information, see Attach an AWS IoT Policy to a Device Certifi-
       cate in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               ATTACH-POLICY()
