ATTACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()                              ATTACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()



NAME
       attach-thing-principal -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  the  specified  principal to the specified thing. A principal
       can be X.509 certificates, IAM users, groups, and roles, Amazon Cognito
       identities or federated identities.

       Requires permission to access the AttachThingPrincipal action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-thing-principal
          --thing-name <value>
          --principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the thing.

       --principal (string)
          The  principal, which can be a certificate ARN (as returned from the
          CreateCertificate operation) or an Amazon Cognito ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a certificate to your thing

       The following attach-thing-principal example attaches a certificate  to
       the MyTemperatureSensor thing. The certificate is identified by an ARN.
       You can find the ARN for a certificate in the AWS IoT console.

          aws iot attach-thing-principal \
              --thing-name MyTemperatureSensor \
              --principal arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/2e1eb273792174ec2b9bf4e9b37e6c6c692345499506002a35159767055278e8

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see How to Manage Things with the Registry in the
       AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ATTACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()
