CANCEL-AUDIT-TASK()                                        CANCEL-AUDIT-TASK()



NAME
       cancel-audit-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels an audit that is in progress. The audit can be either scheduled
       or on demand. If the audit isn't in progress, an  "InvalidRequestExcep-
       tion" occurs.

       Requires permission to access the CancelAuditTask action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-audit-task
          --task-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-id (string)
          The ID of the audit you want to cancel. You can only cancel an audit
          that is "IN_PROGRESS".

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel an audit task

       The following cancel-audit-task example cancels an audit task with  the
       specified task ID. You cannot cancel a task that is complete.

          aws iot cancel-audit-task \
              --task-id a3aea009955e501a31b764abe1bebd3d

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Audit  Commands  in the AWS IoT Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           CANCEL-AUDIT-TASK()
