CANCEL-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()                    CANCEL-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()



NAME
       cancel-certificate-transfer -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels a pending transfer for the specified certificate.
          Note Only the transfer source account can use this operation to can-
          cel a transfer. (Transfer destinations can  use   RejectCertificate-
          Transfer  instead.)  After  transfer, IoT returns the certificate to
          the source account in the INACTIVE state. After the destination  ac-
          count has accepted the transfer, the transfer cannot be cancelled.

       After  a  certificate transfer is cancelled, the status of the certifi-
       cate changes from PENDING_TRANSFER to INACTIVE.

       Requires permission to access the CancelCertificateTransfer action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-certificate-transfer
          --certificate-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-id (string)
          The ID of the certificate. (The last part  of  the  certificate  ARN
          contains the certificate ID.)

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel the transfer a certificate to a different AWS account

       The following cancel-certificate-transfer example cancels the  transfer
       of the specified certificate transfer. The certificate is identified by
       a certificate ID. You can find the ID for a certificate in the AWS  IoT
       console.

          aws iot cancel-certificate-transfer \
              --certificate-id f0f33678c7c9a046e5cc87b2b1a58dfa0beec26db78addd5e605d630e05c7fc8

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Transfer a certificate to another account in
       the AWS IoT Core Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 CANCEL-CERTIFICATE-TRANSFER()
