DELETE-POLICY-VERSION()                                DELETE-POLICY-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-policy-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  version  of  the  specified policy. You cannot
       delete the default version of a policy using this action. To delete the
       default version of a policy, use  DeletePolicy . To find out which ver-
       sion of a policy is marked as the default version,  use  ListPolicyVer-
       sions.

       Requires permission to access the DeletePolicyVersion action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-policy-version
          --policy-name <value>
          --policy-version-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy.

       --policy-version-id (string)
          The policy version ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a version of policy

       The  following  delete-policy-version  example deletes version 2 of the
       specified policy from your AWS account.

          aws iot delete-policy-version \
              --policy-name UpdateDeviceCertPolicy \
              --policy-version-id 2

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see AWS IoT Policies in  the  AWS  IoT  Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-POLICY-VERSION()
