DELETE-SECURITY-PROFILE()                            DELETE-SECURITY-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-security-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Device Defender security profile.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteSecurityProfile action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-security-profile
          --security-profile-name <value>
          [--expected-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-profile-name (string)
          The name of the security profile to be deleted.

       --expected-version (long)
          The  expected version of the security profile. A new version is gen-
          erated whenever the security profile is updated. If  you  specify  a
          value  that  is  different  from  the  actual version, a VersionCon-
          flictException is thrown.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a security profile

       The following delete-security-profile example deletes a  security  pro-
       file named PossibleIssue.

          aws iot delete-security-profile \
              --security-profile-name PossibleIssue

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Detect  Commands in the AWS IoT Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-SECURITY-PROFILE()
