DELETE-V2-LOGGING-LEVEL()                            DELETE-V2-LOGGING-LEVEL()



NAME
       delete-v2-logging-level -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a logging level.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteV2LoggingLevel action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-v2-logging-level
          --target-type <value>
          --target-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-type (string)
          The  type of resource for which you are configuring logging. Must be
          THING_Group .

          Possible values:

          o DEFAULT

          o THING_GROUP

       --target-name (string)
          The name of the resource for which you are configuring logging.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete the logging level for a thing group

       The following delete-v2-logging-level example deletes the logging level
       for the specified thing group.

          aws iot delete-v2-logging-level \
              --target-type THING_GROUP \
              --target-name LightBulbs

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-V2-LOGGING-LEVEL()
