DELETE-TOPIC-RULE-DESTINATION()                DELETE-TOPIC-RULE-DESTINATION()



NAME
       delete-topic-rule-destination -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a topic rule destination.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteTopicRuleDestination action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-topic-rule-destination
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the topic rule destination to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a topic rule destination

       The  following delete-topic-rule-destination example deletes the speci-
       fied topic rule destination.

          aws iot delete-topic-rule-destination \
              --arn "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:ruledestination/http/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-11111EXAMPLE"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting a topic rule destination in the  AWS
       IoT Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-TOPIC-RULE-DESTINATION()
