DELETE-BILLING-GROUP()                                  DELETE-BILLING-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-billing-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the billing group.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteBillingGroup action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-billing-group
          --billing-group-name <value>
          [--expected-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --billing-group-name (string)
          The name of the billing group.

       --expected-version (long)
          The  expected  version  of  the billing group. If the version of the
          billing group does not match the expected version specified  in  the
          request,  the DeleteBillingGroup request is rejected with a Version-
          ConflictException .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a billing group

       The  following  delete-billing-group  example  deletes  the   specified
       billing  group.  You can delete a billing group even if it contains one
       or more things.

          aws iot delete-billing-group \
              --billing-group-name BillingGroupTwo

       This command does not produce any output.

       For more information, see Billing Groups  in  the  AWS  IoT  Developers
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-BILLING-GROUP()
