DELETE-THING()                                                  DELETE-THING()



NAME
       delete-thing -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified thing. Returns successfully with no error if the
       deletion is successful or you specify a thing that doesn't exist.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteThing action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-thing
          --thing-name <value>
          [--expected-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the thing to delete.

       --expected-version (long)
          The expected version of the thing record in  the  registry.  If  the
          version  of  the  record in the registry does not match the expected
          version specified in the request, the  DeleteThing  request  is  re-
          jected with a VersionConflictException .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To display detailed information about a thing

       The  following  delete-thing  example  deletes a thing from the AWS IoT
       registry for your AWS account.
          aws iot delete-thing --thing-name "FourthBulb"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see How to Manage Things with the Registry in the
       AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-THING()
