DELETE-DOMAIN-CONFIGURATION()                    DELETE-DOMAIN-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-domain-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified domain configuration.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteDomainConfiguration action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-domain-configuration
          --domain-configuration-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-configuration-name (string)
          The name of the domain configuration to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a domain configuration

       The following delete-domain-configuration example deletes a domain con-
       figuration named additionalDataDomain from your AWS account.

          aws iot delete-domain-configuration \
              --domain-configuration-name "additionalDataDomain" \
              --domain-configuration-status "DISABLED"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Configurable Endpoints in the AWS IoT  Devel-
       oper Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-DOMAIN-CONFIGURATION()
