DELETE-OTA-UPDATE()                                        DELETE-OTA-UPDATE()



NAME
       delete-ota-update -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete an OTA update.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteOTAUpdate action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-ota-update
          --ota-update-id <value>
          [--delete-stream | --no-delete-stream]
          [--force-delete-aws-job | --no-force-delete-aws-job]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ota-update-id (string)
          The ID of the OTA update to delete.

       --delete-stream | --no-delete-stream (boolean)
          When  true,  the  stream created by the OTAUpdate process is deleted
          when the OTA update is deleted. Ignored if the stream  specified  in
          the OTAUpdate is supplied by the user.

       --force-delete-aws-job | --no-force-delete-aws-job (boolean)
          When true, deletes the IoT job created by the OTAUpdate process even
          if it is "IN_PROGRESS". Otherwise, if the job is not in  a  terminal
          state  ("COMPLETED"  or "CANCELED") an exception will occur. The de-
          fault is false.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an OTA update

       The  following  delete-ota-update example deletes the specified OTA up-
       date.

          aws iot delete-ota-update \
              --ota-update-id ota12345 \
              --delete-stream \
              --force-delete-aws-job

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see DeleteOTAUpdate in the AWS IoT API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-OTA-UPDATE()
