DELETE-ACCOUNT-AUDIT-CONFIGURATION()      DELETE-ACCOUNT-AUDIT-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-account-audit-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Restores  the  default settings for Device Defender audits for this ac-
       count. Any configuration data you entered  is  deleted  and  all  audit
       checks are reset to disabled.

       Requires  permission  to access the DeleteAccountAuditConfiguration ac-
       tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-account-audit-configuration
          [--delete-scheduled-audits | --no-delete-scheduled-audits]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --delete-scheduled-audits | --no-delete-scheduled-audits (boolean)
          If true, all scheduled audits are deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable all audit checks for your AWS account

       The  following  delete-account-audit-configuration example restores the
       default settings for AWS IoT Device Defender  for  this  account,  dis-
       abling  all  audit  checks  and  clearing  configuration  data. It also
       deletes any scheduled audits for this account. Use  this  command  with
       caution.

          aws iot delete-account-audit-configuration \
              --delete-scheduled-audits

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Audit  Commands  in the AWS IoT Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DELETE-ACCOUNT-AUDIT-CONFIGURATION()
