DELETE-CUSTOM-METRIC()                                  DELETE-CUSTOM-METRIC()



NAME
       delete-custom-metric -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Device Defender detect custom metric.

       Requires permission to access the DeleteCustomMetric action.

       NOTE:
          Before  you  can  delete  a custom metric, you must first remove the
          custom metric from all security profiles it's a part of.  The  secu-
          rity  profile  associated  with the custom metric can be found using
          the ListSecurityProfiles API with metricName set to your custom met-
          ric name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-custom-metric
          --metric-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --metric-name (string)
          The name of the custom metric.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom metric

       The following delete-custom-metric example deletes a custom metric.

          aws iot delete-custom-metric \
              --metric-name batteryPercentage \
              --region us-east-1

       Output:

          HTTP 200

       For  more information, see Custom metrics in the AWS IoT Core Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-CUSTOM-METRIC()
