DEPRECATE-THING-TYPE()                                  DEPRECATE-THING-TYPE()



NAME
       deprecate-thing-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecates  a  thing type. You can not associate new things with depre-
       cated thing type.

       Requires permission to access the DeprecateThingType action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprecate-thing-type
          --thing-type-name <value>
          [--undo-deprecate | --no-undo-deprecate]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-type-name (string)
          The name of the thing type to deprecate.

       --undo-deprecate | --no-undo-deprecate (boolean)
          Whether to undeprecate a deprecated thing type. If true , the  thing
          type  will  not  be deprecated anymore and you can associate it with
          things.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To deprecate a thing type

       The following deprecate-thing-type example deprecates a thing  type  so
       that users can't associate any new things with it.

          aws iot deprecate-thing-type \
              --thing-type-name "obsoleteThingType"

       This command produces no output.

       Example 2: To reverse the deprecation of a thing type

       The  following deprecate-thing-type example reverses the deprecation of
       a thing type, which makes it possible for users to associate new things
       with it again.

          aws iot deprecate-thing-type \
              --thing-type-name "obsoleteThingType" \
              --undo-deprecate

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Thing Types in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DEPRECATE-THING-TYPE()
