DESCRIBE-MANAGED-JOB-TEMPLATE()                DESCRIBE-MANAGED-JOB-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       describe-managed-job-template -

DESCRIPTION
       View details of a managed job template.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-managed-job-template
          --template-name <value>
          [--template-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The unique name of a managed job template, which is required.

       --template-version (string)
          An  optional  parameter to specify version of a managed template. If
          not specified, the pre-defined default version is returned.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       templateName -> (string)
          The unique name of a managed template, such as AWS-Reboot .

       templateArn -> (string)
          The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the managed template.

       description -> (string)
          The unique description of a managed template.

       templateVersion -> (string)
          The version for a managed template.

       environments -> (list)
          A list of environments that are supported with the managed job  tem-
          plate.

          (string)

       documentParameters -> (list)
          A map of key-value pairs that you can use as guidance to specify the
          inputs for creating a job from a managed template.

          (structure)
              A map of key-value pairs containing the patterns that need to be
              replaced  in a managed template job document schema. You can use
              the description of each key as a guidance to specify the  inputs
              during runtime when creating a job.

              key -> (string)
                 Key  of the map field containing the patterns that need to be
                 replaced in a managed template job document schema.

              description -> (string)
                 Description of the map field  containing  the  patterns  that
                 need  to  be  replaced  in  a  managed  template job document
                 schema.

              regex -> (string)
                 A regular expression of the patterns that need to be replaced
                 in a managed template job document schema.

              example -> (string)
                 An example illustrating a pattern that need to be replaced in
                 a managed template job document schema.

              optional -> (boolean)
                 Specifies whether a pattern that needs to be  replaced  in  a
                 managed template job document schema is optional or required.

       document -> (string)
          The document schema for a managed job template.



                                               DESCRIBE-MANAGED-JOB-TEMPLATE()
