DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT()                                        DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       describe-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  unique endpoint specific to the Amazon Web Services account
       making the call.

       Requires permission to access the DescribeEndpoint action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoint
          [--endpoint-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-type (string)
          The endpoint type. Valid endpoint types include:

          o iot:Data - Returns a VeriSign signed data endpoint.

          o iot:Data-ATS - Returns an ATS signed data endpoint.

          o iot:CredentialProvider - Returns an IoT credentials  provider  API
            endpoint.

          o iot:Jobs - Returns an IoT device management Jobs API endpoint.

          We strongly recommend that customers use the newer iot:Data-ATS end-
          point type to avoid issues related to  the  widespread  distrust  of
          Symantec certificate authorities.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To get your current AWS endpoint

       The  following describe-endpoint example retrieves the default AWS end-
       point to which all commands are applied.

          aws iot describe-endpoint

       Output:

          {
              "endpointAddress": "abc123defghijk.iot.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
          }

       For more information, see DescribeEndpoint in  the  AWS  IoT  Developer
       Guide.

       Example 2: To get your ATS endpoint

       The following describe-endpoint example retrieves the Amazon Trust Ser-
       vices (ATS) endpoint.

          aws iot describe-endpoint \
              --endpoint-type iot:Data-ATS

       Output:

          {
              "endpointAddress": "abc123defghijk-ats.iot.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
          }

       For more information, see X.509 Certificates and AWS IoT in the AWS IoT
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       endpointAddress -> (string)
          The  endpoint.  The format of the endpoint is as follows: identifier
          .iot.*region* .amazonaws.com.



                                                           DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT()
