DETACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()                            DETACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()



NAME
       detach-security-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a Device Defender security profile from a thing group or
       from this account.

       Requires permission to access the DetachSecurityProfile action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-security-profile
          --security-profile-name <value>
          --security-profile-target-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-profile-name (string)
          The security profile that is detached.

       --security-profile-target-arn (string)
          The ARN of the thing group from which the security  profile  is  de-
          tached.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a security profile from a target

       The  following  detach-security-profile example removes the association
       between the AWS IoT Device Defender security profile named  Testprofile
       and the all registered things target.

          aws iot detach-security-profile \
              --security-profile-name Testprofile \
              --security-profile-target-arn "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:all/registered-things"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Detect  Commands in the AWS IoT Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DETACH-SECURITY-PROFILE()
