DETACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()                              DETACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()



NAME
       detach-thing-principal -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  the specified principal from the specified thing. A principal
       can be X.509 certificates, IAM users, groups, and roles, Amazon Cognito
       identities or federated identities.

       NOTE:
          This call is asynchronous. It might take several seconds for the de-
          tachment to propagate.

       Requires permission to access the DetachThingPrincipal action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-thing-principal
          --thing-name <value>
          --principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the thing.

       --principal (string)
          If the principal is a certificate, this value must  be  ARN  of  the
          certificate.  If  the  principal is an Amazon Cognito identity, this
          value must be the ID of the Amazon Cognito identity.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach a certificate/principal from a thing

       The following detach-thing-principal example removes a certificate that
       represents a principal from the specified thing.

          aws iot detach-thing-principal \
              --thing-name "MyLightBulb" \
              --principal "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/604c48437a57b7d5fc5d137c5be75011c6ee67c9a6943683a1acb4b1626bac36"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see How to Manage Things with the Registry in the
       AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DETACH-THING-PRINCIPAL()
