DETACH-POLICY()                                                DETACH-POLICY()



NAME
       detach-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches a policy from the specified target.

       NOTE:
          Because  of  the  distributed  nature of Amazon Web Services, it can
          take up to five minutes after a policy is detached before it's ready
          to be deleted.

       Requires permission to access the DetachPolicy action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-policy
          --policy-name <value>
          --target <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-name (string)
          The policy to detach.

       --target (string)
          The target from which the policy will be detached.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To detach an AWS IoT policy from a thing group

       The  following detach-policy example detaches the specified policy from
       a thing group and, by extension, from all things in that group and  any
       of the group's child groups.

          aws iot detach-policy \
              --target "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:thinggroup/LightBulbs" \
              --policy-name "MyFirstGroup_Core-policy"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Thing Groups in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

       Example 2: To detach an AWS IoT policy from a device certificate

       The  following detach-policy example detaches the TemperatureSensorPol-
       icy policy from a device certificate identified by ARN.

          aws iot detach-policy \
              --policy-name TemperatureSensorPolicy \
              --target arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DETACH-POLICY()
