GET-REGISTRATION-CODE()                                GET-REGISTRATION-CODE()



NAME
       get-registration-code -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a registration code used to register a CA certificate with IoT.

       Requires permission to access the GetRegistrationCode action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-registration-code
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get your AWS account-specific registration code

       The  following  get-registration-code  example  retrieves  your AWS ac-
       count-specific registration code.

          aws iot get-registration-code

       Output:

          {
              "registrationCode": "15c51ae5e36ba59ba77042df1115862076bea4bd15841c838fcb68d5010a614c"
          }

       For more information, see Use Your Own Certificate in the AWS  IoT  De-
       veloper Guide.

OUTPUT
       registrationCode -> (string)
          The CA certificate registration code.



                                                       GET-REGISTRATION-CODE()
