LIST-PROVISIONING-TEMPLATES()                    LIST-PROVISIONING-TEMPLATES()



NAME
       list-provisioning-templates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the fleet provisioning templates in your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       Requires permission to access the ListProvisioningTemplates action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-provisioning-templates is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: templates

SYNOPSIS
            list-provisioning-templates
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list provisioning templates

       The following list-provisioning-templates example lists all of the pro-
       visioning templates in your AWS account.

          aws iot list-provisioning-templates

       Output:

          {
              "templates": [
                  {
                      "templateArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-east-1:123456789012:provisioningtemplate/widget-template",
                      "templateName": "widget-template",
                      "description": "A provisioning template for widgets",
                      "creationDate": 1574800471.367,
                      "lastModifiedDate": 1574801192.324,
                      "enabled": false
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see AWS IoT Secure Tunneling in the AWS IoT Core
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       templates -> (list)
          A list of fleet provisioning templates

          (structure)
              A summary of information about a fleet provisioning template.

              templateArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the fleet provisioning template.

              templateName -> (string)
                 The name of the fleet provisioning template.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the fleet provisioning template.

              creationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the fleet  provisioning  template  summary  was
                 created.

              lastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  when  the  fleet provisioning template summary was
                 last modified.

              enabled -> (boolean)
                 True if the fleet provision template  is  enabled,  otherwise
                 false.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token to retrieve the next set of results.



                                                 LIST-PROVISIONING-TEMPLATES()
