LIST-THINGS-IN-BILLING-GROUP()                  LIST-THINGS-IN-BILLING-GROUP()



NAME
       list-things-in-billing-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the things you have added to the given billing group.

       Requires permission to access the ListThingsInBillingGroup action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-things-in-billing-group  is  a  paginated  operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: things

SYNOPSIS
            list-things-in-billing-group
          --billing-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --billing-group-name (string)
          The name of the billing group.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the things in a billing group

       The  following  list-things-in-billing-group  example  lists the things
       that are in the specified billing group.

          aws iot list-things-in-billing-group \
              --billing-group-name GroupOne

       Output:

          {
              "things": [
                  "MyOtherLightBulb",
                  "MyLightBulb"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Billing Groups  in  the  AWS  IoT  Developers
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       things -> (list)
          A list of things in the billing group.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token  to  use  to get the next set of results. Will not be re-
          turned if operation has returned all results.



                                                LIST-THINGS-IN-BILLING-GROUP()
