LIST-CERTIFICATES-BY-CA()                            LIST-CERTIFICATES-BY-CA()



NAME
       list-certificates-by-ca -

DESCRIPTION
       List the device certificates signed by the specified CA certificate.

       Requires permission to access the ListCertificatesByCA action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-certificates-by-ca  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: certificates

SYNOPSIS
            list-certificates-by-ca
          --ca-certificate-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--ascending-order | --no-ascending-order]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ca-certificate-id (string)
          The ID of the CA certificate. This operation will  list  all  regis-
          tered device certificate that were signed by this CA certificate.

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --ascending-order | --no-ascending-order (boolean)
          Specifies the order for results. If True, the results  are  returned
          in ascending order, based on the creation date.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all device certificates signed with a CA certificate

       The following list-certificates-by-ca example lists all device certifi-
       cates  in  your  AWS account that are signed with the specified CA cer-
       tificate.

          aws iot list-certificates-by-ca \
              --ca-certificate-id f4efed62c0142f16af278166f61962501165c4f0536295207426460058cd1467

       Output:

          {
              "certificates": [
                  {
                      "certificateArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142",
                      "certificateId": "488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142",
                      "status": "ACTIVE",
                      "creationDate": 1569363250.557
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see ListCertificatesByCA in the AWS IoT API  Ref-
       erence.

OUTPUT
       certificates -> (list)
          The device certificates signed by the specified CA certificate.

          (structure)
              Information about a certificate.

              certificateArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the certificate.

              certificateId -> (string)
                 The  ID of the certificate. (The last part of the certificate
                 ARN contains the certificate ID.)

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the certificate.

                 The status value REGISTER_INACTIVE is deprecated  and  should
                 not be used.

              certificateMode -> (string)
                 The mode of the certificate.
                     DEFAULT  : A certificate in DEFAULT mode is either gener-
                     ated by Amazon Web Services IoT Core or  registered  with
                     an issuer certificate authority (CA) in DEFAULT mode. De-
                     vices with certificates in DEFAULT mode  aren't  required
                     to  send  the Server Name Indication (SNI) extension when
                     connecting to Amazon Web Services IoT Core.  However,  to
                     use features such as custom domains and VPC endpoints, we
                     recommend that you use the SNI extension when  connecting
                     to Amazon Web Services IoT Core.

                     SNI_ONLY  :  A certificate in SNI_ONLY mode is registered
                     without  an  issuer  CA.  Devices  with  certificates  in
                     SNI_ONLY mode must send the SNI extension when connecting
                     to Amazon Web Services IoT Core.

              creationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time the certificate was created.

       nextMarker -> (string)
          The marker for the next set of results, or null if there are no  ad-
          ditional results.



                                                     LIST-CERTIFICATES-BY-CA()
