LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags (metadata) you have assigned to the resource.

       Requires permission to access the ListTagsForResource action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To display the tags and their values associated with a resource

       The following list-tags-for-resource example displays the tags and val-
       ues associated with the thing group LightBulbs.

          aws iot list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:094249569039:thinggroup/LightBulbs"

       Output:

          {
              "tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Assembly",
                      "Value": "Fact1NW"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "MyTag",
                      "Value": "777"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Tagging Your AWS IoT Resources in the AWS IoT
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          The list of tags assigned to the resource.

          (structure)
              A set of key/value pairs that are used to manage the resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag's key.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to get the next set of results, or  null  if  there
          are no additional results.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
