LIST-TARGETS-FOR-SECURITY-PROFILE()        LIST-TARGETS-FOR-SECURITY-PROFILE()



NAME
       list-targets-for-security-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  targets  (thing  groups) associated with a given Device De-
       fender security profile.

       Requires permission to access the ListTargetsForSecurityProfile action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-targets-for-security-profile is a  paginated  operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: securityProfileTargets

SYNOPSIS
            list-targets-for-security-profile
          --security-profile-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-profile-name (string)
          The security profile.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the targets to which a security profile is applied

       The  following list-targets-for-security-profile example lists the tar-
       gets to which the AWS IoT Device Defender security profile named Possi-
       bleIssue is applied.

          aws iot list-targets-for-security-profile \
              --security-profile-name Testprofile

       Output:

          {
              "securityProfileTargets": [
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:all/unregistered-things"
                  },
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:all/registered-things"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Detect  Commands in the AWS IoT Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       securityProfileTargets -> (list)
          The thing groups to which the security profile is attached.

          (structure)
              A target to which an alert is sent when a security  profile  be-
              havior is violated.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the security profile.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A  token  that  can  be used to retrieve the next set of results, or
          null if there are no additional results.



                                           LIST-TARGETS-FOR-SECURITY-PROFILE()
