LIST-CA-CERTIFICATES()                                  LIST-CA-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       list-ca-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  CA certificates registered for your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       The results are paginated with a default page size of 25. You  can  use
       the returned marker to retrieve additional results.

       Requires permission to access the ListCACertificates action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-ca-certificates  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: certificates

SYNOPSIS
            list-ca-certificates
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--ascending-order | --no-ascending-order]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --ascending-order | --no-ascending-order (boolean)
          Determines the order of the results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the CA certificates registered in your AWS account

       The following list-ca-certificates example lists  the  CA  certificates
       registered in your AWS account.

          aws iot list-ca-certificates

       Output:

          {
              "certificates": [
                  {
                      "certificateArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cacert/f4efed62c0142f16af278166f61962501165c4f0536295207426460058cd1467",
                      "certificateId": "f4efed62c0142f16af278166f61962501165c4f0536295207426460058cd1467",
                      "status": "INACTIVE",
                      "creationDate": 1569365372.053
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Use Your Own Certificate in the AWS IoT De-
       veloper Guide.

OUTPUT
       certificates -> (list)
          The CA certificates registered in your Amazon Web Services account.

          (structure)
              A CA certificate.

              certificateArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the CA certificate.

              certificateId -> (string)
                 The ID of the CA certificate.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the CA certificate.

                 The status value REGISTER_INACTIVE is deprecated  and  should
                 not be used.

              creationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date the CA certificate was created.

       nextMarker -> (string)
          The current position within the list of CA certificates.



                                                        LIST-CA-CERTIFICATES()
