LIST-THINGS-IN-THING-GROUP()                      LIST-THINGS-IN-THING-GROUP()



NAME
       list-things-in-thing-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the things in the specified group.

       Requires permission to access the ListThingsInThingGroup action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-things-in-thing-group is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: things

SYNOPSIS
            list-things-in-thing-group
          --thing-group-name <value>
          [--recursive | --no-recursive]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-group-name (string)
          The thing group name.

       --recursive | --no-recursive (boolean)
          When true, list things in this thing group and in all  child  groups
          as well.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the things that belong to a group

       The following list-things-in-thing-group example lists the things  that
       belong to the specified thing group.

          aws iot list-things-in-thing-group \
              --thing-group-name LightBulbs

       Output:

          {
              "things": [
                  "MyLightBulb"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Thing Groups in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       things -> (list)
          The things in the specified thing group.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token  to  use to get the next set of results, or null if there
          are no additional results.



                                                  LIST-THINGS-IN-THING-GROUP()
