LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()                            LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()



NAME
       list-targets-for-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       List targets for the specified policy.

       Requires permission to access the ListTargetsForPolicy action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-targets-for-policy  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: targets

SYNOPSIS
            list-targets-for-policy
          --policy-name <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-name (string)
          The policy name.

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the principals associated with an AWS IoT policy

       The following list-targets-for-policy example lists the device certifi-
       cates to which the specified policy is attached.

          aws iot list-targets-for-policy \
              --policy-name UpdateDeviceCertPolicy

       Output:

          {
              "targets": [
                  "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142",
                  "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/d1eb269fb55a628552143c8f96eb3c258fcd5331ea113e766ba0c82bf225f0be"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Thing Groups in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       targets -> (list)
          The policy targets.

          (string)

       nextMarker -> (string)
          A marker used to get the next set of results.



                                                     LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()
