LIST-THING-PRINCIPALS()                                LIST-THING-PRINCIPALS()



NAME
       list-thing-principals -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  principals associated with the specified thing. A principal
       can be X.509 certificates, IAM users, groups, and roles, Amazon Cognito
       identities or federated identities.

       Requires permission to access the ListThingPrincipals action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-thing-principals  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: principals

SYNOPSIS
            list-thing-principals
          --thing-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the thing.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the principals associated with a thing

       The following list-thing-principals example lists the principals (X.509
       certificates,  IAM  users, groups, roles, Amazon Cognito identities, or
       federated identities) associated with the specified thing.

          aws iot list-thing-principals \
              --thing-name MyRaspberryPi

       Output:

          {
              "principals": [
                  "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:cert/33475ac865079a5ffd5ecd44240640349293facc760642d7d8d5dbb6b4c86893"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see ListThingPrincipals in the AWS IoT API Refer-
       ence.

OUTPUT
       principals -> (list)
          The principals associated with the thing.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token  to  use to get the next set of results, or null if there
          are no additional results.



                                                       LIST-THING-PRINCIPALS()
