START-THING-REGISTRATION-TASK()                START-THING-REGISTRATION-TASK()



NAME
       start-thing-registration-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a bulk thing provisioning task.

       Requires permission to access the StartThingRegistrationTask action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-thing-registration-task
          --template-body <value>
          --input-file-bucket <value>
          --input-file-key <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-body (string)
          The provisioning template.

       --input-file-bucket (string)
          The S3 bucket that contains the input file.

       --input-file-key (string)
          The  name  of  input file within the S3 bucket. This file contains a
          newline delimited JSON file. Each line contains the parameter values
          to provision one device (thing).

       --role-arn (string)
          The IAM role ARN that grants permission the input file.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       taskId -> (string)
          The bulk thing provisioning task ID.



                                               START-THING-REGISTRATION-TASK()
