TRANSFER-CERTIFICATE()                                  TRANSFER-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       transfer-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Transfers  the  specified  certificate to the specified Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account.

       Requires permission to access the TransferCertificate action.

       You can cancel the transfer until it is acknowledged by the recipient.

       No notification is sent to the transfer destination's account. It is up
       to the caller to notify the transfer target.

       The  certificate being transferred must not be in the ACTIVE state. You
       can use the  UpdateCertificate action to deactivate it.

       The certificate must not have any policies attached to it. You can  use
       the  DetachPolicy action to detach them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            transfer-certificate
          --certificate-id <value>
          --target-aws-account <value>
          [--transfer-message <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  certificate. (The last part of the certificate ARN
          contains the certificate ID.)

       --target-aws-account (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account.

       --transfer-message (string)
          The transfer message.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To transfer a device certificate to a different AWS account

       The following transfer-certificate example transfers a device  certifi-
       cate  to another AWS account. The certificate and AWS account are iden-
       tified by ID.

          aws iot transfer-certificate \
              --certificate-id 488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142 \
              --target-aws-account 030714055129

       Output:

          {
              "transferredCertificateArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:030714055129:cert/488b6a7f2acdeb00a77384e63c4e40b18b1b3caaae57b7272ba44c45e3448142"
          }

       For more information, see Transfer a certificate to another account  in
       the AWS IoT Core Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       transferredCertificateArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the certificate.



                                                        TRANSFER-CERTIFICATE()
