UPDATE-THING-GROUPS-FOR-THING()                UPDATE-THING-GROUPS-FOR-THING()



NAME
       update-thing-groups-for-thing -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the groups to which the thing belongs.

       Requires permission to access the UpdateThingGroupsForThing action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-thing-groups-for-thing
          [--thing-name <value>]
          [--thing-groups-to-add <value>]
          [--thing-groups-to-remove <value>]
          [--override-dynamic-groups | --no-override-dynamic-groups]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The thing whose group memberships will be updated.

       --thing-groups-to-add (list)
          The groups to which the thing will be added.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --thing-groups-to-remove (list)
          The groups from which the thing will be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --override-dynamic-groups | --no-override-dynamic-groups (boolean)
          Override dynamic thing groups with static thing groups when 10-group
          limit is reached. If a thing belongs to 10 thing groups, and one  or
          more  of  those groups are dynamic thing groups, adding a thing to a
          static group removes the thing from the last dynamic group.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change the groups to which a thing belongs

       The following update-thing-groups-for-thing example removes  the  thing
       named  MyLightBulb  from  the  group named DeadBulbs and adds it to the
       group named replaceableItems at the same time.

          aws iot update-thing-groups-for-thing \
              --thing-name MyLightBulb \
              --thing-groups-to-add "replaceableItems" \
              --thing-groups-to-remove "DeadBulbs"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Thing Groups in the AWS IoT Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UPDATE-THING-GROUPS-FOR-THING()
