DEPLOYMENT-SUCCESSFUL()                                DEPLOYMENT-SUCCESSFUL()



NAME
       deployment-successful -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until a deployment has completed successfully. It will poll every
       15 seconds until a successful state has been reached.  This  will  exit
       with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deployment-successful
          [--stack-id <value>]
          [--app-id <value>]
          [--deployment-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-id (string)
          The  stack  ID. If you include this parameter, the command returns a
          description of the commands associated with the specified stack.

       --app-id (string)
          The app ID. If you include this parameter, the command returns a de-
          scription of the commands associated with the specified app.

       --deployment-ids (list)
          An  array of deployment IDs to be described. If you include this pa-
          rameter, the command returns a description of the specified  deploy-
          ments. Otherwise, it returns a description of every deployment.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DEPLOYMENT-SUCCESSFUL()
