ADD-ROLE-TO-DB-CLUSTER()                              ADD-ROLE-TO-DB-CLUSTER()



NAME
       add-role-to-db-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates an Identity and Access Management (IAM) role with a DB clus-
       ter.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-role-to-db-cluster
          --db-cluster-identifier <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--feature-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-identifier (string)
          The name of the DB cluster to associate the IAM role with.

       --role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to associate with the
          Aurora  DB cluster, for example arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/Auro-
          raAccessRole .

       --feature-name (string)
          The name of the feature for the DB cluster that the IAM role  is  to
          be  associated  with. For information about supported feature names,
          see  DBEngineVersion .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role with a DB
       cluster

       The  following  add-role-to-db-cluster example associates a role with a
       DB cluster.

          aws rds add-role-to-db-cluster \
              --db-cluster-identifier mydbcluster \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/RDSLoadFromS3

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Associating an IAM role with an Amazon Aurora
       MySQL DB cluster in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ADD-ROLE-TO-DB-CLUSTER()
