BACKTRACK-DB-CLUSTER()                                  BACKTRACK-DB-CLUSTER()



NAME
       backtrack-db-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Backtracks  a  DB cluster to a specific time, without creating a new DB
       cluster.

       For more information on backtracking, see  Backtracking  an  Aurora  DB
       Cluster in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

       NOTE:
          This action only applies to Aurora MySQL DB clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            backtrack-db-cluster
          --db-cluster-identifier <value>
          --backtrack-to <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--use-earliest-time-on-point-in-time-unavailable | --no-use-earliest-time-on-point-in-time-unavailable]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-identifier (string)
          The  DB cluster identifier of the DB cluster to be backtracked. This
          parameter is stored as a lowercase string.

          Constraints:

          o Must contain from 1 to 63 alphanumeric characters or hyphens.

          o First character must be a letter.

          o Can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

          Example: my-cluster1

       --backtrack-to (timestamp)
          The timestamp of the time to backtrack the DB cluster to,  specified
          in  ISO  8601  format.  For more information about ISO 8601, see the
          ISO8601 Wikipedia page.

          NOTE:
              If the specified time isn't a consistent time for the  DB  clus-
              ter,  Aurora  automatically chooses the nearest possible consis-
              tent time for the DB cluster.

          Constraints:

          o Must contain a valid ISO 8601 timestamp.

          o Can't contain a timestamp set in the future.

          Example: 2017-07-08T18:00Z

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          A value that indicates whether to force the DB cluster to  backtrack
          when  binary logging is enabled. Otherwise, an error occurs when bi-
          nary logging is enabled.

       --use-earliest-time-on-point-in-time-unavailable   |    --no-use-earli-
       est-time-on-point-in-time-unavailable (boolean)
          A  value  that  indicates whether to backtrack the DB cluster to the
          earliest possible backtrack time when BacktrackTo is set to a  time-
          stamp  earlier than the earliest backtrack time. When this parameter
          is disabled and BacktrackTo is set to a timestamp earlier  than  the
          earliest backtrack time, an error occurs.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To backtrack an Aurora DB cluster

       The  following backtrack-db-cluster example backtracks the specified DB
       cluster sample-cluster to March 19, 2018, at 10 a.m.

          aws rds backtrack-db-cluster --db-cluster-identifier sample-cluster --backtrack-to 2018-03-19T10:00:00+00:00

       This command outputs a JSON block that acknowledges the change  to  the
       RDS resource.

OUTPUT
       DBClusterIdentifier -> (string)
          Contains  a  user-supplied DB cluster identifier. This identifier is
          the unique key that identifies a DB cluster.

       BacktrackIdentifier -> (string)
          Contains the backtrack identifier.

       BacktrackTo -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp of the time to which the DB cluster was backtracked.

       BacktrackedFrom -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp of the time from which the DB cluster was backtracked.

       BacktrackRequestCreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp of the time at which the backtrack was requested.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the backtrack. This property returns one of  the  fol-
          lowing values:

          o applying  -  The backtrack is currently being applied to or rolled
            back from the DB cluster.

          o completed - The backtrack has  successfully  been  applied  to  or
            rolled back from the DB cluster.

          o failed  -  An error occurred while the backtrack was applied to or
            rolled back from the DB cluster.

          o pending - The backtrack is currently  pending  application  to  or
            rollback from the DB cluster.



                                                        BACKTRACK-DB-CLUSTER()
