DELETE-DB-SECURITY-GROUP()                          DELETE-DB-SECURITY-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-db-security-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a DB security group.

       NOTE:
          The  specified  DB security group must not be associated with any DB
          instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-db-security-group
          --db-security-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-security-group-name (string)
          The name of the DB security group to delete.

          NOTE:
              You can't delete the default DB security group.

          Constraints:

          o Must be 1 to 255 letters, numbers, or hyphens.

          o First character must be a letter

          o Can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens

          o Must not be "Default"

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a DB security group

       The following delete-db-security-group example deletes  a  DB  security
       group named mysecuritygroup.

          aws rds delete-db-security-group \
              --db-security-group-name mysecuritygroup

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Working with DB security groups (EC2-Classic
       platform) in the Amazon RDS User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-DB-SECURITY-GROUP()
