DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()        DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-db-cluster-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a specified DB cluster parameter group. The DB cluster parame-
       ter group to be deleted can't be associated with any DB clusters.

       For more information on Amazon Aurora, see What is  Amazon  Aurora?  in
       the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

       For  more information on Multi-AZ DB clusters, see Multi-AZ deployments
       with two readable standby DB instances in the Amazon RDS User Guide.

       NOTE:
          The Multi-AZ DB clusters feature is in preview  and  is  subject  to
          change.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-db-cluster-parameter-group
          --db-cluster-parameter-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the DB cluster parameter group.

          Constraints:

          o Must be the name of an existing DB cluster parameter group.

          o You can't delete a default DB cluster parameter group.

          o Can't be associated with any DB clusters.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a DB cluster parameter group

       The  following  delete-db-cluster-parameter-group  example  deletes the
       specified DB cluster parameter group.

          aws rds delete-db-cluster-parameter-group \
              --db-cluster-parameter-group-name mydbclusterparametergroup

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with DB Parameter Groups and DB Clus-
       ter Parameter Groups in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()
