DESCRIBE-DB-PROXY-TARGETS()                        DESCRIBE-DB-PROXY-TARGETS()



NAME
       describe-db-proxy-targets -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about DBProxyTarget objects. This API supports pag-
       ination.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-db-proxy-targets is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Targets

SYNOPSIS
            describe-db-proxy-targets
          --db-proxy-name <value>
          [--target-group-name <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-proxy-name (string)
          The identifier of the DBProxyTarget to describe.

       --target-group-name (string)
          The identifier of the DBProxyTargetGroup to describe.

       --filters (list)
          This parameter is not currently supported.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              IDs. The filters supported by a  describe  operation  are  docu-
              mented with the describe operation.

              NOTE:
                 Currently, wildcards are not supported in filters.

              The following actions can be filtered:

              o DescribeDBClusterBacktracks

              o DescribeDBClusterEndpoints

              o DescribeDBClusters

              o DescribeDBInstances

              o DescribePendingMaintenanceActions

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 One or more filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Targets -> (list)
          An arbitrary number of DBProxyTarget objects, containing details  of
          the corresponding targets.

          (structure)
              Contains  the  details for an RDS Proxy target. It represents an
              RDS DB instance or Aurora DB cluster that the proxy can  connect
              to.  One or more targets are associated with an RDS Proxy target
              group.

              This data type  is  used  as  a  response  element  in  the  De-
              scribeDBProxyTargets action.

              TargetArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the RDS DB instance or Au-
                 rora DB cluster.

              Endpoint -> (string)
                 The writer endpoint for the RDS  DB  instance  or  Aurora  DB
                 cluster.

              TrackedClusterId -> (string)
                 The  DB  cluster identifier when the target represents an Au-
                 rora DB cluster. This field is blank when the  target  repre-
                 sents an RDS DB instance.

              RdsResourceId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  representing  the  target. It can be the in-
                 stance identifier for an RDS  DB  instance,  or  the  cluster
                 identifier for an Aurora DB cluster.

              Port -> (integer)
                 The port that the RDS Proxy uses to connect to the target RDS
                 DB instance or Aurora DB cluster.

              Type -> (string)
                 Specifies the kind of database, such as an RDS DB instance or
                 an Aurora DB cluster, that the target represents.

              Role -> (string)
                 A value that indicates whether the target of the proxy can be
                 used for read/write or read-only operations.

              TargetHealth -> (structure)
                 Information about the connection health of the RDS Proxy tar-
                 get.

                 State -> (string)
                     The  current state of the connection health lifecycle for
                     the RDS Proxy target. The following is a typical  lifecy-
                     cle example for the states of an RDS Proxy target:
                        registering  > unavailable > available > unavailable >
                        available

                 Reason -> (string)
                     The reason for the current health State of the RDS  Proxy
                     target.

                 Description -> (string)
                     A  description  of the health of the RDS Proxy target. If
                     the State is AVAILABLE , a description is not included.

       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter  is  specified,  the response includes only records beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .



                                                   DESCRIBE-DB-PROXY-TARGETS()
