DESCRIBE-DB-PROXIES()                                    DESCRIBE-DB-PROXIES()



NAME
       describe-db-proxies -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about DB proxies.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-db-proxies is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: DBProxies

SYNOPSIS
            describe-db-proxies
          [--db-proxy-name <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-proxy-name (string)
          The name of the DB proxy. If you omit this parameter, the output in-
          cludes  information  about  all  DB proxies owned by your Amazon Web
          Services account ID.

       --filters (list)
          This parameter is not currently supported.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              IDs.  The  filters  supported  by a describe operation are docu-
              mented with the describe operation.

              NOTE:
                 Currently, wildcards are not supported in filters.

              The following actions can be filtered:

              o DescribeDBClusterBacktracks

              o DescribeDBClusterEndpoints

              o DescribeDBClusters

              o DescribeDBInstances

              o DescribePendingMaintenanceActions

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 One or more filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DBProxies -> (list)
          A  return  value  representing  an  arbitrary number of DBProxy data
          structures.

          (structure)
              The data structure representing  a  proxy  managed  by  the  RDS
              Proxy.

              This  data  type  is  used  as  a  response  element  in the De-
              scribeDBProxies action.

              DBProxyName -> (string)
                 The identifier for the proxy. This name must  be  unique  for
                 all  proxies owned by your Amazon Web Services account in the
                 specified Amazon Web Services Region.

              DBProxyArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the proxy.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current status of this proxy. A status of available means
                 the  proxy is ready to handle requests. Other values indicate
                 that you must wait for the proxy to be ready,  or  take  some
                 action to resolve an issue.

              EngineFamily -> (string)
                 The  engine  family  applies to MySQL and PostgreSQL for both
                 RDS and Aurora.

              VpcId -> (string)
                 Provides the VPC ID of the DB proxy.

              VpcSecurityGroupIds -> (list)
                 Provides a list of VPC security groups that the proxy belongs
                 to.

                 (string)

              VpcSubnetIds -> (list)
                 The EC2 subnet IDs for the proxy.

                 (string)

              Auth -> (list)
                 One  or  more  data  structures  specifying the authorization
                 mechanism to connect to the associated RDS DB instance or Au-
                 rora DB cluster.

                 (structure)
                     Returns  the details of authentication used by a proxy to
                     log in as a specific database user.

                     Description -> (string)
                        A user-specified description about the  authentication
                        used by a proxy to log in as a specific database user.

                     UserName -> (string)
                        The  name of the database user to which the proxy con-
                        nects.

                     AuthScheme -> (string)
                        The type of authentication that  the  proxy  uses  for
                        connections from the proxy to the underlying database.

                     SecretArn -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) representing the secret
                        that the proxy uses to authenticate to the RDS DB  in-
                        stance  or Aurora DB cluster. These secrets are stored
                        within Amazon Secrets Manager.

                     IAMAuth -> (string)
                        Whether to require or  disallow  Amazon  Web  Services
                        Identity  and  Access  Management (IAM) authentication
                        for connections to the proxy.

              RoleArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for  the  IAM  role  that  the
                 proxy uses to access Amazon Secrets Manager.

              Endpoint -> (string)
                 The endpoint that you can use to connect to the DB proxy. You
                 include the endpoint value in the  connection  string  for  a
                 database client application.

              RequireTLS -> (boolean)
                 Indicates  whether  Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption
                 is required for connections to the proxy.

              IdleClientTimeout -> (integer)
                 The number of seconds a connection to the proxy can  have  no
                 activity  before  the  proxy drops the client connection. The
                 proxy keeps the underlying database connection open and  puts
                 it  back  into the connection pool for reuse by later connec-
                 tion requests.

                 Default: 1800 (30 minutes)

                 Constraints: 1 to 28,800

              DebugLogging -> (boolean)
                 Whether the proxy includes  detailed  information  about  SQL
                 statements  in  its logs. This information helps you to debug
                 issues involving SQL behavior or the performance  and  scala-
                 bility  of  the  proxy connections. The debug information in-
                 cludes the text of SQL statements that you submit through the
                 proxy.  Thus, only enable this setting when needed for debug-
                 ging, and only when you have security measures  in  place  to
                 safeguard any sensitive information that appears in the logs.

              CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the proxy was first created.

              UpdatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the proxy was last updated.

       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter is specified, the response includes  only  records  beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .



                                                         DESCRIBE-DB-PROXIES()
