MODIFY-CERTIFICATES()                                    MODIFY-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       modify-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Override  the system-default Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Secu-
       rity (SSL/TLS) certificate for Amazon RDS for new DB instances, or  re-
       move the override.

       By  using  this operation, you can specify an RDS-approved SSL/TLS cer-
       tificate for new DB instances that is different from the  default  cer-
       tificate provided by RDS. You can also use this operation to remove the
       override, so that new DB instances use the default certificate provided
       by RDS.

       You  might  need  to  override the default certificate in the following
       situations:

       o You already migrated your applications to support the latest certifi-
         cate  authority  (CA)  certificate, but the new CA certificate is not
         yet the RDS default CA certificate for the specified Amazon Web  Ser-
         vices Region.

       o RDS  has already moved to a new default CA certificate for the speci-
         fied Amazon Web Services Region, but you are still in the process  of
         supporting the new CA certificate. In this case, you temporarily need
         additional time to finish your application changes.

       For more information about rotating your SSL/TLS certificate for RDS DB
       engines,  see  Rotating Your SSL/TLS Certificate in the Amazon RDS User
       Guide .

       For more information about rotating your SSL/TLS certificate for Aurora
       DB  engines, see Rotating Your SSL/TLS Certificate in the Amazon Aurora
       User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-certificates
          [--certificate-identifier <value>]
          [--remove-customer-override | --no-remove-customer-override]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-identifier (string)
          The new default certificate identifier to override the  current  one
          with.

          To  determine  the  valid  values, use the describe-certificates CLI
          command or the DescribeCertificates API operation.

       --remove-customer-override | --no-remove-customer-override (boolean)
          A value that indicates whether to remove the override  for  the  de-
          fault  certificate. If the override is removed, the default certifi-
          cate is the system default.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To temporarily override the system-default SSL/TLS certificate for  new
       DB instances

       The  following  modify-certificates  example  temporarily overrides the
       system-default SSL/TLS certificate for new DB instances.

          aws rds modify-certificates \
              --certificate-identifier rds-ca-2019

       Output:

          {
              "Certificate": {
                  "CertificateIdentifier": "rds-ca-2019",
                  "CertificateType": "CA",
                  "Thumbprint": "EXAMPLE123456789012",
                  "ValidFrom": "2019-09-19T18:16:53Z",
                  "ValidTill": "2024-08-22T17:08:50Z",
                  "CertificateArn": "arn:aws:rds:us-east-1::cert:rds-ca-2019",
                  "CustomerOverride": true,
                  "CustomerOverrideValidTill": "2024-08-22T17:08:50Z"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Rotating your SSL/TLS certificate in the Ama-
       zon  RDS User Guide and Rotating your SSL/TLS certificate in the Amazon
       Aurora User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Certificate -> (structure)
          A CA certificate for an Amazon Web Services account.

          CertificateIdentifier -> (string)
              The unique key that identifies a certificate.

          CertificateType -> (string)
              The type of the certificate.

          Thumbprint -> (string)
              The thumbprint of the certificate.

          ValidFrom -> (timestamp)
              The starting date from which the certificate is valid.

          ValidTill -> (timestamp)
              The final date that the certificate continues to be valid.

          CertificateArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the certificate.

          CustomerOverride -> (boolean)
              Whether there is an override for the default certificate identi-
              fier.

          CustomerOverrideValidTill -> (timestamp)
              If  there is an override for the default certificate identifier,
              when the override expires.



                                                         MODIFY-CERTIFICATES()
