MODIFY-ACTIVITY-STREAM()                              MODIFY-ACTIVITY-STREAM()



NAME
       modify-activity-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the audit policy state of a database activity stream to either
       locked (default) or unlocked. A locked policy is read-only, whereas  an
       unlocked  policy  is read/write. If your activity stream is started and
       locked, you can unlock it, customize your audit policy, and  then  lock
       your  activity  stream.  Restarting the activity stream isn't required.
       For more information, see Modifying a database activity stream  in  the
       Amazon RDS User Guide .

       This operation is supported for RDS for Oracle only.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-activity-stream
          [--resource-arn <value>]
          [--audit-policy-state <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the RDS for Oracle DB instance,
          for example, arn:aws:rds:us-east-1:12345667890:instance:my-orcl-db .

       --audit-policy-state (string)
          The audit policy state. When a policy is unlocked, it is read/write.
          When  it  is locked, it is read-only. You can edit your audit policy
          only when the activity stream is unlocked or stopped.

          Possible values:

          o locked

          o unlocked

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KmsKeyId -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Web  Services KMS key identifier for encryption of mes-
          sages in the database activity stream.

       KinesisStreamName -> (string)
          The name of the Amazon Kinesis data stream to be used for the  data-
          base activity stream.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the modification to the database activity stream.

       Mode -> (string)
          The mode of the database activity stream.

       EngineNativeAuditFieldsIncluded -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  engine-native  audit  fields are included in the
          database activity stream.

       PolicyStatus -> (string)
          The status of the modification to the policy state of  the  database
          activity stream.



                                                      MODIFY-ACTIVITY-STREAM()
