REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()                    REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()



NAME
       remove-role-from-db-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the asssociation of an Amazon Web Services Identity and Access
       Management (IAM) role from a DB cluster.

       For more information on Amazon Aurora DB clusters, see What  is  Amazon
       Aurora? in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

       For  more information on Multi-AZ DB clusters, see Multi-AZ deployments
       with two readable standby DB instances in the Amazon RDS User Guide.

       NOTE:
          The Multi-AZ DB clusters feature is in preview  and  is  subject  to
          change.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-role-from-db-cluster
          --db-cluster-identifier <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--feature-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-identifier (string)
          The name of the DB cluster to disassociate the IAM role from.

       --role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to disassociate from
          the       Aurora        DB        cluster,        for        example
          arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/AuroraAccessRole .

       --feature-name (string)
          The  name  of the feature for the DB cluster that the IAM role is to
          be disassociated  from.  For  information  about  supported  feature
          names, see  DBEngineVersion .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role from a
       DB cluster

       The following remove-role-from-db-cluster example removes a role from a
       DB cluster.

          aws rds remove-role-from-db-cluster \
              --db-cluster-identifier mydbcluster \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/RDSLoadFromS3

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Associating an IAM role with an Amazon Aurora
       MySQL DB cluster in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()
