REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()                        REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes metadata tags from an Amazon RDS resource.

       For  an  overview on tagging an Amazon RDS resource, see Tagging Amazon
       RDS Resources in the Amazon RDS User Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The Amazon RDS resource that the tags are removed from.  This  value
          is  an Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For information about creating an
          ARN, see Constructing an ARN for Amazon RDS in the Amazon  RDS  User
          Guide.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag key (name) of the tag to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a resource

       The following remove-tags-from-resource example removes tags from a re-
       source.

          aws rds remove-tags-from-resource \
              --resource-name arn:aws:rds:us-east-1:123456789012:db:mydbinstance \
              --tag-keys Name Environment

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Tagging Amazon RDS resources in the Amazon
       RDS User Guide and Tagging Amazon RDS resources in  the  Amazon  Aurora
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()
