LIST-SERVICES()                                                LIST-SERVICES()



NAME
       list-services -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  services that have been discovered by Application
       Signals. A service represents a minimum logical and transactional  unit
       that completes a business function. Services are discovered through Ap-
       plication Signals instrumentation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-services is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: ServiceSummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-services
          --start-time <value>
          --end-time <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --start-time (timestamp)
          The  start  of  the  time period to retrieve information about. When
          used in a raw HTTP Query API, it is formatted as be  epoch  time  in
          seconds. For example: 1698778057

          Your requested start time will be rounded to the nearest hour.

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The  end of the time period to retrieve information about. When used
          in a raw HTTP Query API, it is formatted as be epoch  time  in  sec-
          onds. For example: 1698778057

          Your requested start time will be rounded to the nearest hour.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       StartTime -> (timestamp)
          The  start  of the time period that the returned information applies
          to. When used in a raw HTTP Query API, it is formatted as  be  epoch
          time in seconds. For example: 1698778057

          This  displays  the  time  that Application Signals used for the re-
          quest. It might not match  your  request  exactly,  because  it  was
          rounded to the nearest hour.

       EndTime -> (timestamp)
          The end of the time period that the returned information applies to.
          When used in a raw HTTP Query API, it is formatted as be epoch  time
          in seconds. For example: 1698778057

          This  displays  the  time  that Application Signals used for the re-
          quest. It might not match  your  request  exactly,  because  it  was
          rounded to the nearest hour.

       ServiceSummaries -> (list)
          An  array of structures, where each structure contains some informa-
          tion about a service. To get complete information about  a  service,
          use GetService .

          (structure)
              This  structure  contains information about one of your services
              that was discovered by Application Signals

              KeyAttributes -> (map)
                 This is a string-to-string map that help identify the objects
                 discovered by Application Signals. It can include the follow-
                 ing fields.

                 o Type designates the type of object this is.

                 o ResourceType specifies the type of the resource. This field
                   is  used  only when the value of the Type field is Resource
                   or AWS::Resource .

                 o Name specifies the name of the object. This is used only if
                   the value of the Type field is Service , RemoteService , or
                   AWS::Service .

                 o Identifier identifies the  resource  objects  of  this  re-
                   source. This is used only if the value of the Type field is
                   Resource or AWS::Resource .

                 o Environment specifies the location  where  this  object  is
                   hosted, or what it belongs to.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              AttributeMaps -> (list)
                 This  structure  contains  one  or more string-to-string maps
                 that help identify this service. It can include platform  at-
                 tributes  , application attributes , and telemetry attributes
                 .

                 Platform attributes contain information the  service's  plat-
                 form.

                 o PlatformType defines the hosted-in platform.

                 o EKS.Cluster is the name of the Amazon EKS cluster.

                 o K8s.Cluster is the name of the self-hosted Kubernetes clus-
                   ter.

                 o K8s.Namespace is the name of the  Kubernetes  namespace  in
                   either Amazon EKS or Kubernetes clusters.

                 o K8s.Workload  is the name of the Kubernetes workload in ei-
                   ther Amazon EKS or Kubernetes clusters.

                 o K8s.Node is the name of the Kubernetes node in either  Ama-
                   zon EKS or Kubernetes clusters.

                 o K8s.Pod  is the name of the Kubernetes pod in either Amazon
                   EKS or Kubernetes clusters.

                 o EC2.AutoScalingGroup is the name of  the  Amazon  EC2  Auto
                   Scaling group.

                 o EC2.InstanceId is the ID of the Amazon EC2 instance.

                 o Host is the name of the host, for all platform types.

                 Application attributes contain information about the applica-
                 tion.

                 o AWS.Application is the application's  name  in  Amazon  Web
                   Services Service Catalog AppRegistry.

                 o AWS.Application.ARN  is the application's ARN in Amazon Web
                   Services Service Catalog AppRegistry.

                 Telemetry attributes contain telemetry information.

                 o Telemetry.SDK is the fingerprint of the  OpenTelemetry  SDK
                   version for instrumented services.

                 o Telemetry.Agent  is  the  fingerprint  of the agent used to
                   collect and send telemetry data.

                 o Telemetry.Source Specifies the point of  application  where
                   the  telemetry was collected or specifies what was used for
                   the source of telemetry data.

                 (map)
                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

              MetricReferences -> (list)
                 An array of structures that each  contain  information  about
                 one metric associated with this service.

                 (structure)
                     This  structure contains information about one CloudWatch
                     metric associated with this entity discovered by Applica-
                     tion Signals.

                     Namespace -> (string)
                        The namespace of the metric. For more information, see
                        CloudWatchNamespaces .

                     MetricType -> (string)
                        Used to display  the  appropriate  statistics  in  the
                        CloudWatch console.

                     Dimensions -> (list)
                        An array of one or more dimensions that further define
                        the    metric.    For    more     information,     see
                        CloudWatchDimensions .

                        (structure)
                            A  dimension  is a name/value pair that is part of
                            the identity of a metric. Because  dimensions  are
                            part  of the unique identifier for a metric, when-
                            ever you add a unique name/value pair  to  one  of
                            your  metrics, you are creating a new variation of
                            that metric. For example, many Amazon EC2  metrics
                            publish  InstanceId  as  a dimension name, and the
                            actual instance ID as the value  for  that  dimen-
                            sion.

                            You can assign up to 30 dimensions to a metric.

                            Name -> (string)
                               The name of the dimension. Dimension names must
                               contain only ASCII characters, must include  at
                               least  one non-whitespace character, and cannot
                               start with a colon (: ). ASCII control  charac-
                               ters  are  not  supported  as part of dimension
                               names.

                            Value -> (string)
                               The value of the  dimension.  Dimension  values
                               must contain only ASCII characters and must in-
                               clude at least  one  non-whitespace  character.
                               ASCII  control  characters are not supported as
                               part of dimension values.

                     MetricName -> (string)
                        The name of the metric.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Include this value in your next use of this API to get next  set  of
          services.



                                                               LIST-SERVICES()
