ADD-COMMUNICATION-TO-CASE()                        ADD-COMMUNICATION-TO-CASE()



NAME
       add-communication-to-case -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  additional  customer communication to an Amazon Web Services Sup-
       port case. Use the caseId parameter to identify the case  to  which  to
       add communication. You can list a set of email addresses to copy on the
       communication by using the ccEmailAddresses parameter.  The  communica-
       tionBody value contains the text of the communication.

       NOTE:

          o You  must  have a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise Sup-
            port plan to use the Amazon Web Services Support API.

          o If you call the Amazon Web Services Support API  from  an  account
            that  does  not have a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise
            Support plan, the SubscriptionRequiredException error message  ap-
            pears.  For  information  about  changing  your  support plan, see
            Amazon Web Services Support .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-communication-to-case
          [--case-id <value>]
          --communication-body <value>
          [--cc-email-addresses <value>]
          [--attachment-set-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --case-id (string)
          The support case ID requested or returned in the call. The  case  ID
          is  an  alphanumeric  string  formatted  as  shown  in this example:
          case-12345678910-2013-c4c1d2bf33c5cf47

       --communication-body (string)
          The body of an email communication to add to the support case.

       --cc-email-addresses (list)
          The email addresses in the CC line of an email to be  added  to  the
          support case.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --attachment-set-id (string)
          The  ID of a set of one or more attachments for the communication to
          add to the case. Create the set by calling  AddAttachmentsToSet

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add communication to a case

       The following add-communication-to-case example adds communications  to
       a support case in your AWS account.

          aws support add-communication-to-case \
              --case-id "case-12345678910-2013-c4c1d2bf33c5cf47" \
              --communication-body "I'm attaching a set of images to this case." \
              --cc-email-addresses "myemail@example.com" \
              --attachment-set-id "as-2f5a6faa2a4a1e600-mu-nk5xQlBr70-G1cUos5LZkd38KOAHZa9BMDVzNEXAMPLE"

       Output:

          {
              "result": true
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Case  management  in the AWS Support User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       result -> (boolean)
          True if  AddCommunicationToCase succeeds. Otherwise, returns an  er-
          ror.



                                                   ADD-COMMUNICATION-TO-CASE()
