DESCRIBE-SEVERITY-LEVELS()                          DESCRIBE-SEVERITY-LEVELS()



NAME
       describe-severity-levels -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  list  of severity levels that you can assign to a support
       case. The severity level for a case is also a field in the  CaseDetails
       data type that you include for a  CreateCase request.

       NOTE:

          o You  must  have a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise Sup-
            port plan to use the Amazon Web Services Support API.

          o If you call the Amazon Web Services Support API  from  an  account
            that  does  not have a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise
            Support plan, the SubscriptionRequiredException error message  ap-
            pears.  For  information  about  changing  your  support plan, see
            Amazon Web Services Support .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-severity-levels
          [--language <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --language (string)
          The ISO 639-1 code for the language in  which  Amazon  Web  Services
          provides  support.  Amazon  Web  Services Support currently supports
          English ("en") and Japanese  ("ja").  Language  parameters  must  be
          passed explicitly for operations that take them.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the available severity levels

       The  following  describe-severity-levels  example  lists  the available
       severity levels for a support case.

          aws support describe-severity-levels

       Output:

          {
              "severityLevels": [
                  {
                      "code": "low",
                      "name": "Low"
                  },
                  {
                      "code": "normal",
                      "name": "Normal"
                  },
                  {
                      "code": "high",
                      "name": "High"
                  },
                  {
                      "code": "urgent",
                      "name": "Urgent"
                  },
                  {
                      "code": "critical",
                      "name": "Critical"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Choosing a severity in the AWS  Support  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       severityLevels -> (list)
          The available severity levels for the support case. Available sever-
          ity levels are defined by your service level agreement  with  Amazon
          Web Services.

          (structure)
              A  code  and  name  pair that represents the severity level of a
              support case. The available values depend on  the  support  plan
              for  the  account. For more information, see Choosing a severity
              in the Amazon Web Services Support User Guide .

              code -> (string)
                 The code for case severity level.

                 Valid values: low | normal | high | urgent | critical

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the severity level that corresponds to the sever-
                 ity level code.

                 NOTE:
                     The  values  returned  by  the API are different from the
                     values that appear in the  Amazon  Web  Services  Support
                     Center.  For example, the API uses the code low , but the
                     name appears as General guidance in Support Center.

                     The following are the API code names and how they  appear
                     in the console:

                     o low - General guidance

                     o normal - System impaired

                     o high - Production system impaired

                     o urgent - Production system down

                     o critical - Business-critical system down

                 For  more  information, see Choosing a severity in the Amazon
                 Web Services Support User Guide .



                                                    DESCRIBE-SEVERITY-LEVELS()
