GET-TAGS()                                                          GET-TAGS()



NAME
       get-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of tags that are associated with a resource group, spec-
       ified by an ARN.
          Minimum permissions

       To run this command, you must have the following permissions:

       o resource-groups:GetTags

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-tags
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource group whose tags you want to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the tags attached to a resource group

       The following get-tags example displays the tag key and value pairs at-
       tached  to the specified resource group (the group itself, not its mem-
       bers).

          aws resource-groups get-tags \
              --arn arn:aws:resource-groups:us-west-2:123456789012:group/tbq-WebServer

       Output:

          {
              "Arn": "arn:aws:resource-groups:us-west-2:123456789012:group/tbq-WebServer",
              "Tags": {
                  "QueryType": "tags",
                  "QueryResources": "ec2-instances"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the tagged resource group.

       Tags -> (map)
          The tags associated with the specified resource group.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                    GET-TAGS()
