GROUP-RESOURCES()                                            GROUP-RESOURCES()



NAME
       group-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds the specified resources to the specified group.
          Minimum permissions

       To run this command, you must have the following permissions:

       o resource-groups:GroupResources

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            group-resources
          --group <value>
          --resource-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group (string)
          The name or the ARN of the resource group to add resources to.

       --resource-arns (list)
          The list of ARNs for resources to be added to the group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Succeeded -> (list)
          A  list  of  ARNs  of  resources that were successfully added to the
          group by this operation.

          (string)

       Failed -> (list)
          A list of ARNs of any resources that failed to be added to the group
          by this operation.

          (structure)
              A resource that failed to be added to or removed from a group.

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource that failed to be added or removed.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message text associated with the failure.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code associated with the failure.

       Pending -> (list)
          A list of ARNs of any resources that are still in the process of be-
          ing added to the group by this operation.  These  pending  additions
          continue  asynchronously.  You can check the status of pending addi-
          tions by using the ``  ListGroupResources `` operation, and checking
          the Resources array in the response and the Status field of each ob-
          ject in that array.

          (structure)
              A structure that identifies a resource that is currently pending
              addition  to  the  group as a member. Adding a resource to a re-
              source group happens asynchronously as  a  background  task  and
              this one isn't completed yet.

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  resource  name (ARN) of the resource that's in a
                 pending state.



                                                             GROUP-RESOURCES()
