UNGROUP-RESOURCES()                                        UNGROUP-RESOURCES()



NAME
       ungroup-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified resources from the specified group.
          Minimum permissions

       To run this command, you must have the following permissions:

       o resource-groups:UngroupResources

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            ungroup-resources
          --group <value>
          --resource-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group (string)
          The  name  or the ARN of the resource group from which to remove the
          resources.

       --resource-arns (list)
          The ARNs of the resources to be removed from the group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Succeeded -> (list)
          A list of resources that were successfully removed from the group by
          this operation.

          (string)

       Failed -> (list)
          A  list of any resources that failed to be removed from the group by
          this operation.

          (structure)
              A resource that failed to be added to or removed from a group.

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource that failed to be added or removed.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message text associated with the failure.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code associated with the failure.

       Pending -> (list)
          A list of any resources that are still in the process of  being  re-
          moved  from the group by this operation. These pending removals con-
          tinue asynchronously. You can check the status of  pending  removals
          by using the ``  ListGroupResources `` operation. After the resource
          is successfully removed, it no longer appears in the response.

          (structure)
              A structure that identifies a resource that is currently pending
              addition  to  the  group as a member. Adding a resource to a re-
              source group happens asynchronously as  a  background  task  and
              this one isn't completed yet.

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  resource  name (ARN) of the resource that's in a
                 pending state.



                                                           UNGROUP-RESOURCES()
