UNTAG()                                                                UNTAG()



NAME
       untag -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes tags from a specified resource group.
          Minimum permissions

       To run this command, you must have the following permissions:

       o resource-groups:Untag

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag
          --arn <value>
          --keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource group from which to remove tags. The command
          removed both the specified keys and any values associated with those
          keys.

       --keys (list)
          The keys of the tags to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a resource group

       The  following  untags  example  removes any tag with the specified key
       from the resource group itself, not its members.

          aws resource-groups untag \
              --arn arn:aws:resource-groups:us-west-2:123456789012:group/tbq-WebServer \
              --keys QueryType

       Output:

          {
              "Arn": "arn:aws:resource-groups:us-west-2:123456789012:group/tbq-WebServer",
              "Keys": [
                  "QueryType"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Manage tags in the AWS Resource  Groups  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the resource group from which tags have been removed.

       Keys -> (list)
          The keys of the tags that were removed.

          (string)



                                                                       UNTAG()
