CREATE-GROUP()                                                  CREATE-GROUP()



NAME
       create-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  group  which  you  can  use to associate canaries with each
       other, including cross-Region canaries. Using groups can help you  with
       managing and automating your canaries, and you can also view aggregated
       run results and statistics for all canaries in a group.

       Groups are global resources. When you create a group, it is  replicated
       across  Amazon  Web  Services  Regions, and you can view it and add ca-
       naries to it from any Region. Although the group  ARN  format  reflects
       the Region name where it was created, a group is not constrained to any
       Region. This means that you can put canaries from multiple Regions into
       the same group, and then use that group to view and manage all of those
       canaries in a single view.

       Groups are supported in all Regions except the Regions  that  are  dis-
       abled  by  default.  For  more  information  about  these  Regions, see
       Enabling a Region .

       Each group can contain as many as 10 canaries. You can have as many  as
       20  groups  in your account. Any single canary can be a member of up to
       10 groups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-group
          --name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name for the group. It can include any Unicode characters.

          The names for all groups in your account, across all  Regions,  must
          be unique.

       --tags (map)
          A list of key-value pairs to associate with the group. You can asso-
          ciate as many as 50 tags with a group.

          Tags can help you organize and categorize your  resources.  You  can
          also  use them to scope user permissions, by granting a user permis-
          sion to access or change only the resources that  have  certain  tag
          values.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Group -> (structure)
          A structure that contains information about the group that was  just
          created.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique ID of the group.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the group.

          Arn -> (string)
              The ARN of the group.

          Tags -> (map)
              The list of key-value pairs that are associated with the canary.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the group was created.

          LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the group was most recently updated.



                                                                CREATE-GROUP()
