LIST-GROUP-RESOURCES()                                  LIST-GROUP-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-group-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation returns a list of the ARNs of the canaries that are as-
       sociated with the specified group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-group-resources
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          --group-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          A token that indicates that there is more data  available.  You  can
          use this token in a subsequent operation to retrieve the next set of
          results.

       --max-results (integer)
          Specify this parameter to limit how many canary  ARNs  are  returned
          each time you use the ListGroupResources operation. If you omit this
          parameter, the default of 20 is used.

       --group-identifier (string)
          Specifies the group to return information for. You can  specify  the
          group name, the ARN, or the group ID as the GroupIdentifier .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Resources -> (list)
          An array of ARNs. These ARNs are for the canaries that  are  associ-
          ated with the group.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  that  indicates that there is more data available. You can
          use this token in a subsequent ListGroupResources operation  to  re-
          trieve the next set of results.



                                                        LIST-GROUP-RESOURCES()
