STOP-CANARY()                                                    STOP-CANARY()



NAME
       stop-canary -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops the canary to prevent all future runs. If the canary is currently
       running, Synthetics stops waiting for the current run of the  specified
       canary  to  complete. The run that is in progress completes on its own,
       publishes metrics, and uploads artifacts, but it  is  not  recorded  in
       Synthetics as a completed run.

       You can use StartCanary to start it running again with the canarys cur-
       rent schedule at any point in the future.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-canary
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the canary that you want to stop. To find the  names  of
          your canaries, use DescribeCanaries .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 STOP-CANARY()
