DELETE-LF-TAG()                                                DELETE-LF-TAG()



NAME
       delete-lf-tag -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  LF-tag key name. If the attribute key does not
       exist or the LF-tag does not exist, then the operation will not do any-
       thing.  If  the  attribute key exists, then the operation checks if any
       resources are tagged with this attribute key, if yes, the API throws  a
       400  Exception  with the message "Delete not allowed" as the LF-tag key
       is still attached with resources. You can consider untagging  resources
       with this LF-tag key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-lf-tag
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --tag-key <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID. The
          Data Catalog is the persistent metadata store. It contains  database
          definitions,  table  definitions,  and  other control information to
          manage your Lake Formation environment.

       --tag-key (string)
          The key-name for the LF-tag to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-LF-TAG()
