DESCRIBE-TRANSACTION()                                  DESCRIBE-TRANSACTION()



NAME
       describe-transaction -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the details of a single transaction.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-transaction
          --transaction-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transaction-id (string)
          The transaction for which to return status.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TransactionDescription -> (structure)
          Returns a TransactionDescription object containing information about
          the transaction.

          TransactionId -> (string)
              The ID of the transaction.

          TransactionStatus -> (string)
              A status of ACTIVE, COMMITTED, or ABORTED.

          TransactionStartTime -> (timestamp)
              The time when the transaction started.

          TransactionEndTime -> (timestamp)
              The time when the transaction committed or aborted, if it is not
              currently active.



                                                        DESCRIBE-TRANSACTION()
