GET-LF-TAG()                                                      GET-LF-TAG()



NAME
       get-lf-tag -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an LF-tag definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-lf-tag
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --tag-key <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID. The
          Data Catalog is the persistent metadata store. It contains  database
          definitions,  table  definitions,  and  other control information to
          manage your Lake Formation environment.

       --tag-key (string)
          The key-name for the LF-tag.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CatalogId -> (string)
          The identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID. The
          Data Catalog is the persistent metadata store. It contains  database
          definitions,  table  definitions,  and  other control information to
          manage your Lake Formation environment.

       TagKey -> (string)
          The key-name for the LF-tag.

       TagValues -> (list)
          A list of possible values an attribute can take.

          (string)



                                                                  GET-LF-TAG()
