GET-QUERY-STATE()                                            GET-QUERY-STATE()



NAME
       get-query-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the state of a query previously submitted. Clients are expected
       to poll GetQueryState to monitor the current state of the planning  be-
       fore  retrieving  the  work units. A query state is only visible to the
       principal that made the initial call to StartQueryPlanning .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-query-state
          --query-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --query-id (string)
          The ID of the plan query operation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Error -> (string)
          An error message when the operation fails.

       State -> (string)
          The state of a query previously submitted. The possible states are:

          o PENDING: the query is pending.

          o WORKUNITS_AVAILABLE: some work units are ready for  retrieval  and
            execution.

          o FINISHED:  the  query planning finished successfully, and all work
            units are ready for retrieval and execution.

          o ERROR: an error occurred with the query, such as an invalid  query
            ID or a backend error.



                                                             GET-QUERY-STATE()
