UPDATE-LF-TAG()                                                UPDATE-LF-TAG()



NAME
       update-lf-tag -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  list  of possible values for the specified LF-tag key. If
       the LF-tag does not exist, the operation throws an EntityNotFoundExcep-
       tion.  The values in the delete key values will be deleted from list of
       possible values. If any value in the delete key values is attached to a
       resource,  then  API  errors out with a 400 Exception - "Update not al-
       lowed". Untag the attribute before deleting the LF-tag key's value.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-lf-tag
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --tag-key <value>
          [--tag-values-to-delete <value>]
          [--tag-values-to-add <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID. The
          Data  Catalog is the persistent metadata store. It contains database
          definitions, table definitions, and  other  control  information  to
          manage your Lake Formation environment.

       --tag-key (string)
          The key-name for the LF-tag for which to add or delete values.

       --tag-values-to-delete (list)
          A list of LF-tag values to delete from the LF-tag.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values-to-add (list)
          A list of LF-tag values to add from the LF-tag.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               UPDATE-LF-TAG()
