CREATE-EMAIL-IDENTITY-POLICY()                  CREATE-EMAIL-IDENTITY-POLICY()



NAME
       create-email-identity-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  the specified sending authorization policy for the given iden-
       tity (an email address or a domain).

       NOTE:
          This API is for the identity owner only. If you  have  not  verified
          the identity, this API will return an error.

       Sending  authorization  is  a feature that enables an identity owner to
       authorize other senders to use its identities.  For  information  about
       using sending authorization, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-email-identity-policy
          --email-identity <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy.

          The policy name cannot exceed 64 characters and can only include al-
          phanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores.

       --policy (string)
          The text of the policy in JSON format. The policy  cannot  exceed  4
          KB.

          For  information about the syntax of sending authorization policies,
          see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                CREATE-EMAIL-IDENTITY-POLICY()
