CREATE-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()        CREATE-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()



NAME
       create-deliverability-test-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  a  new predictive inbox placement test. Predictive inbox place-
       ment tests can help you predict how your messages will  be  handled  by
       various email providers around the world. When you perform a predictive
       inbox placement test, you provide a sample message  that  contains  the
       content  that you plan to send to your customers. Amazon SES then sends
       that message to special email addresses  spread  across  several  major
       email  providers.  After  about 24 hours, the test is complete, and you
       can use the GetDeliverabilityTestReport operation to view  the  results
       of the test.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-deliverability-test-report
          [--report-name <value>]
          --from-email-address <value>
          --content <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --report-name (string)
          A unique name that helps you to identify the predictive inbox place-
          ment test when you retrieve the results.

       --from-email-address (string)
          The email address that the predictive inbox placement test email was
          sent from.

       --content (structure)
          The  HTML  body  of the message that you sent when you performed the
          predictive inbox placement test.

          Simple -> (structure)
              The simple email message. The message consists of a subject  and
              a message body.

              Subject -> (structure)
                 The subject line of the email. The subject line can only con-
                 tain  7-bit  ASCII  characters.  However,  you  can   specify
                 non-ASCII  characters  in  the  subject  line  by  using  en-
                 coded-word syntax, as described in RFC 2047 .

                 Data -> (string)
                     The content of the message itself.

                 Charset -> (string)
                     The character set for the content. Because  of  the  con-
                     straints  of  the  SMTP  protocol,  Amazon SES uses 7-bit
                     ASCII by default. If the text includes characters outside
                     of  the ASCII range, you have to specify a character set.
                     For example, you could specify UTF-8 ,  ISO-8859-1  ,  or
                     Shift_JIS .

              Body -> (structure)
                 The  body  of the message. You can specify an HTML version of
                 the message, a text-only version of the message, or both.

                 Text -> (structure)
                     An object that represents the version of the message that
                     is displayed in email clients that don't support HTML, or
                     clients where the recipient has disabled HTML rendering.

                     Data -> (string)
                        The content of the message itself.

                     Charset -> (string)
                        The character set for the content. Because of the con-
                        straints  of  the SMTP protocol, Amazon SES uses 7-bit
                        ASCII by default. If the text includes characters out-
                        side of the ASCII range, you have to specify a charac-
                        ter set.  For  example,  you  could  specify  UTF-8  ,
                        ISO-8859-1 , or Shift_JIS .

                 Html -> (structure)
                     An object that represents the version of the message that
                     is displayed in email clients  that  support  HTML.  HTML
                     messages  can include formatted text, hyperlinks, images,
                     and more.

                     Data -> (string)
                        The content of the message itself.

                     Charset -> (string)
                        The character set for the content. Because of the con-
                        straints  of  the SMTP protocol, Amazon SES uses 7-bit
                        ASCII by default. If the text includes characters out-
                        side of the ASCII range, you have to specify a charac-
                        ter set.  For  example,  you  could  specify  UTF-8  ,
                        ISO-8859-1 , or Shift_JIS .

          Raw -> (structure)
              The  raw  email  message.  The message has to meet the following
              criteria:

              o The message has to contain a header and a body,  separated  by
                one blank line.

              o All  of the required header fields must be present in the mes-
                sage.

              o Each part of a multipart MIME message must be formatted  prop-
                erly.

              o If you include attachments, they must be in a file format that
                the Amazon SES API v2 supports.

              o The entire message must be Base64 encoded.

              o If any of the MIME parts in your message contain content  that
                is  outside of the 7-bit ASCII character range, you should en-
                code that content to ensure  that  recipients'  email  clients
                render the message properly.

              o The length of any single line of text in the message can't ex-
                ceed 1,000 characters. This restriction is defined in RFC 5321
                .

              Data -> (blob)
                 The  raw email message. The message has to meet the following
                 criteria:

                 o The message has to contain a header and a  body,  separated
                   by one blank line.

                 o All  of  the  required header fields must be present in the
                   message.

                 o Each part of a multipart MIME  message  must  be  formatted
                   properly.

                 o Attachments  must  be  in a file format that the Amazon SES
                   supports.

                 o The entire message must be Base64 encoded.

                 o If any of the MIME parts in your  message  contain  content
                   that  is  outside  of  the 7-bit ASCII character range, you
                   should encode that content to ensure that recipients' email
                   clients render the message properly.

                 o The  length of any single line of text in the message can't
                   exceed 1,000 characters. This restriction is defined in RFC
                   5321 .

          Template -> (structure)
              The template to use for the email message.

              TemplateName -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the template. You will refer to this name when
                 you send email using the SendTemplatedEmail  or  SendBulkTem-
                 platedEmail operations.

              TemplateArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the template.

              TemplateData -> (string)
                 An  object  that  defines the values to use for message vari-
                 ables in the template. This object  is  a  set  of  key-value
                 pairs.  Each  key defines a message variable in the template.
                 The corresponding value defines the value  to  use  for  that
                 variable.

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Simple": {
              "Subject": {
                "Data": "string",
                "Charset": "string"
              },
              "Body": {
                "Text": {
                  "Data": "string",
                  "Charset": "string"
                },
                "Html": {
                  "Data": "string",
                  "Charset": "string"
                }
              }
            },
            "Raw": {
              "Data": blob
            },
            "Template": {
              "TemplateName": "string",
              "TemplateArn": "string",
              "TemplateData": "string"
            }
          }

       --tags (list)
          An  array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that you
          want to associate with the predictive inbox placement test.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource. Tags can help you categorize  and  manage
              resources in different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environ-
              ment, or other criteria. A resource can have as many as 50 tags.

              Each tag consists of a required tag key and  an  associated  tag
              value  ,  both of which you define. A tag key is a general label
              that acts as a category for a more specific  tag  value.  A  tag
              value  acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can con-
              tain as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as  many
              as  256  characters. The characters can be Unicode letters, dig-
              its, white space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : /  =  +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For  each associated resource, each tag key must be unique and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by  Amazon  Web  Services;
                you  cant use it in any tag keys or values that you define. In
                addition, you can't edit or remove tag keys or values that use
                this  prefix. Tags that use this prefix dont count against the
                limit of 50 tags per resource.

              o You can associate tags with public or  shared  resources,  but
                the  tags  are available only for your Amazon Web Services ac-
                count, not any other accounts that share the resource. In  ad-
                dition, the tags are available only for resources that are lo-
                cated in the specified Amazon Web  Services  Region  for  your
                Amazon Web Services account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length  is 0 characters. If you don't want a resource to have
                 a specific tag value, don't specify a value for this  parame-
                 ter.  If you don't specify a value, Amazon SES sets the value
                 to an empty string.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReportId -> (string)
          A unique string that identifies the predictive inbox placement test.

       DeliverabilityTestStatus -> (string)
          The  status of the predictive inbox placement test. If the status is
          IN_PROGRESS , then the predictive inbox placement test is  currently
          running.  Predictive  inbox  placement  tests  are  usually complete
          within 24 hours of creating the test. If the status  is  COMPLETE  ,
          then  the  test  is  finished,  and you can use the GetDeliverabili-
          tyTestReport to view the results of the test.



                                           CREATE-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()
