GET-DEDICATED-IP()                                          GET-DEDICATED-IP()



NAME
       get-dedicated-ip -

DESCRIPTION
       Get information about a dedicated IP address, including the name of the
       dedicated IP pool that it's associated with, as well information  about
       the automatic warm-up process for the address.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-dedicated-ip
          --ip <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ip (string)
          The  IP  address that you want to obtain more information about. The
          value you specify has to be a dedicated IP address that's assocaited
          with your Amazon Web Services account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DedicatedIp -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about a dedicated IP address.

          Ip -> (string)
              An IPv4 address.

          WarmupStatus -> (string)
              The  warm-up  status  of  a dedicated IP address. The status can
              have one of the following values:

              o IN_PROGRESS  The IP address isn't ready  to  use  because  the
                dedicated IP warm-up process is ongoing.

              o DONE  The dedicated IP warm-up process is complete, and the IP
                address is ready to use.

          WarmupPercentage -> (integer)
              Indicates how complete the dedicated IP warm-up process is. When
              this  value  equals  1,  the  address  has completed the warm-up
              process and is ready for use.

          PoolName -> (string)
              The name of the dedicated IP pool that the IP address is associ-
              ated with.



                                                            GET-DEDICATED-IP()
