GET-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATION()                      GET-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATION()



NAME
       get-suppressed-destination -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about a specific email address that's on the sup-
       pression list for your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-suppressed-destination
          --email-address <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-address (string)
          The email address that's on the account suppression list.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SuppressedDestination -> (structure)
          An object containing information about the suppressed email address.

          EmailAddress -> (string)
              The email address that is on the suppression list for  your  ac-
              count.

          Reason -> (string)
              The  reason  that  the address was added to the suppression list
              for your account.

          LastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time when the suppressed destination was  last  up-
              dated, shown in Unix time format.

          Attributes -> (structure)
              An  optional value that can contain additional information about
              the reasons that the address was added to the  suppression  list
              for your account.

              MessageId -> (string)
                 The  unique  identifier  of the email message that caused the
                 email address to be added to the suppression  list  for  your
                 account.

              FeedbackId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier that's generated when an email address is
                 added to the suppression list for your account.



                                                  GET-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATION()
