GET-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()              GET-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()



NAME
       get-deliverability-test-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve the results of a predictive inbox placement test.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-deliverability-test-report
          --report-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --report-id (string)
          A unique string that identifies the predictive inbox placement test.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DeliverabilityTestReport -> (structure)
          An  object  that contains the results of the predictive inbox place-
          ment test.

          ReportId -> (string)
              A unique string that identifies the predictive  inbox  placement
              test.

          ReportName -> (string)
              A name that helps you identify a predictive inbox placement test
              report.

          Subject -> (string)
              The subject line for an email that you submitted in a predictive
              inbox placement test.

          FromEmailAddress -> (string)
              The  sender  address that you specified for the predictive inbox
              placement test.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date and time when the predictive inbox placement  test  was
              created, in Unix time format.

          DeliverabilityTestStatus -> (string)
              The status of the predictive inbox placement test. If the status
              is IN_PROGRESS , then the predictive  inbox  placement  test  is
              currently  running. Predictive inbox placement tests are usually
              complete within 24 hours of creating the test. If the status  is
              COMPLETE , then the test is finished, and you can use the GetDe-
              liverabilityTestReport to view the results of the test.

       OverallPlacement -> (structure)
          An object that specifies how many test messages that were sent  dur-
          ing  the  predictive  inbox placement test were delivered to recipi-
          ents' inboxes, how many were sent to recipients' spam  folders,  and
          how many weren't delivered.

          InboxPercentage -> (double)
              The  percentage  of  emails  that arrived in recipients' inboxes
              during the predictive inbox placement test.

          SpamPercentage -> (double)
              The percentage of emails that arrived  in  recipients'  spam  or
              junk mail folders during the predictive inbox placement test.

          MissingPercentage -> (double)
              The  percentage  of emails that didn't arrive in recipients' in-
              boxes at all during the predictive inbox placement test.

          SpfPercentage -> (double)
              The percentage of emails that were authenticated by using Sender
              Policy  Framework  (SPF)  during  the predictive inbox placement
              test.

          DkimPercentage -> (double)
              The percentage of emails that were authenticated  by  using  Do-
              mainKeys  Identified  Mail  (DKIM)  during  the predictive inbox
              placement test.

       IspPlacements -> (list)
          An object that describes how the test email was handled  by  several
          email providers, including Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo, AOL, and others.

          (structure)
              An  object  that  describes how email sent during the predictive
              inbox placement test was handled by a certain email provider.

              IspName -> (string)
                 The name of the email provider that the inbox placement  data
                 applies to.

              PlacementStatistics -> (structure)
                 An  object  that  contains inbox placement metrics for a spe-
                 cific email provider.

                 InboxPercentage -> (double)
                     The percentage of emails that arrived in recipients'  in-
                     boxes during the predictive inbox placement test.

                 SpamPercentage -> (double)
                     The percentage of emails that arrived in recipients' spam
                     or junk mail folders during the predictive  inbox  place-
                     ment test.

                 MissingPercentage -> (double)
                     The  percentage  of  emails that didn't arrive in recipi-
                     ents' inboxes at all during the predictive  inbox  place-
                     ment test.

                 SpfPercentage -> (double)
                     The percentage of emails that were authenticated by using
                     Sender Policy Framework (SPF) during the predictive inbox
                     placement test.

                 DkimPercentage -> (double)
                     The percentage of emails that were authenticated by using
                     DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) during  the  predictive
                     inbox placement test.

       Message -> (string)
          An object that contains the message that you sent when you performed
          this predictive inbox placement test.

       Tags -> (list)
          An array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that  are
          associated with the predictive inbox placement test.

          (structure)
              An  object  that defines the tags that are associated with a re-
              source. A tag is a label that you optionally  define  and  asso-
              ciate  with  a resource. Tags can help you categorize and manage
              resources in different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environ-
              ment, or other criteria. A resource can have as many as 50 tags.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The  aws:  prefix  is reserved for use by Amazon Web Services;
                you cant use it in any tag keys or values that you define.  In
                addition, you can't edit or remove tag keys or values that use
                this prefix. Tags that use this prefix dont count against  the
                limit of 50 tags per resource.

              o You  can  associate  tags with public or shared resources, but
                the tags are available only for your Amazon Web  Services  ac-
                count,  not any other accounts that share the resource. In ad-
                dition, the tags are available only for resources that are lo-
                cated  in  the  specified  Amazon Web Services Region for your
                Amazon Web Services account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The  maximum
                 length  of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum  length of a tag value is 256 characters. The minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you don't want a resource to  have
                 a  specific tag value, don't specify a value for this parame-
                 ter. If you don't specify a value, Amazon SES sets the  value
                 to an empty string.



                                              GET-DELIVERABILITY-TEST-REPORT()
