GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()                                GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()



NAME
       get-configuration-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Get information about an existing configuration set, including the ded-
       icated IP pool that it's associated with, whether or not  it's  enabled
       for sending email, and more.
          Configuration  sets  are  groups  of rules that you can apply to the
          emails you send. You apply a configuration set to an  email  by  in-
          cluding  a  reference to the configuration set in the headers of the
          email. When you apply a configuration set to an email,  all  of  the
          rules in that configuration set are applied to the email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-configuration-set
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled,  the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       TrackingOptions -> (structure)
          An  object  that  defines  the  open  and click tracking options for
          emails that you send using the configuration set.

          CustomRedirectDomain -> (string)
              The domain to use for tracking open and click events.

          HttpsPolicy -> (string)
              The https policy to use for tracking open and click events.

       DeliveryOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is  used  to  send
          emails that you send using the configuration set.

          TlsPolicy -> (string)
              Specifies  whether  messages  that use the configuration set are
              required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). If the value  is
              Require , messages are only delivered if a TLS connection can be
              established. If the value is Optional , messages can  be  deliv-
              ered in plain text if a TLS connection can't be established.

          SendingPoolName -> (string)
              The name of the dedicated IP pool to associate with the configu-
              ration set.

          MaxDeliverySeconds -> (long)
              The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that Amazon SES  API  v2
              will  attempt  delivery  of  email. If specified, the value must
              greater than or equal to 300 seconds (5 minutes) and  less  than
              or equal to 50400 seconds (840 minutes).

       ReputationOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation
          metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set.

          ReputationMetricsEnabled -> (boolean)
              If true , tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the con-
              figuration  set.  If  false  , tracking of reputation metrics is
              disabled for the configuration set.

          LastFreshStart -> (timestamp)
              The date and time (in Unix time)  when  the  reputation  metrics
              were  last  given  a  fresh  start. When your account is given a
              fresh start, your reputation  metrics  are  calculated  starting
              from the date of the fresh start.

       SendingOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES can send email that
          you send using the configuration set.

          SendingEnabled -> (boolean)
              If true , email sending is enabled for the configuration set. If
              false , email sending is disabled for the configuration set.

       Tags -> (list)
          An  array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that are
          associated with the configuration set.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource. Tags can help you categorize  and  manage
              resources in different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environ-
              ment, or other criteria. A resource can have as many as 50 tags.

              Each tag consists of a required tag key and  an  associated  tag
              value  ,  both of which you define. A tag key is a general label
              that acts as a category for a more specific  tag  value.  A  tag
              value  acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can con-
              tain as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as  many
              as  256  characters. The characters can be Unicode letters, dig-
              its, white space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : /  =  +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For  each associated resource, each tag key must be unique and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by  Amazon  Web  Services;
                you  cant use it in any tag keys or values that you define. In
                addition, you can't edit or remove tag keys or values that use
                this  prefix. Tags that use this prefix dont count against the
                limit of 50 tags per resource.

              o You can associate tags with public or  shared  resources,  but
                the  tags  are available only for your Amazon Web Services ac-
                count, not any other accounts that share the resource. In  ad-
                dition, the tags are available only for resources that are lo-
                cated in the specified Amazon Web  Services  Region  for  your
                Amazon Web Services account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length  is 0 characters. If you don't want a resource to have
                 a specific tag value, don't specify a value for this  parame-
                 ter.  If you don't specify a value, Amazon SES sets the value
                 to an empty string.

       SuppressionOptions -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the suppression list pref-
          erences for your account.

          SuppressedReasons -> (list)
              A  list that contains the reasons that email addresses are auto-
              matically added to the suppression list for your  account.  This
              list can contain any or all of the following:

              o COMPLAINT  Amazon SES adds an email address to the suppression
                list for your account when a message sent to that address  re-
                sults in a complaint.

              o BOUNCE   Amazon  SES  adds an email address to the suppression
                list for your account when a message sent to that address  re-
                sults in a hard bounce.

              (string)
                 The reason that the address was added to the suppression list
                 for your account. The value can be one of the following:

                 o COMPLAINT  Amazon SES added an email address  to  the  sup-
                   pression  list  for  your account because a message sent to
                   that address results in a complaint.

                 o BOUNCE  Amazon SES added an email address to  the  suppres-
                   sion  list  for your account because a message sent to that
                   address results in a hard bounce.

       VdmOptions -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the  VDM  preferences  for
          your configuration set.

          DashboardOptions -> (structure)
              Specifies  additional settings for your VDM configuration as ap-
              plicable to the Dashboard.

              EngagementMetrics -> (string)
                 Specifies the status of your VDM engagement  metrics  collec-
                 tion. Can be one of the following:

                 o ENABLED  Amazon SES enables engagement metrics for the con-
                   figuration set.

                 o DISABLED  Amazon SES disables engagement  metrics  for  the
                   configuration set.

          GuardianOptions -> (structure)
              Specifies  additional settings for your VDM configuration as ap-
              plicable to the Guardian.

              OptimizedSharedDelivery -> (string)
                 Specifies the status of your VDM optimized  shared  delivery.
                 Can be one of the following:

                 o ENABLED   Amazon  SES enables optimized shared delivery for
                   the configuration set.

                 o DISABLED  Amazon SES disables optimized shared delivery for
                   the configuration set.



                                                       GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()
