GET-BLACKLIST-REPORTS()                                GET-BLACKLIST-REPORTS()



NAME
       get-blacklist-reports -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve  a list of the blacklists that your dedicated IP addresses ap-
       pear on.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-blacklist-reports
          --blacklist-item-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --blacklist-item-names (list)
          A list of IP addresses that you want to retrieve blacklist  informa-
          tion about. You can only specify the dedicated IP addresses that you
          use to send email using Amazon SES or Amazon Pinpoint.

          (string)
              An IP address that you want to obtain blacklist information for.

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BlacklistReport -> (map)
          An  object  that  contains information about a blacklist that one of
          your dedicated IP addresses appears on.

          key -> (string)
              An IP address that you want to obtain blacklist information for.

          value -> (list)
              (structure)
                 An object that  contains  information  about  a  blacklisting
                 event  that impacts one of the dedicated IP addresses that is
                 associated with your account.

                 RblName -> (string)
                     The name of the blacklist that the IP address appears on.

                 ListingTime -> (timestamp)
                     The time when the blacklisting event occurred,  shown  in
                     Unix time format.

                 Description -> (string)
                     Additional  information  about the blacklisting event, as
                     provided by the blacklist maintainer.



                                                       GET-BLACKLIST-REPORTS()
