GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()                                      GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()



NAME
       get-email-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  information  about  a  specific identity, including the iden-
       tity's verification status, sending authorization  policies,  its  DKIM
       authentication status, and its custom Mail-From settings.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-email-identity
          --email-identity <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       IdentityType -> (string)
          The email identity type. Note: the MANAGED_DOMAIN identity  type  is
          not supported.

       FeedbackForwardingStatus -> (boolean)
          The feedback forwarding configuration for the identity.

          If  the  value is true , you receive email notifications when bounce
          or complaint events occur. These notifications are sent to  the  ad-
          dress  that  you specified in the Return-Path header of the original
          email.

          You're required to have a method of tracking bounces and complaints.
          If you haven't set up another mechanism for receiving bounce or com-
          plaint notifications (for example, by setting up an  event  destina-
          tion),  you  receive  an  email notification when these events occur
          (even if this setting is disabled).

       VerifiedForSendingStatus -> (boolean)
          Specifies whether or not the identity is verified. You can only send
          email from verified email addresses or domains. For more information
          about verifying identities, see the Amazon Pinpoint User Guide .

       DkimAttributes -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the  DKIM  attributes  for
          the identity.

          SigningEnabled -> (boolean)
              If  the value is true , then the messages that you send from the
              identity are signed using DKIM. If the value is false , then the
              messages that you send from the identity aren't DKIM-signed.

          Status -> (string)
              Describes whether or not Amazon SES has successfully located the
              DKIM records in the DNS records for the domain. The  status  can
              be one of the following:

              o PENDING   The  verification  process was initiated, but Amazon
                SES hasn't yet detected the DKIM records in the DNS configura-
                tion for the domain.

              o SUCCESS  The verification process completed successfully.

              o FAILED  The verification process failed. This typically occurs
                when Amazon SES fails to find the DKIM records in the DNS con-
                figuration of the domain.

              o TEMPORARY_FAILURE   A temporary issue is preventing Amazon SES
                from determining the DKIM authentication status of the domain.

              o NOT_STARTED  The DKIM verification process hasn't been  initi-
                ated for the domain.

          Tokens -> (list)
              If  you  used Easy DKIM to configure DKIM authentication for the
              domain, then this object contains a set of unique  strings  that
              you use to create a set of CNAME records that you add to the DNS
              configuration for your domain. When  Amazon  SES  detects  these
              records  in  the DNS configuration for your domain, the DKIM au-
              thentication process is complete.

              If you configured DKIM authentication for the domain by  provid-
              ing  your own public-private key pair, then this object contains
              the selector for the public key.

              Regardless of the DKIM authentication method you use, Amazon SES
              searches for the appropriate records in the DNS configuration of
              the domain for up to 72 hours.

              (string)

          SigningAttributesOrigin -> (string)
              A string that indicates how DKIM was configured  for  the  iden-
              tity. These are the possible values:

              o AWS_SES   Indicates  that DKIM was configured for the identity
                by using Easy DKIM .

              o EXTERNAL  Indicates that DKIM was configured for the  identity
                by using Bring Your Own DKIM (BYODKIM).

          NextSigningKeyLength -> (string)
              [Easy  DKIM]  The  key  length of the future DKIM key pair to be
              generated. This can be changed at most once per day.

          CurrentSigningKeyLength -> (string)
              [Easy DKIM] The key length of the DKIM key pair in use.

          LastKeyGenerationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              [Easy DKIM] The last time a key  pair  was  generated  for  this
              identity.

       MailFromAttributes -> (structure)
          An  object  that contains information about the Mail-From attributes
          for the email identity.

          MailFromDomain -> (string)
              The name of a domain that an email identity  uses  as  a  custom
              MAIL FROM domain.

          MailFromDomainStatus -> (string)
              The  status  of  the  MAIL FROM domain. This status can have the
              following values:

              o PENDING  Amazon SES hasn't started searching for the MX record
                yet.

              o SUCCESS   Amazon  SES  detected the required MX record for the
                MAIL FROM domain.

              o FAILED  Amazon SES can't find the required MX record,  or  the
                record no longer exists.

              o TEMPORARY_FAILURE  A temporary issue occurred, which prevented
                Amazon SES from determining the status of the  MAIL  FROM  do-
                main.

          BehaviorOnMxFailure -> (string)
              The action to take if the required MX record can't be found when
              you send an email. When you set this value to UseDefaultValue  ,
              the  mail  is  sent using amazonses.com as the MAIL FROM domain.
              When you set this value to RejectMessage , the Amazon SES API v2
              returns  a  MailFromDomainNotVerified error, and doesn't attempt
              to deliver the email.

              These behaviors are taken when the custom MAIL FROM domain  con-
              figuration  is  in  the  Pending , Failed , and TemporaryFailure
              states.

       Policies -> (map)
          A map of policy names to policies.

          key -> (string)
              The name of the policy.

              The policy name cannot exceed 64 characters and can only include
              alphanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores.

          value -> (string)
              The  text of the policy in JSON format. The policy cannot exceed
              4 KB.

              For information about the syntax of sending authorization  poli-
              cies, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       Tags -> (list)
          An  array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that are
          associated with the email identity.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource. Tags can help you categorize  and  manage
              resources in different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environ-
              ment, or other criteria. A resource can have as many as 50 tags.

              Each tag consists of a required tag key and  an  associated  tag
              value  ,  both of which you define. A tag key is a general label
              that acts as a category for a more specific  tag  value.  A  tag
              value  acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can con-
              tain as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as  many
              as  256  characters. The characters can be Unicode letters, dig-
              its, white space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : /  =  +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For  each associated resource, each tag key must be unique and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by  Amazon  Web  Services;
                you  cant use it in any tag keys or values that you define. In
                addition, you can't edit or remove tag keys or values that use
                this  prefix. Tags that use this prefix dont count against the
                limit of 50 tags per resource.

              o You can associate tags with public or  shared  resources,  but
                the  tags  are available only for your Amazon Web Services ac-
                count, not any other accounts that share the resource. In  ad-
                dition, the tags are available only for resources that are lo-
                cated in the specified Amazon Web  Services  Region  for  your
                Amazon Web Services account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length  is 0 characters. If you don't want a resource to have
                 a specific tag value, don't specify a value for this  parame-
                 ter.  If you don't specify a value, Amazon SES sets the value
                 to an empty string.

       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The configuration set used by default when sending from  this  iden-
          tity.



                                                          GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()
