GET-ACCOUNT()                                                    GET-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtain  information  about the email-sending status and capabilities of
       your Amazon SES account in the current Amazon Web Services Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-account
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable  automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       DedicatedIpAutoWarmupEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether or not the automatic warm-up  feature  is  enabled
          for dedicated IP addresses that are associated with your account.

       EnforcementStatus -> (string)
          The  reputation status of your Amazon SES account. The status can be
          one of the following:

          o HEALTHY  There are no reputation-related issues that currently im-
            pact your account.

          o PROBATION   We've identified potential issues with your Amazon SES
            account. We're placing your account under review while you work on
            correcting these issues.

          o SHUTDOWN  Your account's ability to send email is currently paused
            because of an issue with the email sent from  your  account.  When
            you  correct  the  issue, you can contact us and request that your
            account's ability to send email is resumed.

       ProductionAccessEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether or not your account has production access  in  the
          current Amazon Web Services Region.

          If  the  value is false , then your account is in the sandbox . When
          your account is in the sandbox, you can only send email to  verified
          identities.

          If the value is true , then your account has production access. When
          your account has production access, you can send email  to  any  ad-
          dress.  The  sending quota and maximum sending rate for your account
          vary based on your specific use case.

       SendQuota -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the per-day and per-second
          sending limits for your Amazon SES account in the current Amazon Web
          Services Region.

          Max24HourSend -> (double)
              The maximum number of emails that you can send  in  the  current
              Amazon  Web Services Region over a 24-hour period. A value of -1
              signifies an unlimited quota. (This value is also referred to as
              your sending quota .)

          MaxSendRate -> (double)
              The maximum number of emails that you can send per second in the
              current Amazon Web Services Region. This value  is  also  called
              your  maximum sending rate or your maximum TPS (transactions per
              second) rate .

          SentLast24Hours -> (double)
              The number of emails sent from your Amazon SES  account  in  the
              current Amazon Web Services Region over the past 24 hours.

       SendingEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  or  not email sending is enabled for your Amazon
          SES account in the current Amazon Web Services Region.

       SuppressionAttributes -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the email address suppres-
          sion preferences for your account in the current Amazon Web Services
          Region.

          SuppressedReasons -> (list)
              A list that contains the reasons that email  addresses  will  be
              automatically  added  to  the suppression list for your account.
              This list can contain any or all of the following:

              o COMPLAINT  Amazon SES adds an email address to the suppression
                list  for your account when a message sent to that address re-
                sults in a complaint.

              o BOUNCE  Amazon SES adds an email address  to  the  suppression
                list  for your account when a message sent to that address re-
                sults in a hard bounce.

              (string)
                 The reason that the address was added to the suppression list
                 for your account. The value can be one of the following:

                 o COMPLAINT   Amazon  SES  added an email address to the sup-
                   pression list for your account because a  message  sent  to
                   that address results in a complaint.

                 o BOUNCE   Amazon  SES added an email address to the suppres-
                   sion list for your account because a message sent  to  that
                   address results in a hard bounce.

       Details -> (structure)
          An object that defines your account details.

          MailType -> (string)
              The  type of email your account is sending. The mail type can be
              one of the following:

              o MARKETING  Most of your sending traffic is to keep  your  cus-
                tomers informed of your latest offering.

              o TRANSACTIONAL   Most of your sending traffic is to communicate
                during a transaction with a customer.

          WebsiteURL -> (string)
              The URL of your website. This information helps us better under-
              stand the type of content that you plan to send.

          ContactLanguage -> (string)
              The language you would prefer for the case. The contact language
              can be one of ENGLISH or JAPANESE .

          UseCaseDescription -> (string)
              A description of the types of email that you plan to send.

          AdditionalContactEmailAddresses -> (list)
              Additional email addresses where updates are sent about your ac-
              count review process.

              (string)

          ReviewDetails -> (structure)
              Information  about  the review of the latest details you submit-
              ted.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the latest review of your account.  The  status
                 can be one of the following:

                 o PENDING   We  have  received  your  appeal  and  are in the
                   process of reviewing it.

                 o GRANTED  Your appeal has been reviewed and your  production
                   access has been granted.

                 o DENIED   Your  appeal has been reviewed and your production
                   access has been denied.

                 o FAILED  An internal error occurred and  we  didn't  receive
                   your appeal. You can submit your appeal again.

              CaseId -> (string)
                 The associated support center case ID (if any).

       VdmAttributes -> (structure)
          The VDM attributes that apply to your Amazon SES account.

          VdmEnabled -> (string)
              Specifies  the  status  of your VDM configuration. Can be one of
              the following:

              o ENABLED  Amazon SES enables VDM for your account.

              o DISABLED  Amazon SES disables VDM for your account.

          DashboardAttributes -> (structure)
              Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as  ap-
              plicable to the Dashboard.

              EngagementMetrics -> (string)
                 Specifies  the  status of your VDM engagement metrics collec-
                 tion. Can be one of the following:

                 o ENABLED  Amazon SES enables engagement metrics for your ac-
                   count.

                 o DISABLED   Amazon  SES disables engagement metrics for your
                   account.

          GuardianAttributes -> (structure)
              Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as  ap-
              plicable to the Guardian.

              OptimizedSharedDelivery -> (string)
                 Specifies  the  status of your VDM optimized shared delivery.
                 Can be one of the following:

                 o ENABLED  Amazon SES enables optimized shared  delivery  for
                   your account.

                 o DISABLED  Amazon SES disables optimized shared delivery for
                   your account.



                                                                 GET-ACCOUNT()
