GET-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEMPLATEGET-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       get-custom-verification-email-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  custom  email verification template for the template name
       you specify.

       For more information about custom  verification  email  templates,  see
       Using  Custom  Verification Email Templates in the Amazon SES Developer
       Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-custom-verification-email-template
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The name of the custom verification email template that you want  to
          retrieve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TemplateName -> (string)
          The name of the custom verification email template.

       FromEmailAddress -> (string)
          The email address that the custom verification email is sent from.

       TemplateSubject -> (string)
          The subject line of the custom verification email.

       TemplateContent -> (string)
          The content of the custom verification email.

       SuccessRedirectionURL -> (string)
          The  URL  that the recipient of the verification email is sent to if
          his or her address is successfully verified.

       FailureRedirectionURL -> (string)
          The URL that the recipient of the verification email is sent  to  if
          his or her address is not successfully verified.



                                      GET-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()
