LIST-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATIONS()                  LIST-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATIONS()



NAME
       list-suppressed-destinations -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  list  of email addresses that are on the suppression list
       for your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-suppressed-destinations
          [--reasons <value>]
          [--start-date <value>]
          [--end-date <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --reasons (list)
          The factors that caused the email address to be added to .

          (string)
              The reason that the address was added to  the  suppression  list
              for your account. The value can be one of the following:

              o COMPLAINT   Amazon  SES added an email address to the suppres-
                sion list for your account because a message sent to that  ad-
                dress results in a complaint.

              o BOUNCE   Amazon  SES added an email address to the suppression
                list for your account because a message sent to  that  address
                results in a hard bounce.

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            BOUNCE
            COMPLAINT

       --start-date (timestamp)
          Used  to filter the list of suppressed email destinations so that it
          only includes addresses that were added to the list after a specific
          date. The date that you specify should be in Unix time format.

       --end-date (timestamp)
          Used  to filter the list of suppressed email destinations so that it
          only includes addresses that were added to the list  before  a  spe-
          cific date. The date that you specify should be in Unix time format.

       --next-token (string)
          A  token returned from a previous call to ListSuppressedDestinations
          to indicate the position in the list of suppressed email addresses.

       --page-size (integer)
          The number of results to show in a single call to ListSuppressedDes-
          tinations  .  If the number of results is larger than the number you
          specified in this parameter, then the response includes a  NextToken
          element, which you can use to obtain additional results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SuppressedDestinationSummaries -> (list)
          A list of summaries, each containing  a  summary  for  a  suppressed
          email destination.

          (structure)
              A summary that describes the suppressed email address.

              EmailAddress -> (string)
                 The email address that's on the suppression list for your ac-
                 count.

              Reason -> (string)
                 The reason that the address was added to the suppression list
                 for your account.

              LastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and  time when the suppressed destination was last
                 updated, shown in Unix time format.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token that indicates that there are additional email addresses  on
          the suppression list for your account. To view additional suppressed
          addresses, issue another request to ListSuppressedDestinations , and
          pass this token in the NextToken parameter.



                                                LIST-SUPPRESSED-DESTINATIONS()
