LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()                            LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()



NAME
       list-configuration-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       List  all of the configuration sets associated with your account in the
       current region.
          Configuration sets are groups of rules that you  can  apply  to  the
          emails  you  send.  You apply a configuration set to an email by in-
          cluding a reference to the configuration set in the headers  of  the
          email.  When  you  apply a configuration set to an email, all of the
          rules in that configuration set are applied to the email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-configuration-sets
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          A token returned from a previous call  to  ListConfigurationSets  to
          indicate the position in the list of configuration sets.

       --page-size (integer)
          The  number  of  results  to show in a single call to ListConfigura-
          tionSets . If the number of results is larger than  the  number  you
          specified  in this parameter, then the response includes a NextToken
          element, which you can use to obtain additional results.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSets -> (list)
          An array that contains all of the configuration sets in your  Amazon
          SES account in the current Amazon Web Services Region.

          (string)
              The name of a configuration set.
                 Configuration  sets are groups of rules that you can apply to
                 the emails you send. You apply  a  configuration  set  to  an
                 email  by  including  a reference to the configuration set in
                 the headers of the email. When you apply a configuration  set
                 to  an  email, all of the rules in that configuration set are
                 applied to the email.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token that indicates that there are additional configuration  sets
          to  list.  To  view additional configuration sets, issue another re-
          quest to ListConfigurationSets , and pass this token in the  NextTo-
          ken parameter.



                                                     LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()
