PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()      PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-email-identity-dkim-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Used to enable or disable DKIM authentication for an email identity.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-email-identity-dkim-attributes
          --email-identity <value>
          [--signing-enabled | --no-signing-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity.

       --signing-enabled | --no-signing-enabled (boolean)
          Sets the DKIM signing configuration for the identity.

          When  you set this value true , then the messages that are sent from
          the identity are signed using DKIM. If you set this value to false ,
          your messages are sent without DKIM signing.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()
