PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-OPTIONS()PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-OPTIONS()



NAME
       put-configuration-set-sending-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable or disable email sending for messages that use a particular con-
       figuration set in a specific Amazon Web Services Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-configuration-set-sending-options
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--sending-enabled | --no-sending-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set to enable or disable email sending
          for.

       --sending-enabled | --no-sending-enabled (boolean)
          If  true  ,  email  sending is enabled for the configuration set. If
          false , email sending is disabled for the configuration set.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-OPTIONS()
