PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-REPUTATION-OPTPUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-REPUTATION-OPTIONS()



NAME
       put-configuration-set-reputation-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable  or disable collection of reputation metrics for emails that you
       send using a particular configuration set in a specific Amazon Web Ser-
       vices Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-configuration-set-reputation-options
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--reputation-metrics-enabled | --no-reputation-metrics-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       --reputation-metrics-enabled  |  --no-reputation-metrics-enabled (bool-
       ean)
          If true , tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the configu-
          ration  set.  If  false , tracking of reputation metrics is disabled
          for the configuration set.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                    PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-REPUTATION-OPTIONS()
