PUT-DEDICATED-IP-IN-POOL()                          PUT-DEDICATED-IP-IN-POOL()



NAME
       put-dedicated-ip-in-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Move a dedicated IP address to an existing dedicated IP pool.

       NOTE:
          The  dedicated  IP  address that you specify must already exist, and
          must be associated with your Amazon Web Services account.

          The dedicated IP pool you specify must already exist. You can create
          a new pool by using the CreateDedicatedIpPool operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-dedicated-ip-in-pool
          --ip <value>
          --destination-pool-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ip (string)
          The  IP  address that you want to move to the dedicated IP pool. The
          value you specify has to be a dedicated IP address that's associated
          with your Amazon Web Services account.

       --destination-pool-name (string)
          The  name  of  the IP pool that you want to add the dedicated IP ad-
          dress to. You have to specify an IP pool that already exists.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    PUT-DEDICATED-IP-IN-POOL()
