PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-ATTRIBUTPUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-email-identity-mail-from-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Used to enable or disable the custom Mail-From domain configuration for
       an email identity.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-email-identity-mail-from-attributes
          --email-identity <value>
          [--mail-from-domain <value>]
          [--behavior-on-mx-failure <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The verified email identity.

       --mail-from-domain (string)
          The custom MAIL FROM domain that you want the verified  identity  to
          use. The MAIL FROM domain must meet the following criteria:

          o It has to be a subdomain of the verified identity.

          o It can't be used to receive email.

          o It  can't be used in a "From" address if the MAIL FROM domain is a
            destination for feedback forwarding emails.

       --behavior-on-mx-failure (string)
          The action to take if the required MX record isn't  found  when  you
          send an email. When you set this value to UseDefaultValue , the mail
          is sent using amazonses.com as the MAIL FROM domain.  When  you  set
          this  value to RejectMessage , the Amazon SES API v2 returns a Mail-
          FromDomainNotVerified error, and  doesn't  attempt  to  deliver  the
          email.

          These  behaviors are taken when the custom MAIL FROM domain configu-
          ration is in the Pending , Failed , and TemporaryFailure states.

          Possible values:

          o USE_DEFAULT_VALUE

          o REJECT_MESSAGE

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                     PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-ATTRIBUTES()
