PUT-ACCOUNT-DETAILS()                                    PUT-ACCOUNT-DETAILS()



NAME
       put-account-details -

DESCRIPTION
       Update your Amazon SES account details.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-account-details
          --mail-type <value>
          --website-url <value>
          [--contact-language <value>]
          --use-case-description <value>
          [--additional-contact-email-addresses <value>]
          [--production-access-enabled | --no-production-access-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --mail-type (string)
          The type of email your account will send.

          Possible values:

          o MARKETING

          o TRANSACTIONAL

       --website-url (string)
          The URL of your website. This information helps us better understand
          the type of content that you plan to send.

       --contact-language (string)
          The language you would prefer to be contacted with.

          Possible values:

          o EN

          o JA

       --use-case-description (string)
          A description of the types of email that you plan to send.

       --additional-contact-email-addresses (list)
          Additional email addresses that you would like to  be  notified  re-
          garding Amazon SES matters.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --production-access-enabled | --no-production-access-enabled (boolean)
          Indicates  whether or not your account should have production access
          in the current Amazon Web Services Region.

          If the value is false , then your account is in the sandbox  .  When
          your  account is in the sandbox, you can only send email to verified
          identities. Additionally, the maximum number of emails you can  send
          in  a  24-hour  period  (your sending quota) is 200, and the maximum
          number of emails you can send per second (your maximum sending rate)
          is 1.

          If the value is true , then your account has production access. When
          your account has production access, you can send email  to  any  ad-
          dress.  The  sending quota and maximum sending rate for your account
          vary based on your specific use case.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         PUT-ACCOUNT-DETAILS()
