PUT-ACCOUNT-SUPPRESSION-ATTRIBUTES()      PUT-ACCOUNT-SUPPRESSION-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-account-suppression-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Change the settings for the account-level suppression list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-account-suppression-attributes
          [--suppressed-reasons <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --suppressed-reasons (list)
          A  list that contains the reasons that email addresses will be auto-
          matically added to the suppression list for your account. This  list
          can contain any or all of the following:

          o COMPLAINT   Amazon  SES  adds  an email address to the suppression
            list for your account when a message sent to that address  results
            in a complaint.

          o BOUNCE   Amazon  SES adds an email address to the suppression list
            for your account when a message sent to that address results in  a
            hard bounce.

          (string)
              The  reason  that  the address was added to the suppression list
              for your account. The value can be one of the following:

              o COMPLAINT  Amazon SES added an email address to  the  suppres-
                sion  list for your account because a message sent to that ad-
                dress results in a complaint.

              o BOUNCE  Amazon SES added an email address to  the  suppression
                list  for  your account because a message sent to that address
                results in a hard bounce.

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            BOUNCE
            COMPLAINT

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          PUT-ACCOUNT-SUPPRESSION-ATTRIBUTES()
