PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTESPUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-email-identity-feedback-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  to  enable  or  disable feedback forwarding for an identity. This
       setting determines what happens when an identity is  used  to  send  an
       email that results in a bounce or complaint event.

       If  the  value is true , you receive email notifications when bounce or
       complaint events occur. These notifications are  sent  to  the  address
       that you specified in the Return-Path header of the original email.

       You're required to have a method of tracking bounces and complaints. If
       you haven't set up another mechanism for receiving bounce or  complaint
       notifications  (for  example,  by setting up an event destination), you
       receive an email notification when these events  occur  (even  if  this
       setting is disabled).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-email-identity-feedback-attributes
          --email-identity <value>
          [--email-forwarding-enabled | --no-email-forwarding-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity.

       --email-forwarding-enabled | --no-email-forwarding-enabled (boolean)
          Sets the feedback forwarding configuration for the identity.

          If  the  value is true , you receive email notifications when bounce
          or complaint events occur. These notifications are sent to  the  ad-
          dress  that  you specified in the Return-Path header of the original
          email.

          You're required to have a method of tracking bounces and complaints.
          If you haven't set up another mechanism for receiving bounce or com-
          plaint notifications (for example, by setting up an  event  destina-
          tion),  you  receive  an  email notification when these events occur
          (even if this setting is disabled).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTES()
