SEND-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL()              SEND-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL()



NAME
       send-custom-verification-email -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds an email address to the list of identities for your Amazon SES ac-
       count in the current Amazon Web Services Region and attempts to  verify
       it.  As a result of executing this operation, a customized verification
       email is sent to the specified address.

       To use this operation, you must  first  create  a  custom  verification
       email  template.  For  more information about creating and using custom
       verification email templates, see Using Custom Verification Email  Tem-
       plates in the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-custom-verification-email
          --email-address <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--configuration-set-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-address (string)
          The email address to verify.

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the custom verification email template to use when send-
          ing the verification email.

       --configuration-set-name (string)
          Name of a configuration set to use  when  sending  the  verification
          email.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MessageId -> (string)
          The unique message identifier returned from the  SendCustomVerifica-
          tionEmail operation.



                                              SEND-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL()
