UPDATE-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEUPDATE-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       update-custom-verification-email-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an existing custom verification email template.

       For  more  information  about  custom verification email templates, see
       Using Custom Verification Email Templates in the Amazon  SES  Developer
       Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-custom-verification-email-template
          --template-name <value>
          --from-email-address <value>
          --template-subject <value>
          --template-content <value>
          --success-redirection-url <value>
          --failure-redirection-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The  name of the custom verification email template that you want to
          update.

       --from-email-address (string)
          The email address that the custom verification email is sent from.

       --template-subject (string)
          The subject line of the custom verification email.

       --template-content (string)
          The content of the custom verification email. The total size of  the
          email  must  be  less than 10 MB. The message body may contain HTML,
          with some limitations. For more information, see Custom Verification
          Email Frequently Asked Questions in the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       --success-redirection-url (string)
          The  URL  that the recipient of the verification email is sent to if
          his or her address is successfully verified.

       --failure-redirection-url (string)
          The URL that the recipient of the verification email is sent  to  if
          his or her address is not successfully verified.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                   UPDATE-CUSTOM-VERIFICATION-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()
