LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  tags associated with a given transcription job, vocabulary,
       or resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          Lists all tags associated with a given Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN).
          ARNs  have  the  format  arn:partition:service:region:account-id:re-
          source-type/resource-id      (for       example,       arn:aws:tran-
          scribe:us-east-1:account-id:transcription-job/your-job-name ). Valid
          values for resource-type are: transcription-job , medical-transcrip-
          tion-job , vocabulary , medical-vocabulary , vocabulary-filter , and
          language-model .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceArn -> (string)
          Lists all tags associated with the given Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       Tags -> (list)
          Lists  all tags associated with the given transcription job, vocabu-
          lary, or resource.

          (structure)
              A key:value pair that adds metadata to a resource used by Amazon
              Transcribe.  For  example, a tag with the key:value pair Depart-
              ment:Sales might be added to a resource to indicate its  use  by
              your organization's sales department.

              Key -> (string)
                 The  first  part of a key:value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For example, in the  tag  Depart-
                 ment:Sales, the key is 'Department'.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  second part of a key:value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For example, in the  tag  Depart-
                 ment:Sales, the value is 'Sales'.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
