TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one or more custom tags, each in the form of a key:value pair, to
       the specified resource.

       To learn more about using tags with Amazon Transcribe, refer to Tagging
       resources .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource you want to tag. ARNs
          have    the    format    arn:partition:service:region:account-id:re-
          source-type/resource-id .

          For    example,   arn:aws:transcribe:us-west-2:account-id:transcrip-
          tion-job/transcription-job-name .

          Valid  values  for  resource-type  are:  transcription-job  ,  medi-
          cal-transcription-job  ,  vocabulary  , medical-vocabulary , vocabu-
          lary-filter , and language-model .

       --tags (list)
          Adds one or more custom tags, each in the form of a key:value  pair,
          to the specified resource.

          To  learn  more  about  using  tags with Amazon Transcribe, refer to
          Tagging resources .

          (structure)
              Adds metadata, in the form of a key:value pair, to the specified
              resource.

              For  example,  you  could  add the tag Department:Sales to a re-
              source to indicate that it pertains to your organization's sales
              department. You can also use tags for tag-based access control.

              To learn more about tagging, see Tagging resources .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  first  part of a key:value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For example, in the  tag  Depart-
                 ment:Sales , the key is 'Department'.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  second part of a key:value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For example, in the  tag  Depart-
                 ment:Sales , the value is 'Sales'.

                 Note  that you can set the value of a tag to an empty string,
                 but you can't set the value of a tag to  null.  Omitting  the
                 tag value is the same as using an empty string.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
