UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes specified tags from a specified Amazon Transcribe resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Transcribe resource you
          want to remove tags from. ARNs have  the  format  arn:partition:ser-
          vice:region:account-id:resource-type/resource-id    (for    example,
          arn:aws:transcribe:us-east-1:account-id:transcrip-
          tion-job/your-job-name  ). Valid values for resource-type are: tran-
          scription-job , medical-transcription-job , vocabulary , medical-vo-
          cabulary , vocabulary-filter , and language-model .

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list of tag keys you want to remove from a specified Amazon Tran-
          scribe resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
