DELETE-CACHE-SUBNET-GROUP()                        DELETE-CACHE-SUBNET-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-cache-subnet-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a cache subnet group.

       NOTE:
          You  cannot delete a default cache subnet group or one that is asso-
          ciated with any clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-cache-subnet-group
          --cache-subnet-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cache-subnet-group-name (string)
          The name of the cache subnet group to delete.

          Constraints: Must contain no more than 255  alphanumeric  characters
          or hyphens.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a cache subnet group

       The  following  delete-cache-subnet-group example deletes the specified
       cache subnet group. You can't delete a cache subnet group if it's asso-
       ciated with any clusters.

          aws elasticache delete-cache-subnet-group \
              --cache-subnet-group-name "mygroup"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Deleting a Subnet Group in the Elasticache
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-CACHE-SUBNET-GROUP()
