LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all tags currently on a named resource.

       A  tag  is a key-value pair where the key and value are case-sensitive.
       You can use tags to categorize  and  track  all  your  ElastiCache  re-
       sources,  with  the exception of global replication group. When you add
       or remove tags on replication groups, those actions will be  replicated
       to  all  nodes  in  the  replication  group.  For more information, see
       Resource-level permissions .

       If the cluster is not in the available state,  ListTagsForResource  re-
       turns an error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the resource for which you want
          the    list     of     tags,     for     example     arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:cluster:myCluster    or   arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:snapshot:mySnapshot .

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon  Resource  Names  (ARNs)
          and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list tags for a resource

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists tags for a resource.

          aws elasticache list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-name "arn:aws:elasticache:us-east-1:123456789012:cluster:my-cluster"

       Output:

          {
              "TagList": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Project",
                      "Value": "querySpeedUp"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "Environment",
                      "Value": "PROD"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Listing Tags Using the AWS CLI in the Elasti-
       cache User Guide.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags as key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              A tag that can be added to an ElastiCache cluster or replication
              group. Tags are composed of a Key/Value pair. You can  use  tags
              to categorize and track all your ElastiCache resources, with the
              exception of global replication group. When you  add  or  remove
              tags  on replication groups, those actions will be replicated to
              all nodes in the replication group. A tag with a null  Value  is
              permitted.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
