REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()                        REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  tags  identified  by  the TagKeys list from the named re-
       source. A tag is a key-value pair where the key and value are case-sen-
       sitive.  You  can use tags to categorize and track all your ElastiCache
       resources, with the exception of global replication group. When you add
       or  remove tags on replication groups, those actions will be replicated
       to all nodes in  the  replication  group.  For  more  information,  see
       Resource-level permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resource from which you want
          the     tags     removed,      for      example      arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:cluster:myCluster    or   arn:aws:elasti-
          cache:us-west-2:0123456789:snapshot:mySnapshot .

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon  Resource  Names  (ARNs)
          and Amazon Service Namespaces .

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list  of  TagKeys  identifying the tags you want removed from the
          named resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags as key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              A tag that can be added to an ElastiCache cluster or replication
              group. Tags are composed of a Key/Value pair. You can  use  tags
              to categorize and track all your ElastiCache resources, with the
              exception of global replication group. When you  add  or  remove
              tags  on replication groups, those actions will be replicated to
              all nodes in the replication group. A tag with a null  Value  is
              permitted.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                   REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()
