CREATE-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()                        CREATE-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()



NAME
       create-exclusions-preview -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  the  generation  of an exclusions preview for the specified as-
       sessment template. The exclusions preview lists  the  potential  exclu-
       sions  (ExclusionPreview)  that Inspector can detect before it runs the
       assessment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-exclusions-preview
          --assessment-template-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-template-arn (string)
          The ARN that specifies the assessment template for which you want to
          create an exclusions preview.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       previewToken -> (string)
          Specifies the unique identifier of the requested exclusions preview.
          You can use the unique identifier to retrieve the exclusions preview
          when running the GetExclusionsPreview API.



                                                   CREATE-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()
