DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TEMPLATE()                      DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-assessment-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the assessment template that is specified by the ARN of the as-
       sessment template.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-assessment-template
          --assessment-template-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-template-arn (string)
          The ARN that specifies the assessment  template  that  you  want  to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an assessment template

       The following delete-assessment-template command deletes the assessment
       template  with the ARN of arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:tar-
       get/0-nvgVhaxX/template/0-it5r2S4T:

          aws inspector delete-assessment-template --assessment-template-arn arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:target/0-nvgVhaxX/template/0-it5r2S4T

       For more information, see Amazon Inspector Assessment Templates and As-
       sessment Runs in the Amazon Inspector guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TEMPLATE()
