DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()                          DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()



NAME
       delete-assessment-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  assessment target that is specified by the ARN of the as-
       sessment target.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-assessment-target
          --assessment-target-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-target-arn (string)
          The ARN that specifies  the  assessment  target  that  you  want  to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an assessment target

       The following delete-assessment-target command deletes  the  assessment
       target  with  the ARN of  arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:tar-
       get/0-0kFIPusq:

          aws inspector delete-assessment-target --assessment-target-arn arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:target/0-0kFIPusq

       For more information, see Amazon Inspector Assessment  Targets  in  the
       Amazon Inspector guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()
