DESCRIBE-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()      DESCRIBE-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()



NAME
       describe-cross-account-access-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the IAM role that enables Amazon Inspector to access your AWS
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-cross-account-access-role
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe the cross account access role

       The following describe-cross-account-access-role command describes  the
       IAM role that enables Amazon Inspector to access your AWS account:

          aws inspector describe-cross-account-access-role

       Output:

          {
                  "registeredAt": 1458069182.826,
                  "roleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/inspector",
                  "valid": true
          }

       For more information, see Setting up Amazon Inspector in the Amazon In-
       spector guide.

OUTPUT
       roleArn -> (string)
          The ARN that specifies the IAM role that Amazon  Inspector  uses  to
          access your AWS account.

       valid -> (boolean)
          A  Boolean  value that specifies whether the IAM role has the neces-
          sary policies attached to enable Amazon Inspector to access your AWS
          account.

       registeredAt -> (timestamp)
          The date when the cross-account access role was registered.



                                          DESCRIBE-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()
