GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()                                GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()



NAME
       get-assessment-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Produces  an assessment report that includes detailed and comprehensive
       results of a specified assessment run.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-assessment-report
          --assessment-run-arn <value>
          --report-file-format <value>
          --report-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-run-arn (string)
          The ARN that specifies the assessment run for which you want to gen-
          erate a report.

       --report-file-format (string)
          Specifies  the  file  format  (html or pdf) of the assessment report
          that you want to generate.

          Possible values:

          o HTML

          o PDF

       --report-type (string)
          Specifies the type of the assessment report that you want to  gener-
          ate. There are two types of assessment reports: a finding report and
          a full report. For more information, see Assessment Reports .

          Possible values:

          o FINDING

          o FULL

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          Specifies  the  status  of the request to generate an assessment re-
          port.

       url -> (string)
          Specifies the URL where you can find the  generated  assessment  re-
          port.  This parameter is only returned if the report is successfully
          generated.



                                                       GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()
