GET-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()                              GET-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()



NAME
       get-exclusions-preview -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  exclusions preview (a list of ExclusionPreview objects)
       specified by the preview token. You can obtain  the  preview  token  by
       running the CreateExclusionsPreview API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-exclusions-preview
          --assessment-template-arn <value>
          --preview-token <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--locale <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-template-arn (string)
          The  ARN that specifies the assessment template for which the exclu-
          sions preview was requested.

       --preview-token (string)
          The unique identifier associated of the exclusions preview.

       --next-token (string)
          You can use this parameter when paginating results. Set the value of
          this  parameter  to null on your first call to the GetExclusionsPre-
          viewRequest action. Subsequent calls to the action fill nextToken in
          the  request  with the value of nextToken from the previous response
          to continue listing data.

       --max-results (integer)
          You can use this parameter to indicate the maximum number  of  items
          you  want  in  the  response.  The default value is 100. The maximum
          value is 500.

       --locale (string)
          The locale into which you want to translate the  exclusion's  title,
          description, and recommendation.

          Possible values:

          o EN_US

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       previewStatus -> (string)
          Specifies  the  status of the request to generate an exclusions pre-
          view.

       exclusionPreviews -> (list)
          Information about the exclusions included in the preview.

          (structure)
              Contains information about what is excluded from  an  assessment
              run given the current state of the assessment template.

              title -> (string)
                 The name of the exclusion preview.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the exclusion preview.

              recommendation -> (string)
                 The recommendation for the exclusion preview.

              scopes -> (list)
                 The AWS resources for which the exclusion preview pertains.

                 (structure)
                     This  data  type  contains  key-value pairs that identify
                     various Amazon resources.

                     key -> (string)
                        The type of the scope.

                     value -> (string)
                        The resource identifier for the specified scope type.

              attributes -> (list)
                 The system-defined attributes for the exclusion preview.

                 (structure)
                     This data type is used as a request parameter in the  Ad-
                     dAttributesToFindings  and   CreateAssessmentTemplate ac-
                     tions.

                     key -> (string)
                        The attribute key.

                     value -> (string)
                        The value assigned to the attribute key.

       nextToken -> (string)
          When a response is generated, if there is more data  to  be  listed,
          this parameters is present in the response and contains the value to
          use for the nextToken parameter in a subsequent pagination  request.
          If  there  is  no  more  data to be listed, this parameter is set to
          null.



                                                      GET-EXCLUSIONS-PREVIEW()
