REGISTER-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()      REGISTER-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()



NAME
       register-cross-account-access-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  the IAM role that grants Amazon Inspector access to AWS Ser-
       vices needed to perform security assessments.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-cross-account-access-role
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-arn (string)
          The ARN of the IAM role that grants Amazon Inspector access  to  AWS
          Services needed to perform security assessments.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To register the cross account access role

       The  following register-cross-account-access-role command registers the
       IAM role with the ARN of  arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/inspector that
       Amazon  Inspector  uses  to list your EC2 instances at the start of the
       assessment run of when you call the preview-agents command:

          aws inspector register-cross-account-access-role --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/inspector

       For more information, see Setting up Amazon Inspector in the Amazon In-
       spector guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          REGISTER-CROSS-ACCOUNT-ACCESS-ROLE()
