UPDATE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()                          UPDATE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()



NAME
       update-assessment-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  assessment target that is specified by the ARN of the as-
       sessment target.

       If resourceGroupArn is not specified, all EC2 instances in the  current
       AWS account and region are included in the assessment target.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-assessment-target
          --assessment-target-arn <value>
          --assessment-target-name <value>
          [--resource-group-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-target-arn (string)
          The ARN of the assessment target that you want to update.

       --assessment-target-name (string)
          The name of the assessment target that you want to update.

       --resource-group-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the resource group that is used to specify the new re-
          source group to associate with the assessment target.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update an assessment target

       The  following  update-assessment-target command updates the assessment
       target with the  ARN  of  arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:tar-
       get/0-nvgVhaxX and the name of Example, and the resource group with the
       ARN   of   arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:resourcegroup/0-yN-
       bgL5Pt:

          aws inspector update-assessment-target --assessment-target-arn arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:target/0-nvgVhaxX --assessment-target-name Example --resource-group-arn arn:aws:inspector:us-west-2:123456789012:resourcegroup/0-yNbgL5Pt

       For  more  information,  see Amazon Inspector Assessment Targets in the
       Amazon Inspector guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-ASSESSMENT-TARGET()
