DISASSOCIATE-RESOLVER-RULE()                      DISASSOCIATE-RESOLVER-RULE()



NAME
       disassociate-resolver-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the association between a specified Resolver rule and a speci-
       fied VPC.

       WARNING:
          If you disassociate a Resolver rule from a VPC, Resolver stops  for-
          warding  DNS  queries  for the domain name that you specified in the
          Resolver rule.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-resolver-rule
          --vpc-id <value>
          --resolver-rule-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC that you want to disassociate  the  Resolver  rule
          from.

       --resolver-rule-id (string)
          The  ID  of the Resolver rule that you want to disassociate from the
          specified VPC.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a Resolver rule from an Amazon VPC

       The following disassociate-resolver-rule example removes  the  associa-
       tion between the specified Resolver rule and the specified VPC. You can
       disassociate a rule from a VPC in the following circumstances:

       o For DNS queries that originate in this VPC, you want Resolver to stop
         forwarding queries to your network for the domain name that is speci-
         fied in the rule.

       o You want to delete the forwarding rule. If a rule is currently  asso-
         ciated with one or more VPCs, you must disassociate the rule from all
         VPCs before you can delete it.

            aws route53resolver disassociate-resolver-rule \
                --resolver-rule-id rslvr-rr-4955cb98ceexample \
                --vpc-id vpc-304bexam

       Output:

          {
              "ResolverRuleAssociation": {
                  "Id": "rslvr-rrassoc-322f4e8b9cexample",
                  "ResolverRuleId": "rslvr-rr-4955cb98ceexample",
                  "Name": "my-resolver-rule-association",
                  "VPCId": "vpc-304bexam",
                  "Status": "DELETING",
                  "StatusMessage": "[Trace id: 1-5dc5ffa2-a26c38004c1f94006example] Deleting Association"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ResolverRuleAssociation -> (structure)
          Information about the  DisassociateResolverRule  request,  including
          the status of the request.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID of the association between a Resolver rule and a VPC. Re-
              solver   assigns    this    value    when    you    submit    an
              AssociateResolverRule request.

          ResolverRuleId -> (string)
              The  ID  of  the  Resolver rule that you associated with the VPC
              that is specified by VPCId .

          Name -> (string)
              The name of an association between a Resolver rule and a VPC.

          VPCId -> (string)
              The ID of the VPC that you associated the Resolver rule with.

          Status -> (string)
              A code that specifies the current status of the association  be-
              tween a Resolver rule and a VPC.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              A  detailed description of the status of the association between
              a Resolver rule and a VPC.



                                                  DISASSOCIATE-RESOLVER-RULE()
