GET-RESOLVER-ENDPOINT()                                GET-RESOLVER-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       get-resolver-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information  about a specified Resolver endpoint, such as whether
       it's an inbound or an outbound Resolver endpoint, and the current  sta-
       tus of the endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-resolver-endpoint
          --resolver-endpoint-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resolver-endpoint-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  Resolver endpoint that you want to get information
          about.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get information about a Resolver endpoint

       The following get-resolver-endpoint example displays  details  for  the
       outbound specified endpoint. You can use get-resolver-endpoint for both
       inbound and outbound endpoints by specifying  the  applicable  endpoint
       ID.

          aws route53resolver get-resolver-endpoint \
              --resolver-endpoint-id rslvr-out-d5e5920e37example

       Output:

          {
              "ResolverEndpoint": {
                  "Id": "rslvr-out-d5e5920e37example",
                  "CreatorRequestId": "2020-01-01-18:47",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:route53resolver:us-west-2:111122223333:resolver-endpoint/rslvr-out-d5e5920e37example",
                  "Name": "my-outbound-endpoint",
                  "SecurityGroupIds": [
                      "sg-05cd7b25d6example"
                  ],
                  "Direction": "OUTBOUND",
                  "IpAddressCount": 2,
                  "HostVPCId": "vpc-304bexam",
                  "Status": "OPERATIONAL",
                  "StatusMessage": "This Resolver Endpoint is operational.",
                  "CreationTime": "2020-01-01T23:50:50.979Z",
                  "ModificationTime": "2020-01-02T23:50:50.979Z"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see Values That You Specify When You Create or
       Edit Inbound Endpoints in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ResolverEndpoint -> (structure)
          Information about the Resolver endpoint that you specified in a  Ge-
          tResolverEndpoint request.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID of the Resolver endpoint.

          CreatorRequestId -> (string)
              A unique string that identifies the request that created the Re-
              solver endpoint. The CreatorRequestId allows failed requests  to
              be retried without the risk of running the operation twice.

          Arn -> (string)
              The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the Resolver endpoint.

          Name -> (string)
              The  name  that  you  assigned to the Resolver endpoint when you
              submitted a CreateResolverEndpoint request.

          SecurityGroupIds -> (list)
              The ID of one or more security groups  that  control  access  to
              this  VPC.  The  security group must include one or more inbound
              rules (for inbound endpoints) or outbound  rules  (for  outbound
              endpoints).  Inbound  and  outbound rules must allow TCP and UDP
              access. For inbound access, open port 53. For  outbound  access,
              open the port that you're using for DNS queries on your network.

              (string)

          Direction -> (string)
              Indicates  whether  the Resolver endpoint allows inbound or out-
              bound DNS queries:

              o INBOUND : allows DNS queries to your VPC from your network

              o OUTBOUND : allows DNS queries from your VPC to your network

          IpAddressCount -> (integer)
              The number of IP addresses that the Resolver  endpoint  can  use
              for DNS queries.

          HostVPCId -> (string)
              The  ID of the VPC that you want to create the Resolver endpoint
              in.

          Status -> (string)
              A code that specifies the current status of  the  Resolver  end-
              point. Valid values include the following:

              o CREATING  :  Resolver  is creating and configuring one or more
                Amazon VPC network interfaces for this endpoint.

              o OPERATIONAL : The Amazon VPC network interfaces for this  end-
                point  are  correctly  configured  and able to pass inbound or
                outbound DNS queries between your network and Resolver.

              o UPDATING : Resolver is associating or  disassociating  one  or
                more network interfaces with this endpoint.

              o AUTO_RECOVERING : Resolver is trying to recover one or more of
                the network interfaces that are associated with this endpoint.
                During  the recovery process, the endpoint functions with lim-
                ited capacity because of  the  limit  on  the  number  of  DNS
                queries  per  IP address (per network interface). For the cur-
                rent limit, see Limits on Route 53 Resolver .

              o ACTION_NEEDED : This endpoint is unhealthy, and Resolver can't
                automatically recover it. To resolve the problem, we recommend
                that you check each IP address that you  associated  with  the
                endpoint.  For  each  IP address that isn't available, add an-
                other IP address and then delete the  IP  address  that  isn't
                available.  (An  endpoint  must always include at least two IP
                addresses.) A status of ACTION_NEEDED can have  a  variety  of
                causes. Here are two common causes:

                o One  or  more  of the network interfaces that are associated
                  with the endpoint were deleted using Amazon VPC.

                o The network interface couldn't be created  for  some  reason
                  that's outside the control of Resolver.

              o DELETING  : Resolver is deleting this endpoint and the associ-
                ated network interfaces.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              A detailed description of the status of the Resolver endpoint.

          CreationTime -> (string)
              The date and time that the endpoint was created,  in  Unix  time
              format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).

          ModificationTime -> (string)
              The  date  and time that the endpoint was last modified, in Unix
              time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).



                                                       GET-RESOLVER-ENDPOINT()
