GET-RESOLVER-CONFIG()                                    GET-RESOLVER-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-resolver-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the behavior configuration of Route 53 Resolver behavior for
       a single VPC from Amazon Virtual Private Cloud.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-resolver-config
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          Resource ID of the Amazon VPC  that  you  want  to  get  information
          about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResolverConfig -> (structure)
          Information  about  the  behavior configuration of Route 53 Resolver
          behavior for the VPC you specified in the GetResolverConfig request.

          Id -> (string)
              ID for the Resolver configuration.

          ResourceId -> (string)
              The ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud VPC that you're  con-
              figuring Resolver for.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The owner account ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud VPC.

          AutodefinedReverse -> (string)
              The  status  of  whether or not the Resolver will create autode-
              fined rules for reverse DNS lookups. This is enabled by default.
              The status can be one of following:

              Status  of  the rules generated by VPCs based on CIDR/Region for
              reverse DNS resolution. The status can be one of following:

              o ENABLING: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are  being
                enabled but are not complete.

              o ENABLED:  Autodefined  rules  for  reverse DNS lookups are en-
                abled.

              o DISABLING: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are being
                disabled but are not complete.

              o DISABLED:  Autodefined  rules for reverse DNS lookups are dis-
                abled.



                                                         GET-RESOLVER-CONFIG()
