GET-FIREWALL-CONFIG()                                    GET-FIREWALL-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-firewall-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  configuration  of the firewall behavior provided by DNS
       Firewall for a single VPC from Amazon  Virtual  Private  Cloud  (Amazon
       VPC).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-firewall-config
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC from Amazon VPC that the configuration is for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get a firewall config for a VPC

       The  following  get-firewall-config  example retrieves the DNS Firewall
       behavior for the specified VPC.

          aws route53resolver get-firewall-config \
              --resource-id vpc-31e92222

       Output:

          {
              "FirewallConfig": {
                  "Id": "rslvr-fc-86016850cexample",
                  "ResourceId": "vpc-31e9222",
                  "OwnerId": "123456789012",
                  "FirewallFailOpen": "DISABLED"
              }
          }

       For more information, see DNS Firewall VPC configuration in the  Amazon
       Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       FirewallConfig -> (structure)
          Configuration  of the firewall behavior provided by DNS Firewall for
          a single VPC from AmazonVPC.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID of the firewall configuration.

          ResourceId -> (string)
              The ID of the VPC that this firewall configuration applies to.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the owner of the VPC  that
              this firewall configuration applies to.

          FirewallFailOpen -> (string)
              Determines  how DNS Firewall operates during failures, for exam-
              ple when all traffic that is sent to DNS Firewall fails  to  re-
              ceive a reply.

              o By  default,  fail  open  is disabled, which means the failure
                mode is closed. This approach favors security over  availabil-
                ity. DNS Firewall returns a failure error when it is unable to
                properly evaluate a query.

              o If you enable this option, the failure mode is open. This  ap-
                proach  favors availability over security. DNS Firewall allows
                queries to proceed if it is unable to properly evaluate them.

              This behavior is only enforced for VPCs that have at  least  one
              DNS Firewall rule group association.



                                                         GET-FIREWALL-CONFIG()
