IMPORT-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()                            IMPORT-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()



NAME
       import-firewall-domains -

DESCRIPTION
       Imports  domain  names from a file into a domain list, for use in a DNS
       firewall rule group.

       Each domain specification in your domain list must satisfy the  follow-
       ing requirements:

       o It can optionally start with * (asterisk).

       o With  the  exception  of the optional starting asterisk, it must only
         contain the following characters: A-Z , a-z , 0-9 , - (hyphen).

       o It must be from 1-255 characters in length.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-firewall-domains
          --firewall-domain-list-id <value>
          --operation <value>
          --domain-file-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --firewall-domain-list-id (string)
          The ID of the domain list that you want to modify  with  the  import
          operation.

       --operation (string)
          What you want DNS Firewall to do with the domains that are listed in
          the file. This must be set to REPLACE ,  which  updates  the  domain
          list to exactly match the list in the file.

          Possible values:

          o REPLACE

       --domain-file-url (string)
          The  fully  qualified URL or URI of the file stored in Amazon Simple
          Storage Service (Amazon S3) that contains the list of domains to im-
          port.

          The  file  must be in an S3 bucket that's in the same Region as your
          DNS Firewall. The file must be a text file and must contain a single
          domain per line.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To import domains into a domain list

       The  following import-firewall-domains example imports a set of domains
       from a file into a DNS Firewall domain list that you specify.

          aws route53resolver import-firewall-domains \
              --firewall-domain-list-id rslvr-fdl-d61cbb2cbexample \
              --operation REPLACE \
              --domain-file-url s3://PATH/TO/YOUR/FILE

       Output:

          {
              "Id": "rslvr-fdl-d61cbb2cbexample",
              "Name": "test",
              "Status": "IMPORTING",
              "StatusMessage": "Importing domains from provided file."
          }

       For more information, see Managing your own domain lists in the  Amazon
       Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Id -> (string)
          The Id of the firewall domain list that DNS Firewall just updated.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the domain list.

       Status -> (string)

       StatusMessage -> (string)
          Additional information about the status of the list, if available.



                                                     IMPORT-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()
