LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags that you associated with the specified resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the resource  that  you  want  to
          list tags for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the tags for a Resolver resource

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists the  tags  that  are
       assigned to the specified Resolver rule.

          aws route53resolver list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:route53resolver:us-west-2:111122223333:resolver-rule/rslvr-rr-42b60677c0example"

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "my-key-1",
                      "Value": "my-value-1"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "my-key-2",
                      "Value": "my-value-2"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  information  about  using tags for cost allocation, see Using Cost
       Allocation Tags in the AWS Billing and Cost Management User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The tags that are associated with the resource that you specified in
          the ListTagsForResource request.

          (structure)
              One  tag  that  you want to add to the specified resource. A tag
              consists of a Key (a name for the tag) and a Value .

              Key -> (string)
                 The name for the tag. For example, if you want  to  associate
                 Resolver resources with the account IDs of your customers for
                 billing purposes, the value of Key might be account-id .

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the tag. For example, if Key  is  account-id  ,
                 then  Value  might  be  the  ID  of the customer account that
                 you're creating the resource for.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If more than MaxResults tags match the specified criteria,  you  can
          submit  another ListTagsForResource request to get the next group of
          results. In the next request, specify the value  of  NextToken  from
          the previous response.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
