LIST-RESOLVER-CONFIGS()                                LIST-RESOLVER-CONFIGS()



NAME
       list-resolver-configs -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  Resolver configurations that you have defined. Route 53
       Resolver uses the configurations to manage DNS resolution behavior  for
       your VPCs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-resolver-configs  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: ResolverConfigs

SYNOPSIS
            list-resolver-configs
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If  a response includes the last of the Resolver configurations that
          are associated with the current Amazon Web Services account, NextTo-
          ken doesn't appear in the response.

          If  a  response  doesn't include the last of the configurations, you
          can get more configurations by submitting  another  ListResolverCon-
          figs  request.  Get  the value of NextToken that Amazon Route 53 re-
          turned in the previous response and include it in NextToken  in  the
          next request.

       ResolverConfigs -> (list)
          An array that contains one ResolverConfigs element for each Resolver
          configuration that is associated with the current  Amazon  Web  Ser-
          vices account.

          (structure)
              A  complex  type that contains information about a Resolver con-
              figuration for a VPC.

              Id -> (string)
                 ID for the Resolver configuration.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud  VPC  that  you're
                 configuring Resolver for.

              OwnerId -> (string)
                 The owner account ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud VPC.

              AutodefinedReverse -> (string)
                 The status of whether or not the Resolver will create autode-
                 fined rules for reverse DNS lookups. This is enabled  by  de-
                 fault. The status can be one of following:

                 Status  of  the  rules generated by VPCs based on CIDR/Region
                 for reverse DNS resolution. The status can be one of  follow-
                 ing:

                 o ENABLING: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are be-
                   ing enabled but are not complete.

                 o ENABLED: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are  en-
                   abled.

                 o DISABLING:  Autodefined  rules  for reverse DNS lookups are
                   being disabled but are not complete.

                 o DISABLED: Autodefined rules for  reverse  DNS  lookups  are
                   disabled.



                                                       LIST-RESOLVER-CONFIGS()
