UPDATE-RESOLVER-CONFIG()                              UPDATE-RESOLVER-CONFIG()



NAME
       update-resolver-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the behavior configuration of Route 53 Resolver behavior for a
       single VPC from Amazon Virtual Private Cloud.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-resolver-config
          --resource-id <value>
          --autodefined-reverse-flag <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          Resource ID of the Amazon VPC that you want to update  the  Resolver
          configuration for.

       --autodefined-reverse-flag (string)
          Indicates  whether or not the Resolver will create autodefined rules
          for reverse DNS lookups. This is enabled by default. Disabling  this
          option will also affect EC2-Classic instances using ClassicLink. For
          more information, see ClassicLink in the Amazon EC2 guide .

          NOTE:
              It can take some time for the status change to be completed.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLE

          o DISABLE

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResolverConfig -> (structure)
          An array that contains settings for the specified Resolver  configu-
          ration.

          Id -> (string)
              ID for the Resolver configuration.

          ResourceId -> (string)
              The  ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud VPC that you're con-
              figuring Resolver for.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The owner account ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud VPC.

          AutodefinedReverse -> (string)
              The status of whether or not the Resolver  will  create  autode-
              fined rules for reverse DNS lookups. This is enabled by default.
              The status can be one of following:

              Status of the rules generated by VPCs based on  CIDR/Region  for
              reverse DNS resolution. The status can be one of following:

              o ENABLING:  Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are being
                enabled but are not complete.

              o ENABLED: Autodefined rules for reverse  DNS  lookups  are  en-
                abled.

              o DISABLING: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups are being
                disabled but are not complete.

              o DISABLED: Autodefined rules for reverse DNS lookups  are  dis-
                abled.



                                                      UPDATE-RESOLVER-CONFIG()
