UPDATE-FIREWALL-CONFIG()                              UPDATE-FIREWALL-CONFIG()



NAME
       update-firewall-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  configuration  of  the  firewall behavior provided by DNS
       Firewall for a single VPC from Amazon  Virtual  Private  Cloud  (Amazon
       VPC).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-firewall-config
          --resource-id <value>
          --firewall-fail-open <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC that the configuration is for.

       --firewall-fail-open (string)
          Determines  how  Route  53 Resolver handles queries during failures,
          for example when all traffic that is sent to DNS Firewall  fails  to
          receive a reply.

          o By default, fail open is disabled, which means the failure mode is
            closed. This approach favors security over availability. DNS Fire-
            wall blocks queries that it is unable to evaluate properly.

          o If you enable this option, the failure mode is open. This approach
            favors availability over security. DNS Firewall allows queries  to
            proceed if it is unable to properly evaluate them.

          This  behavior  is only enforced for VPCs that have at least one DNS
          Firewall rule group association.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

          o DISABLED

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a firewall config

       The  following update-firewall-config example updates DNS Firewall con-
       figuration.

          aws route53resolver update-firewall-config \
              --resource-id vpc-31e92222 \
              --firewall-fail-open DISABLED

       Output:

          {
              "FirewallConfig": {
                  "Id": "rslvr-fc-86016850cexample",
                  "ResourceId": "vpc-31e92222",
                  "OwnerId": "123456789012",
                  "FirewallFailOpen": "DISABLED"
              }
          }

       For more information, see DNS Firewall VPC configuration in the  Amazon
       Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       FirewallConfig -> (structure)
          Configuration  of the firewall behavior provided by DNS Firewall for
          a single VPC.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID of the firewall configuration.

          ResourceId -> (string)
              The ID of the VPC that this firewall configuration applies to.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the owner of the VPC  that
              this firewall configuration applies to.

          FirewallFailOpen -> (string)
              Determines  how DNS Firewall operates during failures, for exam-
              ple when all traffic that is sent to DNS Firewall fails  to  re-
              ceive a reply.

              o By  default,  fail  open  is disabled, which means the failure
                mode is closed. This approach favors security over  availabil-
                ity. DNS Firewall returns a failure error when it is unable to
                properly evaluate a query.

              o If you enable this option, the failure mode is open. This  ap-
                proach  favors availability over security. DNS Firewall allows
                queries to proceed if it is unable to properly evaluate them.

              This behavior is only enforced for VPCs that have at  least  one
              DNS Firewall rule group association.



                                                      UPDATE-FIREWALL-CONFIG()
