UPDATE-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()                            UPDATE-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()



NAME
       update-firewall-domains -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  firewall  domain  list from an array of domain specifica-
       tions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-firewall-domains
          --firewall-domain-list-id <value>
          --operation <value>
          --domains <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --firewall-domain-list-id (string)
          The ID of the domain list whose domains you want to update.

       --operation (string)
          What you want DNS Firewall to do with the domains that you are  pro-
          viding:

          o ADD  -  Add the domains to the ones that are already in the domain
            list.

          o REMOVE - Search the domain list for the domains  and  remove  them
            from the list.

          o REPLACE  -  Update  the domain list to exactly match the list that
            you are providing.

          Possible values:

          o ADD

          o REMOVE

          o REPLACE

       --domains (list)
          A list of domains to use in the update operation.

          Each domain specification in your domain list must satisfy the  fol-
          lowing requirements:

          o It can optionally start with * (asterisk).

          o With the exception of the optional starting asterisk, it must only
            contain the following characters: A-Z , a-z , 0-9 , - (hyphen).

          o It must be from 1-255 characters in length.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update a domain list

       The following update-firewall-domains example adds the domains to a do-
       main list with the ID you provide.

          aws route53resolver update-firewall-domains \
              --firewall-domain-list-id rslvr-fdl-42b60677cexampleb \
              --operation ADD \
              --domains test1.com test2.com test3.com

       Output:

          {
              "Id": "rslvr-fdl-42b60677cexample",
              "Name": "test",
              "Status": "UPDATING",
              "StatusMessage": "Updating the Firewall Domain List"
          }

       For  more information, see Managing your own domain lists in the Amazon
       Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Id -> (string)
          The ID of the firewall domain list that DNS Firewall just updated.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the domain list.

       Status -> (string)

       StatusMessage -> (string)
          Additional information about the status of the list, if available.



                                                     UPDATE-FIREWALL-DOMAINS()
