EVALUATE-FEATURE()                                          EVALUATE-FEATURE()



NAME
       evaluate-feature -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  assigns a feature variation to one given user session.
       You pass in an entityID that represents the user. Evidently then checks
       the evaluation rules and assigns the variation.

       The  first  rules  that  are  evaluated  are the override rules. If the
       user's entityID matches an override rule, the user is served the varia-
       tion specified by that rule.

       Next,  if  there is a launch of the feature, the user might be assigned
       to a variation in the launch. The chance of this depends  on  the  per-
       centage  of users that are allocated to that launch. If the user is en-
       rolled in the launch, the variation they are served depends on the  al-
       location of the various feature variations used for the launch.

       If the user is not assigned to a launch, and there is an ongoing exper-
       iment for this feature, the user might be assigned to  a  variation  in
       the  experiment.  The chance of this depends on the percentage of users
       that are allocated to that experiment. If the user is enrolled  in  the
       experiment,  the variation they are served depends on the allocation of
       the various feature variations used for the experiment.

       If the user is not assigned to a launch or experiment, they are  served
       the default variation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            evaluate-feature
          --entity-id <value>
          [--evaluation-context <value>]
          --feature <value>
          --project <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --entity-id (string)
          An  internal  ID  that  represents a unique user of the application.
          This entityID is checked against any  override  rules  assigned  for
          this feature.

       --evaluation-context (string)
          A  JSON  block  of  attributes that you can optionally pass in. This
          JSON block is included in the evaluation events  sent  to  Evidently
          from the user session.

       --feature (string)
          The name of the feature being evaluated.

       --project (string)
          The name or ARN of the project that contains this feature.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       details -> (string)
          If  this  user  was  assigned  to a launch or experiment, this field
          lists the launch or experiment name.

       reason -> (string)
          Specifies the reason that the user session was assigned this  varia-
          tion.  Possible values include DEFAULT , meaning the user was served
          the default variation; LAUNCH_RULE_MATCH , if the user  session  was
          enrolled  in  a  launch; EXPERIMENT_RULE_MATCH , if the user session
          was enrolled in an experiment; or ENTITY_OVERRIDES_MATCH  ,  if  the
          user's entityId matches an override rule.

       value -> (structure)
          The  value  assigned  to this variation to differentiate it from the
          other variations of this feature.

          boolValue -> (boolean)
              If this feature uses the Boolean variation type, this field con-
              tains the Boolean value of this variation.

          doubleValue -> (double)
              If  this  feature  uses  the double integer variation type, this
              field contains the double integer value of this variation.

          longValue -> (long)
              If this feature uses the long variation type,  this  field  con-
              tains the long value of this variation.

          stringValue -> (string)
              If  this feature uses the string variation type, this field con-
              tains the string value of this variation.

       variation -> (string)
          The name of the variation that was served to the user session.



                                                            EVALUATE-FEATURE()
