GET-FEATURE()                                                    GET-FEATURE()



NAME
       get-feature -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  details about one feature. You must already know the fea-
       ture name. To  retrieve  a  list  of  features  in  your  account,  use
       ListFeatures .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-feature
          --feature <value>
          --project <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --feature (string)
          The name of the feature that you want to retrieve information for.

       --project (string)
          The name or ARN of the project that contains the feature.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       feature -> (structure)
          A structure containing the configuration details of the feature.

          arn -> (string)
              The ARN of the feature.

          createdTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the feature is created.

          defaultVariation -> (string)
              The name of the variation that is used as the default variation.
              The  default  variation is served to users who are not allocated
              to any ongoing launches or experiments of this feature.

              This variation must also be listed in the variations structure.

              If you omit defaultVariation , the first variation listed in the
              variations structure is used as the default variation.

          description -> (string)
              The description of the feature.

          entityOverrides -> (map)
              A set of key-value pairs that specify users who should always be
              served a specific variation of a feature. Each key  specifies  a
              user  using their user ID, account ID, or some other identifier.
              The value specifies the name of the variation that the  user  is
              to be served.

              For  the  override  to  be successful, the value of the key must
              match the entityId used in the EvaluateFeature operation.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          evaluationRules -> (list)
              An array of structures that define the evaluation rules for  the
              feature.

              (structure)
                 A structure that contains the information about an evaluation
                 rule for this feature, if it is used in a launch  or  experi-
                 ment.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the experiment or launch.

                 type -> (string)
                     This  value is aws.evidently.splits if this is an evalua-
                     tion rule for a launch, and it is  aws.evidently.onlineab
                     if this is an evaluation rule for an experiment.

          evaluationStrategy -> (string)
              If this value is ALL_RULES , the traffic allocation specified by
              any ongoing launches or experiments is being used.  If  this  is
              DEFAULT_VARIATION , the default variation is being served to all
              users.

          lastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the feature was most recently updated.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the feature.

          project -> (string)
              The name or ARN of the project that contains the feature.

          status -> (string)
              The current state of the feature.

          tags -> (map)
              The list of tag keys and values associated with this feature.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          valueType -> (string)
              Defines the type of value used to define the  different  feature
              variations. For more information, see Variation types

          variations -> (list)
              An  array  of  structures  that contain the configuration of the
              feature's different variations.

              (structure)
                 This structure contains the name and variation value  of  one
                 variation of a feature.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the variation.

                 value -> (structure)
                     The value assigned to this variation.

                     boolValue -> (boolean)
                        If  this feature uses the Boolean variation type, this
                        field contains the Boolean value of this variation.

                     doubleValue -> (double)
                        If this feature  uses  the  double  integer  variation
                        type,  this field contains the double integer value of
                        this variation.

                     longValue -> (long)
                        If this feature uses the  long  variation  type,  this
                        field contains the long value of this variation.

                     stringValue -> (string)
                        If  this  feature uses the string variation type, this
                        field contains the string value of this variation.



                                                                 GET-FEATURE()
