LIST-FEATURES()                                                LIST-FEATURES()



NAME
       list-features -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  configuration  details about all the features in the specified
       project.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-features is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: features

SYNOPSIS
            list-features
          --project <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project (string)
          The name or ARN of the project to return the feature list from.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       features -> (list)
          An array of structures that contain the configuration details of the
          features in the specified project.

          (structure)
              This  structure contains information about one Evidently feature
              in your account.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the feature.

              createdTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the feature is created.

              defaultVariation -> (string)
                 The name of the variation that is used as the default  varia-
                 tion.  The  default  variation is served to users who are not
                 allocated to any ongoing launches or experiments of this fea-
                 ture.

              evaluationRules -> (list)
                 An array of structures that define

                 (structure)
                     A structure that contains the information about an evalu-
                     ation rule for this feature, if it is used in a launch or
                     experiment.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the experiment or launch.

                     type -> (string)
                        This value is aws.evidently.splits if this is an eval-
                        uation rule for a launch, and it is  aws.evidently.on-
                        lineab  if  this  is an evaluation rule for an experi-
                        ment.

              evaluationStrategy -> (string)
                 If this value is ALL_RULES , the traffic allocation specified
                 by any ongoing launches or experiments is being used. If this
                 is DEFAULT_VARIATION , the default variation is being  served
                 to all users.

              lastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the feature was most recently updated.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the feature.

              project -> (string)
                 The name or ARN of the project that contains the feature.

              status -> (string)
                 The current state of the feature.

              tags -> (map)
                 The list of tag keys and values associated with this feature.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token  to  use in a subsequent ListFeatures operation to return
          the next set of results.



                                                               LIST-FEATURES()
