LIST-SEGMENTS()                                                LIST-SEGMENTS()



NAME
       list-segments -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list of audience segments that you have created in your ac-
       count in this Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-segments is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: segments

SYNOPSIS
            list-segments
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token  to  use in a subsequent ListSegments operation to return
          the next set of results.

       segments -> (list)
          An array of structures that contain information about  the  segments
          in this Region.

          (structure)
              This structure contains information about one audience segment .
              You can use segments in your experiments and launches to  narrow
              the user sessions used for experiment or launch to only the user
              sessions that match one or more criteria.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the segment.

              createdTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that this segment was created.

              description -> (string)
                 The customer-created description for this segment.

              experimentCount -> (long)
                 The number of experiments that this segment is used in.  This
                 count  includes  all current experiments, not just those that
                 are currently running.

              lastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that this segment  was  most  recently  up-
                 dated.

              launchCount -> (long)
                 The  number  of  launches  that this segment is used in. This
                 count includes all current launches, not just those that  are
                 currently running.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the segment.

              pattern -> (string)

              tags -> (map)
                 The list of tag keys and values associated with this launch.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)



                                                               LIST-SEGMENTS()
