LIST-SEGMENT-REFERENCES()                            LIST-SEGMENT-REFERENCES()



NAME
       list-segment-references -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  this  operation  to find which experiments or launches are using a
       specified segment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-segment-references is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: referencedBy

SYNOPSIS
            list-segment-references
          --segment <value>
          --type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --segment (string)
          The ARN of the segment that you want to view information for.

       --type (string)
          Specifies  whether  to  return information about launches or experi-
          ments that use this segment.

          Possible values:

          o EXPERIMENT

          o LAUNCH

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use in a subsequent ListSegmentReferences operation  to
          return the next set of results.

       referencedBy -> (list)
          An  array  of  structures, where each structure contains information
          about one experiment or launch that uses this segment.

          (structure)
              A structure that contains information about  one  experiment  or
              launch that uses the specified segment.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the experiment or launch.

              endTime -> (string)
                 The day and time that this experiment or launch ended.

              lastUpdatedOn -> (string)
                 The  day and time that this experiment or launch was most re-
                 cently updated.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the experiment or launch.

              startTime -> (string)
                 The day and time that this experiment or launch started.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the experiment or launch.

              type -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the resource that this  structure  contains
                 information about is an experiment or a launch.



                                                     LIST-SEGMENT-REFERENCES()
