START-EXPERIMENT()                                          START-EXPERIMENT()



NAME
       start-experiment -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts   an   existing   experiment.   To  create  an  experiment,  use
       CreateExperiment .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-experiment
          --analysis-complete-time <value>
          --experiment <value>
          --project <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --analysis-complete-time (timestamp)
          The date and time to end the experiment.

       --experiment (string)
          The name of the experiment to start.

       --project (string)
          The name or ARN of the  project  that  contains  the  experiment  to
          start.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       startedTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp that indicates when the experiment started.



                                                            START-EXPERIMENT()
