STOP-LAUNCH()                                                    STOP-LAUNCH()



NAME
       stop-launch -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  a launch that is currently running. After you stop a launch, you
       will not be able to resume it or restart it. Also, it will not be eval-
       uated  as a rule for traffic allocation, and the traffic that was allo-
       cated to the launch will instead be available to the feature's  experi-
       ment,  if  there  is one. Otherwise, all traffic will be served the de-
       fault variation after the launch is stopped.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-launch
          [--desired-state <value>]
          --launch <value>
          --project <value>
          [--reason <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --desired-state (string)
          Specify whether to consider the launch as COMPLETED or CANCELLED af-
          ter it stops.

          Possible values:

          o COMPLETED

          o CANCELLED

       --launch (string)
          The name of the launch to stop.

       --project (string)
          The  name  or  ARN  of the project that contains the launch that you
          want to stop.

       --reason (string)
          A string that describes why you are stopping the launch.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       endedTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the launch stopped.



                                                                 STOP-LAUNCH()
