TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns  one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified CloudWatch
       Evidently resource. Projects, features, launches, and  experiments  can
       be tagged.

       Tags  can help you organize and categorize your resources. You can also
       use them to scope user permissions by granting a user permission to ac-
       cess or change only resources with certain tag values.

       Tags don't have any semantic meaning to Amazon Web Services and are in-
       terpreted strictly as strings of characters.

       You can use the TagResource action with a  resource  that  already  has
       tags.  If  you  specify a new tag key for the resource, this tag is ap-
       pended to the list of tags associated with the alarm. If you specify  a
       tag key that is already associated with the resource, the new tag value
       that you specify replaces the previous value for that tag.

       You can associate as many as 50 tags with a resource.

       For more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Services resources .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the CloudWatch Evidently resource that you're adding tags
          to.

       --tags (map)
          The list of key-value pairs to associate with the resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
