CREATE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()                          CREATE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()



NAME
       create-base-path-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new BasePathMapping resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-base-path-mapping
          --domain-name <value>
          [--base-path <value>]
          --rest-api-id <value>
          [--stage <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The domain name of the BasePathMapping resource to create.

       --base-path (string)
          The  base  path name that callers of the API must provide as part of
          the URL after the domain name. This value must be unique for all  of
          the  mappings  across  a  single API. Specify '(none)' if you do not
          want callers to specify a base path name after the domain name.

       --rest-api-id (string)
          The string identifier of the associated RestApi.

       --stage (string)
          The name of the API's stage that you want to use for  this  mapping.
          Specify '(none)' if you want callers to explicitly specify the stage
          name after any base path name.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create the base path mapping for a custom domain name

       Command:

          aws apigateway create-base-path-mapping --domain-name subdomain.domain.tld --rest-api-id 1234123412 --stage prod --base-path v1

OUTPUT
       basePath -> (string)
          The base path name that callers of the API must provide as  part  of
          the URL after the domain name.

       restApiId -> (string)
          The string identifier of the associated RestApi.

       stage -> (string)
          The name of the associated stage.



                                                    CREATE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()
