DELETE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()                          DELETE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()



NAME
       delete-base-path-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the  BasePathMapping resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-base-path-mapping
          --domain-name <value>
          --base-path <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          [Required]  The  domain  name  of  the   BasePathMapping resource to
          delete.

       --base-path (string)
          [Required] The base path name of the   BasePathMapping  resource  to
          delete.

          To specify an empty base path, set this parameter to '(none)' .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a base path mapping for a custom domain name

       Command:

          aws apigateway delete-base-path-mapping --domain-name 'api.domain.tld' --base-path 'dev'

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-BASE-PATH-MAPPING()
