GET-USAGE-PLAN-KEY()                                      GET-USAGE-PLAN-KEY()



NAME
       get-usage-plan-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a usage plan key of a given key identifier.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-usage-plan-key
          --usage-plan-id <value>
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --usage-plan-id (string)
          The  Id  of  the UsagePlan resource representing the usage plan con-
          taining the to-be-retrieved  UsagePlanKey  resource  representing  a
          plan customer.

       --key-id (string)
          The key Id of the to-be-retrieved UsagePlanKey resource representing
          a plan customer.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get the details of an API key associated with a Usage Plan

       Command:

          aws apigateway get-usage-plan-key --usage-plan-id a1b2c3 --key-id 1NbjQzMReAkeEQPNAW8r3dXsU2rDD7fc7f2Sipnu

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The Id of a usage plan key.

       type -> (string)
          The type of a usage plan key.  Currently,  the  valid  key  type  is
          API_KEY .

       value -> (string)
          The value of a usage plan key.

       name -> (string)
          The name of a usage plan key.



                                                          GET-USAGE-PLAN-KEY()
