GET-VPC-LINK()                                                  GET-VPC-LINK()



NAME
       get-vpc-link -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a specified VPC link under the caller's account in a region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-vpc-link
          --vpc-link-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-link-id (string)
          [Required]  The identifier of the  VpcLink . It is used in an  Inte-
          gration to reference this  VpcLink .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The identifier of the  VpcLink . It is used in  an   Integration  to
          reference this  VpcLink .

       name -> (string)
          The name used to label and identify the VPC link.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the VPC link.

       targetArns -> (list)
          The  ARN of the network load balancer of the VPC targeted by the VPC
          link. The network load balancer must be owned by the  same  AWS  ac-
          count of the API owner.

          (string)

       status -> (string)
          The status of the VPC link. The valid values are AVAILABLE , PENDING
          , DELETING , or FAILED . Deploying an API will wait if the status is
          PENDING and will fail if the status is DELETING .

       statusMessage -> (string)
          A description about the VPC link status.

       tags -> (map)
          The  collection of tags. Each tag element is associated with a given
          resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                GET-VPC-LINK()
