GET-VPC-LINKS()                                                GET-VPC-LINKS()



NAME
       get-vpc-links -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  VpcLinks collection under the caller's account in a selected
       region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-vpc-links is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: items

SYNOPSIS
            get-vpc-links
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       position -> (string)

       items -> (list)
          The current page of elements from this collection.

          (structure)
              An API Gateway VPC link for a  RestApi to access resources in an
              Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

              To enable access to a resource  in  an  Amazon  Virtual  Private
              Cloud through Amazon API Gateway, you, as an API developer, cre-
              ate a  VpcLink resource targeted for one or  more  network  load
              balancers  of  the  VPC  and then integrate an API method with a
              private integration that uses the  VpcLink . The  private  inte-
              gration  has an integration type of HTTP or HTTP_PROXY and has a
              connection type of VPC_LINK . The integration uses  the  connec-
              tionId property to identify the  VpcLink used.

              id -> (string)
                 The  identifier  of the  VpcLink . It is used in an  Integra-
                 tion to reference this  VpcLink .

              name -> (string)
                 The name used to label and identify the VPC link.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the VPC link.

              targetArns -> (list)
                 The ARN of the network load balancer of the VPC  targeted  by
                 the  VPC link. The network load balancer must be owned by the
                 same AWS account of the API owner.

                 (string)

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the VPC link. The valid values are AVAILABLE  ,
                 PENDING  ,  DELETING , or FAILED . Deploying an API will wait
                 if the status is PENDING and  will  fail  if  the  status  is
                 DELETING .

              statusMessage -> (string)
                 A description about the VPC link status.

              tags -> (map)
                 The collection of tags. Each tag element is associated with a
                 given resource.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)



                                                               GET-VPC-LINKS()
