GET-USAGE-PLANS()                                            GET-USAGE-PLANS()



NAME
       get-usage-plans -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets all the usage plans of the caller's account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-usage-plans is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: items

SYNOPSIS
            get-usage-plans
          [--key-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          The identifier of the API key associated with the usage plans.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the details of all Usage Plans

       Command:

          aws apigateway get-usage-plans

OUTPUT
       position -> (string)

       items -> (list)
          The current page of elements from this collection.

          (structure)
              Represents a usage plan used to specify who can  assess  associ-
              ated  API stages. Optionally, target request rate and quota lim-
              its can be set. In some cases clients  can  exceed  the  targets
              that  you  set.  Dont rely on usage plans to control costs. Con-
              sider using AWS Budgets to monitor costs and AWS WAF  to  manage
              API requests.

              In a usage plan, you associate an API by specifying the API's Id
              and a stage name of the specified API. You add plan customers by
              adding API keys to the plan.
                 Create and Use Usage Plans

              id -> (string)
                 The identifier of a  UsagePlan resource.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of a usage plan.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of a usage plan.

              apiStages -> (list)
                 The associated API stages of a usage plan.

                 (structure)
                     API  stage  name  of  the associated API stage in a usage
                     plan.

                     apiId -> (string)
                        API Id of the associated API stage in a usage plan.

                     stage -> (string)
                        API stage name of the associated API stage in a  usage
                        plan.

                     throttle -> (map)
                        Map containing method level throttling information for
                        API stage in a usage plan.

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (structure)
                            The API request rate limits.

                            burstLimit -> (integer)
                               The API target request burst rate  limit.  This
                               allows  more  requests  through for a period of
                               time than the target rate limit.

                            rateLimit -> (double)
                               The API target request rate limit.

              throttle -> (structure)
                 Map containing method level throttling  information  for  API
                 stage in a usage plan.

                 burstLimit -> (integer)
                     The API target request burst rate limit. This allows more
                     requests through for a period of  time  than  the  target
                     rate limit.

                 rateLimit -> (double)
                     The API target request rate limit.

              quota -> (structure)
                 The  target  maximum number of permitted requests per a given
                 unit time interval.

                 limit -> (integer)
                     The target maximum number of requests that can be made in
                     a given time period.

                 offset -> (integer)
                     The  day  that  a time period starts. For example, with a
                     time period of WEEK , an offset of 0  starts  on  Sunday,
                     and an offset of 1 starts on Monday.

                 period -> (string)
                     The  time period in which the limit applies. Valid values
                     are "DAY", "WEEK" or "MONTH".

              productCode -> (string)
                 The AWS Markeplace product identifier to associate  with  the
                 usage plan as a SaaS product on AWS Marketplace.

              tags -> (map)
                 The collection of tags. Each tag element is associated with a
                 given resource.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)



                                                             GET-USAGE-PLANS()
