IMPORT-API-KEYS()                                            IMPORT-API-KEYS()



NAME
       import-api-keys -

DESCRIPTION
       Import API keys from an external source, such as a CSV-formatted file.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-api-keys
          --body <value>
          --format <value>
          [--fail-on-warnings | --no-fail-on-warnings]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --body (blob)
          The  payload of the POST request to import API keys. For the payload
          format, see API Key File Format.

       --format (string)
          A query parameter to specify the input format to imported API  keys.
          Currently, only the csv format is supported.

          Possible values:

          o csv

       --fail-on-warnings | --no-fail-on-warnings (boolean)
          A query parameter to indicate whether to rollback ApiKey importation
          (true ) or not (false ) when error is encountered.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ids -> (list)
          A list of all the ApiKey identifiers.

          (string)

       warnings -> (list)
          A list of warning messages.

          (string)



                                                             IMPORT-API-KEYS()
