CHECK-DOMAIN-TRANSFERABILITY()                  CHECK-DOMAIN-TRANSFERABILITY()



NAME
       check-domain-transferability -

DESCRIPTION
       Checks whether a domain name can be transferred to Amazon Route 53.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            check-domain-transferability
          --domain-name <value>
          [--auth-code <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The  name  of  the domain that you want to transfer to Route 53. The
          top-level domain (TLD), such as .com, must be a TLD  that  Route  53
          supports.  For  a  list  of supported TLDs, see Domains that You Can
          Register with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide
          .

          The domain name can contain only the following characters:

          o Letters a through z. Domain names are not case sensitive.

          o Numbers 0 through 9.

          o Hyphen  (-). You can't specify a hyphen at the beginning or end of
            a label.

          o Period (.) to separate the labels in the name, such as  the  .  in
            example.com .

       --auth-code (string)
          If  the  registrar for the top-level domain (TLD) requires an autho-
          rization code to transfer the domain, the code that you got from the
          current registrar for the domain.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To determine whether a domain can be transferred to Route 53

       The  following check-domain-transferability command returns information
       about whether you can transfer the domain name example.com to Route 53.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains check-domain-transferability \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "Transferability": {
                  "Transferable": "UNTRANSFERABLE"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Transferring Registration for a Domain to
       Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Transferability -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains information about whether the specified
          domain can be transferred to Route 53.

          Transferable -> (string)
              Whether the domain name can be transferred to Route 53.

              NOTE:
                 You  can transfer only domains that have a value of TRANSFER-
                 ABLE for Transferable .

              Valid values:
                 TRANSFERABLE

              The domain name can be transferred to Route 53.
                 UNTRANSFERRABLE

              The domain name can't be transferred to Route 53.
                 DONT_KNOW

              Reserved for future use.



                                                CHECK-DOMAIN-TRANSFERABILITY()
