CHECK-DOMAIN-AVAILABILITY()                        CHECK-DOMAIN-AVAILABILITY()



NAME
       check-domain-availability -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation checks the availability of one domain name. Note that if
       the availability status of a domain is pending, you must submit another
       request to determine the availability of the domain name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            check-domain-availability
          --domain-name <value>
          [--idn-lang-code <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The  name  of  the domain that you want to get availability for. The
          top-level domain (TLD), such as .com, must be a TLD  that  Route  53
          supports.  For  a  list  of supported TLDs, see Domains that You Can
          Register with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide
          .

          The domain name can contain only the following characters:

          o Letters a through z. Domain names are not case sensitive.

          o Numbers 0 through 9.

          o Hyphen  (-). You can't specify a hyphen at the beginning or end of
            a label.

          o Period (.) to separate the labels in the name, such as  the  .  in
            example.com .

          Internationalized  domain names are not supported for some top-level
          domains. To determine whether the TLD that you want to use  supports
          internationalized  domain  names,  see Domains that You Can Register
          with Amazon Route 53 . For more information, see Formatting Interna-
          tionalized Domain Names .

       --idn-lang-code (string)
          Reserved for future use.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To determine whether you can register a domain name with Route 53

       The following  check-domain-availability  command  returns  information
       about whether the domain name example.com is available to be registered
       using Route 53.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains check-domain-availability \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "Availability": "UNAVAILABLE"
          }

       Route  53  supports a large number of top-level domains (TLDs), such as
       .com and .jp, but we don't support all available TLDs. If you check the
       availability  of  a  domain  and  Route  53  doesn't  support  the TLD,
       check-domain-availability returns the following message.

          An error occurred (UnsupportedTLD) when calling the CheckDomainAvailability operation: <top-level domain> tld is not supported.

       For a list of the TLDs that you can use when registering a domain  with
       Route 53, see Domains That You Can Register with Amazon Route 53 in the
       Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.  For more information about  register-
       ing  domains  with Amazon Route 53, see Registering a New Domain in the
       Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Availability -> (string)
          Whether the domain name is available for registering.

          NOTE:
              You can register only domains designated as AVAILABLE .

          Valid values:
              AVAILABLE

          The domain name is available.
              AVAILABLE_RESERVED

          The domain name is reserved under specific conditions.
              AVAILABLE_PREORDER

          The domain name is available and can be preordered.
              DONT_KNOW

          The TLD registry didn't reply with a definitive answer about whether
          the  domain name is available. Route 53 can return this response for
          a variety of reasons, for example, the registry is performing  main-
          tenance. Try again later.
              PENDING

          The  TLD registry didn't return a response in the expected amount of
          time. When the response is delayed, it usually takes just a few  ex-
          tra seconds. You can resubmit the request immediately.
              RESERVED

          The  domain  name  has been reserved for another person or organiza-
          tion.
              UNAVAILABLE

          The domain name is not available.
              UNAVAILABLE_PREMIUM

          The domain name is not available.
              UNAVAILABLE_RESTRICTED

          The domain name is forbidden.



                                                   CHECK-DOMAIN-AVAILABILITY()
