DELETE-DOMAIN()                                                DELETE-DOMAIN()



NAME
       delete-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation deletes the specified domain. This action is permanent.
       For more information, see Deleting a domain name registration .

       To transfer the domain  registration  to  another  registrar,  use  the
       transfer  process  thats provided by the registrar to which you want to
       transfer the registration. Otherwise, the following apply:

       o You cant get a refund for the cost of a deleted domain registration.

       o The registry for the top-level domain might hold the domain name  for
         a  brief time before releasing it for other users to register (varies
         by registry).

       o When the registration has been deleted, we'll send you a confirmation
         to  the  registrant contact. The email will come from noreply@domain-
         nameverification.net or noreply@registrar.amazon.com .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-domain
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          Name of the domain to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          Identifier for tracking the progress of the request.  To  query  the
          operation status, use GetOperationDetail .



                                                               DELETE-DOMAIN()
