DELETE-TAGS-FOR-DOMAIN()                              DELETE-TAGS-FOR-DOMAIN()



NAME
       delete-tags-for-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation deletes the specified tags for a domain.

       All  tag  operations  are  eventually consistent; subsequent operations
       might not immediately represent all issued operations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tags-for-domain
          --domain-name <value>
          --tags-to-delete <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The domain for which you want to delete one or more tags.

       --tags-to-delete (list)
          A list of tag keys to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete tags for a domain

       The following delete-tags-for-domain command deletes  three  tags  from
       the  specified  domain. Note that you specify only the tag key, not the
       tag value.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains delete-tags-for-domain \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com \
              --tags-to-delete accounting-key hr-key engineering-key

       This command produces no output.

       To confirm that the tags were deleted, you can run list-tags-for-domain
       .  For more information, see Tagging Amazon Route 53 Resources  in  the
       Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-TAGS-FOR-DOMAIN()
