ENABLE-DOMAIN-AUTO-RENEW()                          ENABLE-DOMAIN-AUTO-RENEW()



NAME
       enable-domain-auto-renew -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  configures  Amazon Route 53 to automatically renew the
       specified domain before the domain registration expires.  The  cost  of
       renewing your domain registration is billed to your Amazon Web Services
       account.

       The period during which you can renew a domain name varies by TLD.  For
       a  list  of  TLDs  and their renewal policies, see Domains That You Can
       Register with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide  .
       Route  53  requires that you renew before the end of the renewal period
       so we can complete processing before the deadline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-domain-auto-renew
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want  to  enable  automatic  renewal
          for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable automatic renewal of a domain

       The following enable-domain-auto-renew command configures Route  53  to
       automatically  renew the domain example.com before registration for the
       domain expires.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains enable-domain-auto-renew \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       This  command  produces  no  output.  To  confirm  that the setting was
       changed, you can run get-domain-detail . If automatic  renewal  is  en-
       abled, the value of AutoRenew is True.

       For more information about automatic renewal, see
       `Renewing Registration for a Domain <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/domain-renew.html`__
        in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous  hyperlink  mismatch: 1 references but 0 targets.  See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                    ENABLE-DOMAIN-AUTO-RENEW()
