ENABLE-DOMAIN-TRANSFER-LOCK()                    ENABLE-DOMAIN-TRANSFER-LOCK()



NAME
       enable-domain-transfer-lock -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  sets the transfer lock on the domain (specifically the
       clientTransferProhibited status) to prevent domain transfers.  Success-
       ful  submission  returns  an operation ID that you can use to track the
       progress and completion of the action. If the request is not  completed
       successfully, the domain registrant will be notified by email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-domain-transfer-lock
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want to set the transfer lock for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable the transfer lock on a domain

       The  following enable-domain-transfer-lock command  locks the specified
       domain so that it can't be transferred to another registrar. This  com-
       mand changes the clientTransferProhibited status.

       This  command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains enable-domain-transfer-lock \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "3f28e0ac-126a-4113-9048-cc930example"
          }

       To confirm that the  transfer  lock  has  been  changed,  you  can  run
       get-domain-detail  .  When  the  transfer lock is enabled, the value of
       StatusList includes clientTransferProhibited.

       For more information about the transfer process, see Transferring a Do-
       main  from  Amazon Route 53 to Another Registrar in the Amazon Route 53
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          Identifier for tracking the progress of the request. To use this  ID
          to query the operation status, use GetOperationDetail.



                                                 ENABLE-DOMAIN-TRANSFER-LOCK()
