GET-DOMAIN-SUGGESTIONS()                              GET-DOMAIN-SUGGESTIONS()



NAME
       get-domain-suggestions -

DESCRIPTION
       The  GetDomainSuggestions  operation returns a list of suggested domain
       names.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-domain-suggestions
          --domain-name <value>
          --suggestion-count <value>
          --only-available | --no-only-available
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          A domain name that you want to use as the basis for a list of possi-
          ble  domain names. The top-level domain (TLD), such as .com, must be
          a TLD that Route 53 supports. For a  list  of  supported  TLDs,  see
          Domains  that  You  Can  Register with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon
          Route 53 Developer Guide .

          The domain name can contain only the following characters:

          o Letters a through z. Domain names are not case sensitive.

          o Numbers 0 through 9.

          o Hyphen (-). You can't specify a hyphen at the beginning or end  of
            a label.

          o Period  (.)  to  separate the labels in the name, such as the . in
            example.com .

          Internationalized domain names are not supported for some  top-level
          domains.  To determine whether the TLD that you want to use supports
          internationalized domain names, see Domains that  You  Can  Register
          with Amazon Route 53 .

       --suggestion-count (integer)
          The  number  of suggested domain names that you want Route 53 to re-
          turn. Specify a value between 1 and 50.

       --only-available | --no-only-available (boolean)
          If OnlyAvailable is true , Route 53 returns only domain  names  that
          are  available.  If OnlyAvailable is false , Route 53 returns domain
          names without checking whether they're available to  be  registered.
          To  determine whether the domain is available, you can call checkDo-
          mainAvailability for each suggestion.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a list of suggested domain names

       The following get-domain-suggestions command displays a  list  of  sug-
       gested  domain names based on the domain name example.com. The response
       includes only domain names that are available.  This command runs  only
       in  the  us-east-1  Region. If your default region is set to us-east-1,
       you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains get-domain-suggestions \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com \
              --suggestion-count 10 \
              --only-available

       Output:

          {
              "SuggestionsList": [
                  {
                      "DomainName": "egzaampal.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "examplelaw.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "examplehouse.net",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "homeexample.net",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "examplelist.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                 },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "examplenews.net",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "officeexample.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "exampleworld.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  },
                  {
                      "DomainName": "exampleart.com",
                      "Availability": "AVAILABLE"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       SuggestionsList -> (list)
          A  list  of  possible  domain  names.  If  you  specified  true  for
          OnlyAvailable  in  the  request, the list contains only domains that
          are available for registration.

          (structure)
              Information about one suggested domain name.

              DomainName -> (string)
                 A suggested domain name.

              Availability -> (string)
                 Whether the domain name is available for registering.

                 NOTE:
                     You can register only the domains that are designated  as
                     AVAILABLE .

                 Valid values:
                     AVAILABLE

                 The domain name is available.
                     AVAILABLE_RESERVED

                 The domain name is reserved under specific conditions.
                     AVAILABLE_PREORDER

                 The domain name is available and can be preordered.
                     DONT_KNOW

                 The  TLD registry didn't reply with a definitive answer about
                 whether the domain name is available.  Route  53  can  return
                 this response for a variety of reasons, for example, the reg-
                 istry is performing maintenance. Try again later.
                     PENDING

                 The TLD registry didn't return a  response  in  the  expected
                 amount  of  time.  When  the  response is delayed, it usually
                 takes just a few extra seconds. You can resubmit the  request
                 immediately.
                     RESERVED

                 The domain name has been reserved for another person or orga-
                 nization.
                     UNAVAILABLE

                 The domain name is not available.
                     UNAVAILABLE_PREMIUM

                 The domain name is not available.
                     UNAVAILABLE_RESTRICTED

                 The domain name is forbidden.



                                                      GET-DOMAIN-SUGGESTIONS()
