GET-OPERATION-DETAIL()                                  GET-OPERATION-DETAIL()



NAME
       get-operation-detail -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  returns the current status of an operation that is not
       completed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-operation-detail
          --operation-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --operation-id (string)
          The identifier for the operation for which you want to get the  sta-
          tus.  Route 53 returned the identifier in the response to the origi-
          nal request.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the current status of an operation

       Some domain registration operations operate asynchronously and return a
       response  before  they  finish. These operations return an operation ID
       that you can use to get the current status.  The  following  get-opera-
       tion-detail command returns the status of the specified operation.

       This  command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains get-operation-detail \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --operation-id edbd8d63-7fe7-4343-9bc5-54033example

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "edbd8d63-7fe7-4343-9bc5-54033example",
              "Status": "SUCCESSFUL",
              "DomainName": "example.com",
              "Type": "DOMAIN_LOCK",
              "SubmittedDate": 1573749367.864
          }

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          The identifier for the operation.

       Status -> (string)
          The current status of the requested operation in the system.

       Message -> (string)
          Detailed information on the status including possible errors.

       DomainName -> (string)
          The name of a domain.

       Type -> (string)
          The type of operation that was requested.

       SubmittedDate -> (timestamp)
          The date when the request was submitted.



                                                        GET-OPERATION-DETAIL()
