GET-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-STATUS()            GET-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-STATUS()



NAME
       get-contact-reachability-status -

DESCRIPTION
       For operations that require confirmation that the email address for the
       registrant contact is valid, such as registering a new domain, this op-
       eration  returns  information  about whether the registrant contact has
       responded.

       If you want us to resend the email, use the ResendContactReachabilityE-
       mail operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-contact-reachability-status
          [--domain-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain for which you want to know whether the regis-
          trant contact has confirmed that the email address is valid.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  determine whether the registrant contact has responded to a confir-
       mation email

       The following get-contact-reachability-status command returns  informa-
       tion  about whether the registrant contact for the specified domain has
       responded to a confirmation email.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains get-contact-reachability-status \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "domainName": "example.com",
              "status": "DONE"
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Resending  Authorization and Confirmation
       Emails in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       domainName -> (string)
          The domain name for which you requested the reachability status.

       status -> (string)
          Whether the registrant contact has  responded.  Values  include  the
          following:
              PENDING

          We sent the confirmation email and haven't received a response yet.
              DONE

          We sent the email and got confirmation from the registrant contact.
              EXPIRED

          The time limit expired before the registrant contact responded.



                                             GET-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-STATUS()
