LIST-PRICES()                                                    LIST-PRICES()



NAME
       list-prices -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  following prices for either all the TLDs supported by Route
       53, or the specified TLD:

       o Registration

       o Transfer

       o Owner change

       o Domain renewal

       o Domain restoration

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-prices is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Prices

SYNOPSIS
            list-prices
          [--tld <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tld (string)
          The  TLD  for which you want to receive the pricing information. For
          example. .net .

          If a Tld value is not provided, a list of prices for all  TLDs  sup-
          ported by Route 53 is returned.

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Prices -> (list)
          A  complex  type  that  includes all the pricing information. If you
          specify a TLD, this array contains only the pricing for that TLD.

          (structure)
              Information about the domain price associated with a TLD.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the TLD for which the prices apply.

              RegistrationPrice -> (structure)
                 The price for domain registration with Route 53.

                 Price -> (double)
                     The price of a domain, in a specific currency.

                 Currency -> (string)
                     The currency specifier.

              TransferPrice -> (structure)
                 The price for transferring the domain registration  to  Route
                 53.

                 Price -> (double)
                     The price of a domain, in a specific currency.

                 Currency -> (string)
                     The currency specifier.

              RenewalPrice -> (structure)
                 The price for renewing domain registration with Route 53.

                 Price -> (double)
                     The price of a domain, in a specific currency.

                 Currency -> (string)
                     The currency specifier.

              ChangeOwnershipPrice -> (structure)
                 The price for changing domain ownership.

                 Price -> (double)
                     The price of a domain, in a specific currency.

                 Currency -> (string)
                     The currency specifier.

              RestorationPrice -> (structure)
                 The price for restoring the domain with Route 53.

                 Price -> (double)
                     The price of a domain, in a specific currency.

                 Currency -> (string)
                     The currency specifier.

       NextPageMarker -> (string)
          If  there are more prices than you specified for MaxItems in the re-
          quest, submit another request and include  the  value  of  NextPage-
          Marker in the value of Marker .

          Used  only  for  all  TLDs.  If  you  specify a TLD, don't specify a
          NextPageMarker .



                                                                 LIST-PRICES()
