LIST-OPERATIONS()                                            LIST-OPERATIONS()



NAME
       list-operations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about all of the operations that return an opera-
       tion ID and that have ever been performed on domains that  were  regis-
       tered by the current account.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-operations is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Operations

SYNOPSIS
            list-operations
          [--submitted-since <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --submitted-since (timestamp)
          An optional parameter that lets you get information  about  all  the
          operations that you submitted after a specified date and time. Spec-
          ify the date and time in Unix time format and Coordinated  Universal
          time (UTC).

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the status of operations that return an operation ID

       Some domain registration operations run asynchronously and return a re-
       sponse before they finish. These operations return an operation ID that
       you can use to get the current status.  The  following  list-operations
       command lists summary information, including the status, about the cur-
       rent domain-registration operations.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains list-operations
              --region us-east-1

       Output:

          {
              "Operations": [
                  {
                      "OperationId": "aab9822f-1da0-4bf3-8a15-fd4e0example",
                      "Status": "SUCCESSFUL",
                      "Type": "DOMAIN_LOCK",
                      "SubmittedDate": 1455321739.986
                  },
                  {
                      "OperationId": "c24379ed-76be-42f8-bdad-9379bexample",
                      "Status": "SUCCESSFUL",
                      "Type": "UPDATE_NAMESERVER",
                      "SubmittedDate": 1468960475.109
                  },
                  {
                      "OperationId": "f47e1297-ef9e-4c2b-ae1e-a5fcbexample",
                      "Status": "SUCCESSFUL",
                      "Type": "RENEW_DOMAIN",
                      "SubmittedDate": 1473561835.943
                  },
                  {
                      "OperationId": "75584f23-b15f-459e-aed7-dc6f5example",
                      "Status": "SUCCESSFUL",
                      "Type": "UPDATE_DOMAIN_CONTACT",
                      "SubmittedDate": 1547501003.41
                  }
              ]
          }

       The  output includes all the operations that return an operation ID and
       that you have performed on all the domains that you  have  ever  regis-
       tered using the current AWS account. If you want to get only the opera-
       tions that you submitted after a specified date, you  can  include  the
       submitted-since parameter and specify a date in Unix format and Coordi-
       nated Universal Time (UTC). The following command gets  the  status  of
       all  operations  that  were  submitted after 12:00 am UTC on January 1,
       2020.

          aws route53domains list-operations \
              --submitted-since 1577836800

OUTPUT
       Operations -> (list)
          Lists summaries of the operations.

          (structure)
              OperationSummary includes the following elements.

              OperationId -> (string)
                 Identifier returned to track the requested action.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current status of the requested operation in the system.

              Type -> (string)
                 Type of the action requested.

              SubmittedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the request was submitted.

       NextPageMarker -> (string)
          If there are more operations than you specified for MaxItems in  the
          request,  submit  another request and include the value of NextPage-
          Marker in the value of Marker .



                                                             LIST-OPERATIONS()
