RENEW-DOMAIN()                                                  RENEW-DOMAIN()



NAME
       renew-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  renews a domain for the specified number of years. The
       cost of renewing your domain is billed to your Amazon Web Services  ac-
       count.

       We  recommend that you renew your domain several weeks before the expi-
       ration date. Some TLD registries delete domains before  the  expiration
       date if you haven't renewed far enough in advance. For more information
       about renewing domain registration, see Renewing Registration for a Do-
       main in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            renew-domain
          --domain-name <value>
          [--duration-in-years <value>]
          --current-expiry-year <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want to renew.

       --duration-in-years (integer)
          The number of years that you want to renew the domain for. The maxi-
          mum number of years depends on the top-level domain. For  the  range
          of  valid  values for your domain, see Domains that You Can Register
          with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide .

          Default: 1

       --current-expiry-year (integer)
          The year when the registration for the domain is set to expire. This
          value must match the current expiration date for the domain.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To renew a domain

       The following renew-domain command renews the specified domain for five
       years. To get the value for current-expiry-year, use the get-domain-de-
       tail command, and convert the value of ExpirationDate from Unix format.

       This  command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains renew-domain \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com \
              --duration-in-years 5 \
              --current-expiry-year 2020

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "3f28e0ac-126a-4113-9048-cc930example"
          }

       To confirm that the operation succeeded, you can run  get-operation-de-
       tail. For more information, see get-operation-detail.

       The  registry  for  each  top-level domain (TLD), such as .com or .org,
       controls the maximum number of years that you can renew a  domain  for.
       To  get  the maximum renewal period for your domain, see the "Registra-
       tion and Renewal Period" section for your TLD in Domains That  You  Can
       Register with Amazon Route 53 in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

       For  more  information,  see  Renewing Registration for a Domain in the
       Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          Identifier for tracking the progress of the request.  To  query  the
          operation status, use GetOperationDetail .



                                                                RENEW-DOMAIN()
