RESEND-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-EMAIL()        RESEND-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-EMAIL()



NAME
       resend-contact-reachability-email -

DESCRIPTION
       For operations that require confirmation that the email address for the
       registrant contact is valid, such as registering a new domain, this op-
       eration resends the confirmation email to the current email address for
       the registrant contact.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resend-contact-reachability-email
          [--domain-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain for which you want Route 53 to resend a  con-
          firmation email to the registrant contact.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To resend the confirmation email to the current email address  for  the
       registrant contact

       The  following  resend-contact-reachability-email  command  resends the
       confirmation email to the current email address for the registrant con-
       tact for the example.com domain.

       This  command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains resend-contact-reachability-email \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "domainName": "example.com",
              "emailAddress": "moliveira@example.com",
              "isAlreadyVerified": true
          }

       If the value of isAlreadyVerified is true, as in this example, the reg-
       istrant  contact has already confirmed that the specified email address
       is reachable.

       For more information,  see  Resending  Authorization  and  Confirmation
       Emails in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       domainName -> (string)
          The domain name for which you requested a confirmation email.

       emailAddress -> (string)
          The  email  address  for  the registrant contact at the time that we
          sent the verification email.

       isAlreadyVerified -> (boolean)
          True if the email address for the  registrant  contact  has  already
          been verified, and false otherwise. If the email address has already
          been verified, we don't send another confirmation email.



                                           RESEND-CONTACT-REACHABILITY-EMAIL()
