RETRIEVE-DOMAIN-AUTH-CODE()                        RETRIEVE-DOMAIN-AUTH-CODE()



NAME
       retrieve-domain-auth-code -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  returns the AuthCode for the domain. To transfer a do-
       main to another registrar, you provide this value to the new registrar.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            retrieve-domain-auth-code
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want to get  an  authorization  code
          for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the authorization code for a domain so you can transfer the  do-
       main to another registrar

       The following retrieve-domain-auth-code command gets the current autho-
       rization code for the example.com domain. You give this  value  to  an-
       other  domain  registrar  when  you want to transfer the domain to that
       registrar.

       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default  region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains retrieve-domain-auth-code \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com

       Output:

          {
              "AuthCode": ")o!v3dJeXampLe"
          }

       For more information, see Transferring a Domain from Amazon Route 53 to
       Another Registrar in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AuthCode -> (string)
          The authorization code for the domain.



                                                   RETRIEVE-DOMAIN-AUTH-CODE()
