UPDATE-DOMAIN-CONTACT-PRIVACY()                UPDATE-DOMAIN-CONTACT-PRIVACY()



NAME
       update-domain-contact-privacy -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation updates the specified domain contact's privacy setting.
       When privacy protection is enabled, contact information such  as  email
       address  is  replaced either with contact information for Amazon Regis-
       trar (for .com, .net, and .org domains) or with contact information for
       our registrar associate, Gandi.

       NOTE:
          You  must  specify  the same privacy setting for the administrative,
          registrant, and technical contacts.

       This operation affects only the contact information for  the  specified
       contact type (administrative, registrant, or technical). If the request
       succeeds, Amazon Route 53 returns an operation ID that you can use with
       GetOperationDetail  to track the progress and completion of the action.
       If the request doesn't complete  successfully,  the  domain  registrant
       will be notified by email.

       WARNING:
          By  disabling the privacy service via API, you consent to the publi-
          cation of the contact information provided for this domain  via  the
          public  WHOIS  database.  You certify that you are the registrant of
          this domain name and have the authority to make this  decision.  You
          may withdraw your consent at any time by enabling privacy protection
          using either UpdateDomainContactPrivacy or the Route 53 console. En-
          abling  privacy  protection removes the contact information provided
          for this domain from the WHOIS database. For more information on our
          privacy practices, see https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-domain-contact-privacy
          --domain-name <value>
          [--admin-privacy | --no-admin-privacy]
          [--registrant-privacy | --no-registrant-privacy]
          [--tech-privacy | --no-tech-privacy]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The  name  of the domain that you want to update the privacy setting
          for.

       --admin-privacy | --no-admin-privacy (boolean)
          Whether you want to conceal contact information from WHOIS  queries.
          If you specify true , WHOIS ("who is") queries return contact infor-
          mation either for Amazon Registrar (for .com,  .net,  and  .org  do-
          mains)  or  for our registrar associate, Gandi (for all other TLDs).
          If you specify false , WHOIS queries return the information that you
          entered for the admin contact.

          NOTE:
              You  must  specify  the same privacy setting for the administra-
              tive, registrant, and technical contacts.

       --registrant-privacy | --no-registrant-privacy (boolean)
          Whether you want to conceal contact information from WHOIS  queries.
          If you specify true , WHOIS ("who is") queries return contact infor-
          mation either for Amazon Registrar (for .com,  .net,  and  .org  do-
          mains)  or  for our registrar associate, Gandi (for all other TLDs).
          If you specify false , WHOIS queries return the information that you
          entered for the registrant contact (domain owner).

          NOTE:
              You  must  specify  the same privacy setting for the administra-
              tive, registrant, and technical contacts.

       --tech-privacy | --no-tech-privacy (boolean)
          Whether you want to conceal contact information from WHOIS  queries.
          If you specify true , WHOIS ("who is") queries return contact infor-
          mation either for Amazon Registrar (for .com,  .net,  and  .org  do-
          mains)  or  for our registrar associate, Gandi (for all other TLDs).
          If you specify false , WHOIS queries return the information that you
          entered for the technical contact.

          NOTE:
              You  must  specify  the same privacy setting for the administra-
              tive, registrant, and technical contacts.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the privacy settings for the contacts for a domain

       The  following  update-domain-contact-privacy command turns off privacy
       protection for the administrative contact for the  example.com  domain.
       This command runs only in the us-east-1 Region.

       If your default region is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region pa-
       rameter.

          aws route53domains update-domain-contact-privacy \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com \
              --no-admin-privacy

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "b3a219e9-d801-4244-b533-b7256example"
          }

       To confirm that the operation succeeded, you can run  get-operation-de-
       tail. For more information, see get-operation-detail .

       For  more information, see Enabling or Disabling Privacy Protection for
       Contact Information for a Domain  in  the  Amazon  Route  53  Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          Identifier  for tracking the progress of the request. To use this ID
          to query the operation status, use GetOperationDetail.



                                               UPDATE-DOMAIN-CONTACT-PRIVACY()
