UPDATE-DOMAIN-NAMESERVERS()                        UPDATE-DOMAIN-NAMESERVERS()



NAME
       update-domain-nameservers -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation replaces the current set of name servers for the domain
       with the specified set of name servers. If you use Amazon Route  53  as
       your  DNS  service, specify the four name servers in the delegation set
       for the hosted zone for the domain.

       If successful, this operation returns an operation ID that you can  use
       to  track  the progress and completion of the action. If the request is
       not completed successfully, the domain registrant will be  notified  by
       email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-domain-nameservers
          --domain-name <value>
          [--fi-auth-key <value>]
          --nameservers <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want to change name servers for.

       --fi-auth-key (string)
          The authorization key for .fi domains

       --nameservers (list)
          A list of new name servers for the domain.

          (structure)
              Nameserver includes the following elements.

              Name -> (string)
                 The fully qualified host name of the name server.

                 Constraint: Maximum 255 characters

              GlueIps -> (list)
                 Glue IP address of a name server entry. Glue IP addresses are
                 required only when the name of the name server is a subdomain
                 of the domain. For example, if your domain is example.com and
                 the name server for the domain is ns.example.com, you need to
                 specify the IP address for ns.example.com.

                 Constraints:  The list can contain only one IPv4 and one IPv6
                 address.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,GlueIps=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "GlueIps": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the name servers for a domain

       The  following  update-domain-nameservers  command  updates  the   name
       servers for a domain.

       This  command runs only in the us-east-1 Region. If your default region
       is set to us-east-1, you can omit the region parameter.

          aws route53domains update-domain-nameservers \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --domain-name example.com \
              --nameservers Name=ns-1.awsdns-01.org Name=ns-2.awsdns-02.co.uk Name=ns-3.awsdns-03.net Name=ns-4.awsdns-04.com

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "f1691ec4-0e7a-489e-82e0-b19d3example"
          }

       To confirm that the operation succeeded, you can run  get-domain-detail
       .

       For  more  information,  see  Adding  or Changing Name Servers and Glue
       Records for a Domain in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          Identifier for tracking the progress of the request.  To  query  the
          operation status, use GetOperationDetail .



                                                   UPDATE-DOMAIN-NAMESERVERS()
