CREATE-ATTENDEE()                                            CREATE-ATTENDEE()



NAME
       create-attendee -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new attendee for an active Amazon Chime SDK meeting. For more
       information about the Amazon Chime SDK, see Using the Amazon Chime  SDK
       in the Amazon Chime Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-attendee
          --meeting-id <value>
          --external-user-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --meeting-id (string)
          The unique ID of the meeting.

       --external-user-id (string)
          The  Amazon  Chime SDK external user ID. An idempotency token. Links
          the attendee to an identity managed by a builder application.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Attendee -> (structure)
          The attendee information, including attendee ID and join token.

          ExternalUserId -> (string)
              The Amazon Chime SDK external user  ID.  An  idempotency  token.
              Links  the attendee to an identity managed by a builder applica-
              tion.

          AttendeeId -> (string)
              The Amazon Chime SDK attendee ID.

          JoinToken -> (string)
              The join token used by the Amazon Chime SDK attendee.



                                                             CREATE-ATTENDEE()
