GET-ATTENDEE()                                                  GET-ATTENDEE()



NAME
       get-attendee -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  Amazon Chime SDK attendee details for a specified meeting ID
       and attendee ID. For more information about the Amazon Chime  SDK,  see
       Using the Amazon Chime SDK in the Amazon Chime Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-attendee
          --meeting-id <value>
          --attendee-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --meeting-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime SDK meeting ID.

       --attendee-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime SDK attendee ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Attendee -> (structure)
          The Amazon Chime SDK attendee information.

          ExternalUserId -> (string)
              The Amazon Chime SDK external user  ID.  An  idempotency  token.
              Links  the attendee to an identity managed by a builder applica-
              tion.

          AttendeeId -> (string)
              The Amazon Chime SDK attendee ID.

          JoinToken -> (string)
              The join token used by the Amazon Chime SDK attendee.

          Capabilities -> (structure)
              The capabilities assigned to an attendee: audio, video, or  con-
              tent.

              NOTE:
                 You  use  the  capabilities with a set of values that control
                 what the capabilities can do, such as SendReceive  data.  For
                 more information about those values, see .

              When using capabilities, be aware of these corner cases:

              o You  can't  set content capabilities to SendReceive or Receive
                unless you also set video capabilities to SendReceive  or  Re-
                ceive  . If you don't set the video capability to receive, the
                response will contain an HTTP 400  Bad  Request  status  code.
                However,  you can set your video capability to receive and you
                set your content capability to not receive.

              o When you change an audio capability from None  or  Receive  to
                Send  or  SendReceive  , and if the attendee left their micro-
                phone unmuted, audio will flow from the attendee to the  other
                meeting participants.

              o When you change a video or content capability from None or Re-
                ceive to Send or SendReceive , and if the attendee  turned  on
                their  video  or content streams, remote attendess can receive
                those streams, but only after media renegotiation between  the
                client and the Amazon Chime back-end server.

              Audio -> (string)
                 The audio capability assigned to an attendee.

              Video -> (string)
                 The video capability assigned to an attendee.

              Content -> (string)
                 The content capability assigned to an attendee.



                                                                GET-ATTENDEE()
