UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified tags from the specified resources. When you spec-
       ify a tag key, the action removes both  that  key  and  its  associated
       value. The operation succeeds even if you attempt to remove tags from a
       resource that were already removed. Note the following:

       o To remove tags from a resource, you need  the  necessary  permissions
         for  the  service that the resource belongs to as well as permissions
         for removing tags. For more information, see  the  documentation  for
         the service whose resource you want to untag.

       o You  can only tag resources that are located in the specified AWS Re-
         gion for the calling AWS account.
          Minimum permissions

       In addition to the tag:UntagResources permission required by this oper-
       ation,  you  must  also  have the remove tags permission defined by the
       service that created the resource. For example, to remove the tags from
       an  Amazon  EC2  instance  using the UntagResources operation, you must
       have both of the following permissions:
          tag:UntagResource

          ChimeSDKMeetings:DeleteTags

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource that you're removing tags from.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag keys being removed from the resources.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
