UPDATE-ATTENDEE-CAPABILITIES()                  UPDATE-ATTENDEE-CAPABILITIES()



NAME
       update-attendee-capabilities -

DESCRIPTION
       The capabilties that you want to update.

       NOTE:
          You  use the capabilities with a set of values that control what the
          capabilities can do, such as SendReceive data. For more  information
          about those values, see .

       When using capabilities, be aware of these corner cases:

       o You  can't  set content capabilities to SendReceive or Receive unless
         you also set video capabilities to SendReceive or Receive  .  If  you
         don't  set the video capability to receive, the response will contain
         an HTTP 400 Bad Request status code. However, you can set your  video
         capability  to receive and you set your content capability to not re-
         ceive.

       o When you change an audio capability from None or Receive to  Send  or
         SendReceive  , and if the attendee left their microphone unmuted, au-
         dio will flow from the attendee to the other meeting participants.

       o When you change a video or content capability from None or Receive to
         Send  or  SendReceive  , and if the attendee turned on their video or
         content streams, remote attendess can receive those streams, but only
         after  media  renegotiation  between  the client and the Amazon Chime
         back-end server.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-attendee-capabilities
          --meeting-id <value>
          --attendee-id <value>
          --capabilities <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --meeting-id (string)
          The ID of the meeting associated with the update request.

       --attendee-id (string)
          The ID of the attendee associated with the update request.

       --capabilities (structure)
          The capabilties that you want to update.

          Audio -> (string)
              The audio capability assigned to an attendee.

          Video -> (string)
              The video capability assigned to an attendee.

          Content -> (string)
              The content capability assigned to an attendee.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Audio=string,Video=string,Content=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Audio": "SendReceive"|"Send"|"Receive"|"None",
            "Video": "SendReceive"|"Send"|"Receive"|"None",
            "Content": "SendReceive"|"Send"|"Receive"|"None"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Attendee -> (structure)
          The updated attendee data.

          ExternalUserId -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Chime  SDK  external user ID. An idempotency token.
              Links the attendee to an identity managed by a builder  applica-
              tion.

          AttendeeId -> (string)
              The Amazon Chime SDK attendee ID.

          JoinToken -> (string)
              The join token used by the Amazon Chime SDK attendee.

          Capabilities -> (structure)
              The  capabilities assigned to an attendee: audio, video, or con-
              tent.

              NOTE:
                 You use the capabilities with a set of  values  that  control
                 what  the  capabilities can do, such as SendReceive data. For
                 more information about those values, see .

              When using capabilities, be aware of these corner cases:

              o You can't set content capabilities to SendReceive  or  Receive
                unless  you  also set video capabilities to SendReceive or Re-
                ceive . If you don't set the video capability to receive,  the
                response  will  contain  an  HTTP 400 Bad Request status code.
                However, you can set your video capability to receive and  you
                set your content capability to not receive.

              o When  you  change  an audio capability from None or Receive to
                Send or SendReceive , and if the attendee  left  their  micro-
                phone  unmuted, audio will flow from the attendee to the other
                meeting participants.

              o When you change a video or content capability from None or Re-
                ceive  to  Send or SendReceive , and if the attendee turned on
                their video or content streams, remote attendess  can  receive
                those  streams, but only after media renegotiation between the
                client and the Amazon Chime back-end server.

              Audio -> (string)
                 The audio capability assigned to an attendee.

              Video -> (string)
                 The video capability assigned to an attendee.

              Content -> (string)
                 The content capability assigned to an attendee.



                                                UPDATE-ATTENDEE-CAPABILITIES()
