ASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-DEVICE-WITH-THING()  ASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-DEVICE-WITH-THING()



NAME
       associate-wireless-device-with-thing -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a wireless device with a thing.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-wireless-device-with-thing
          --id <value>
          --thing-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the resource to update.

       --thing-arn (string)
          The ARN of the thing to associate with the wireless device.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a thing to a wireless device

       The following associate-wireless-device-with-thing example associates a
       thing to your wireless device that has the specified ID.

          aws iotwireless associate-wireless-device-with-thing \
              --id "12345678-a1b2-3c45-67d8-e90fa1b2c34d" \
              --thing-arn "arn:aws:iot:us-east-1:123456789012:thing/MyIoTWirelessThing"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Add your gateways and wireless devices to AWS
       IoT Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                        ASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-DEVICE-WITH-THING()
