DELETE-QUEUED-MESSAGES()                              DELETE-QUEUED-MESSAGES()



NAME
       delete-queued-messages -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove queued messages from the downlink queue.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-queued-messages
          --id <value>
          --message-id <value>
          [--wireless-device-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  ID  of a given wireless device for which downlink messages will
          be deleted.

       --message-id (string)
          If message ID is "*" , it cleares the entire downlink  queue  for  a
          given  device,  specified  by the wireless device ID. Otherwise, the
          downlink message with the specified message ID will be deleted.

       --wireless-device-type (string)
          The wireless device type, which can be either Sidewalk or LoRaWAN.

          Possible values:

          o Sidewalk

          o LoRaWAN

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-QUEUED-MESSAGES()
