DISASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-DISASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-FROM-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       disassociate-wireless-gateway-from-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a wireless gateway from its currently associated certifi-
       cate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-wireless-gateway-from-certificate
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the resource to update.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate the certificate from the wireless gateway

       The following disassociate-wireless-gateway-from-certificate disassoci-
       ates a wireless gateway from its currently associated certificate.

          aws iotwireless disassociate-wireless-gateway-from-certificate \
              --id "12345678-a1b2-3c45-67d8-e90fa1b2c34d"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Add your gateways and wireless devices to AWS
       IoT Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                              DISASSOCIATE-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-FROM-CERTIFICATE()
