DISASSOCIATE-AWS-ACCOUNT-FROM-PDISASSOCIATE-AWS-ACCOUNT-FROM-PARTNER-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disassociate-aws-account-from-partner-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  your  AWS  account from a partner account. If PartnerAc-
       countId and PartnerType are null , disassociates your AWS account  from
       all partner accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-aws-account-from-partner-account
          --partner-account-id <value>
          --partner-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --partner-account-id (string)
          The partner account ID to disassociate from the AWS account.

       --partner-type (string)
          The partner type.

          Possible values:

          o Sidewalk

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate the partner account from the AWS account

       The   following  disassociate-aws-account-from-partner-account  example
       disassociates a partner account from your currently associated AWS  ac-
       count.

          aws iotwireless disassociate-aws-account-from-partner-account \
              --partner-account-id "12345678901234" \
              --partner-type "Sidewalk"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Add your gateways and wireless devices to AWS
       IoT Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                               DISASSOCIATE-AWS-ACCOUNT-FROM-PARTNER-ACCOUNT()
