GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-FIRMWARE-INFORGET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-FIRMWARE-INFORMATION()



NAME
       get-wireless-gateway-firmware-information -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the firmware version and other information about a wireless gate-
       way.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-wireless-gateway-firmware-information
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the resource to get.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get firmware information about a wireless gateway

       The following  get-wireless-gateway-firmware-information  example  gets
       firmware version and other information about a wireless gateway.

          aws iotwireless get-wireless-gateway-firmware-information \
              --id "3039b406-5cc9-4307-925b-9948c63da25b"

       Output:

          {
              "LoRaWAN" :{
                  "CurrentVersion" :{
                      "PackageVersion" : "1.0.0",
                      "Station" : "2.0.5",
                      "Model" : "linux"
                  }
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see Connecting devices and gateways to AWS IoT
       Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       LoRaWAN -> (structure)
          Information about the wireless gateway's firmware.

          CurrentVersion -> (structure)
              The version of the gateways that should receive the update.

              PackageVersion -> (string)
                 The version of the wireless gateway firmware.

              Model -> (string)
                 The model number of the wireless gateway.

              Station -> (string)
                 The basic station version of the wireless gateway.



                                   GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-FIRMWARE-INFORMATION()
