GET-NETWORK-ANALYZER-CONFIGURATION()      GET-NETWORK-ANALYZER-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-network-analyzer-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Get network analyzer configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-network-analyzer-configuration
          --configuration-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-name (string)
          Name of the network analyzer configuration.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TraceContent -> (structure)
          Trace content for your wireless  gateway  and  wireless  device  re-
          sources.

          WirelessDeviceFrameInfo -> (string)
              FrameInfo  of  your wireless device resources for the trace con-
              tent. Use FrameInfo to debug the communication between your  Lo-
              RaWAN end devices and the network server.

          LogLevel -> (string)
              The log level for a log message. The log levels can be disabled,
              or set to ERROR to display less verbose logs containing only er-
              ror information, or to INFO for more detailed logs.

       WirelessDevices -> (list)
          List  of wireless gateway resources that have been added to the net-
          work analyzer configuration.

          (string)
              The ID of the wireless device.

       WirelessGateways -> (list)
          List of wireless gateway resources that have been added to the  net-
          work analyzer configuration.

          (string)

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the new resource.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name of the new resource.

       Name -> (string)
          Name of the network analyzer configuration.



                                          GET-NETWORK-ANALYZER-CONFIGURATION()
