GET-POSITION-CONFIGURATION()                      GET-POSITION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-position-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Get position configuration for a given resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-position-configuration
          --resource-identifier <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-identifier (string)
          Resource identifier used in a position configuration.

       --resource-type (string)
          Resource  type  of  the resource for which position configuration is
          retrieved.

          Possible values:

          o WirelessDevice

          o WirelessGateway

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Solvers -> (structure)
          The wrapper for the solver configuration details object.

          SemtechGnss -> (structure)
              The Semtech GNSS solver object details.

              Provider -> (string)
                 The vendor of the solver object.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of positioning solver used.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status indicating whether the solver is enabled.

              Fec -> (string)
                 Whether forward error correction is enabled.

       Destination -> (string)
          The  position  data destination that describes the AWS IoT rule that
          processes the device's position data for use by AWS IoT Core for Lo-
          RaWAN.



                                                  GET-POSITION-CONFIGURATION()
