GET-MULTICAST-GROUP()                                    GET-MULTICAST-GROUP()



NAME
       get-multicast-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about a multicast group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-multicast-group
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the multicast group.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The arn of the multicast group.

       Id -> (string)
          The ID of the multicast group.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the multicast group.

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the new resource.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the multicast group.

       LoRaWAN -> (structure)
          The  LoRaWAN  information that is to be returned from getting multi-
          cast group information.

          RfRegion -> (string)
              Supported RfRegions

          DlClass -> (string)
              DlClass for LoRaWAM, valid values are ClassB and ClassC.

          NumberOfDevicesRequested -> (integer)
              Number of devices that are requested to be associated  with  the
              multicast group.

          NumberOfDevicesInGroup -> (integer)
              Number of devices that are associated to the multicast group.

       CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
          Created at timestamp for the resource.



                                                         GET-MULTICAST-GROUP()
