GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-STATISTICS()            GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-STATISTICS()



NAME
       get-wireless-gateway-statistics -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets operating information about a wireless gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-wireless-gateway-statistics
          --wireless-gateway-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --wireless-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the wireless gateway for which to get the data.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get operating information about a wireless gateway

       The  following  get-wireless-gateway-statistics  example gets operating
       information about a wireless gateway.

          aws iotwireless get-wireless-gateway-statistics \
              --wireless-gateway-id "3039b406-5cc9-4307-925b-9948c63da25b"

       Output:

          {
              "WirelessGatewayId": "3039b406-5cc9-4307-925b-9948c63da25b"
          }

       For more information, see Connecting devices and gateways  to  AWS  IoT
       Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       WirelessGatewayId -> (string)
          The ID of the wireless gateway.

       LastUplinkReceivedAt -> (string)
          The date and time when the most recent uplink was received.

       ConnectionStatus -> (string)
          The connection status of the wireless gateway.



                                             GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-STATISTICS()
