GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-CERTIFICATE()          GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       get-wireless-gateway-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  ID  of  the  certificate that is currently associated with a
       wireless gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-wireless-gateway-certificate
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the resource to get.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the ID of a certificate associated with a wireless gateway

       The following get-wireless-gateway-certificate example  gets  the  cer-
       tificate  ID  associated with a wireless gateway that has the specified
       ID.

          aws iotwireless get-wireless-gateway-certificate \
              --id "6c44ab31-8b4d-407a-bed3-19b6c7cda551"

       Output:

          {
              "IotCertificateId": "8ea4aeae3db34c78cce75d9abd830356869ead6972997e0603e5fd032c804b6f"
          }

       For more information, see Connecting devices and gateways  to  AWS  IoT
       Core for LoRaWAN in the AWS IoT Developers Guide.

OUTPUT
       IotCertificateId -> (string)
          The ID of the certificate associated with the wireless gateway.

       LoRaWANNetworkServerCertificateId -> (string)
          The ID of the certificate that is associated with the wireless gate-
          way and used for the LoRaWANNetworkServer endpoint.



                                            GET-WIRELESS-GATEWAY-CERTIFICATE()
