GET-POSITION()                                                  GET-POSITION()



NAME
       get-position -

DESCRIPTION
       Get the position information for a given resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-position
          --resource-identifier <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-identifier (string)
          Resource identifier used to retrieve the position information.

       --resource-type (string)
          Resource  type of the resource for which position information is re-
          trieved.

          Possible values:

          o WirelessDevice

          o WirelessGateway

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Position -> (list)
          The position information of the resource.

          (float)

       Accuracy -> (structure)
          The accuracy of the estimated position in meters. An empty value in-
          dicates that no position data is available. A value of 0.0 value in-
          dicates  that  position  data is available. This data corresponds to
          the position information that you specified instead of the  position
          computed by solver.

          HorizontalAccuracy -> (float)
              The horizontal accuracy of the estimated position in meters.

          VerticalAccuracy -> (float)
              The vertical accuracy of the estimated position in meters.

       SolverType -> (string)
          The type of solver used to identify the position of the resource.

       SolverProvider -> (string)
          The vendor of the positioning solver.

       SolverVersion -> (string)
          The version of the positioning solver.

       Timestamp -> (string)
          The timestamp at which the device's position was determined.



                                                                GET-POSITION()
