LIST-MULTICAST-GROUPS-BY-FUOTA-TASK()    LIST-MULTICAST-GROUPS-BY-FUOTA-TASK()



NAME
       list-multicast-groups-by-fuota-task -

DESCRIPTION
       List all multicast groups associated with a fuota task.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-multicast-groups-by-fuota-task
          --id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of a FUOTA task.

       --next-token (string)
          To retrieve the next set of results, the nextToken value from a pre-
          vious response; otherwise null to receive the first set of results.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return in this operation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          To retrieve the next set of results, the nextToken value from a pre-
          vious response; otherwise null to receive the first set of results.

       MulticastGroupList -> (list)
          List of multicast groups associated with a FUOTA task.

          (structure)
              A multicast group that is associated with a FUOTA task.

              Id -> (string)
                 The ID of the multicast group.



                                         LIST-MULTICAST-GROUPS-BY-FUOTA-TASK()
