DELETE-STREAM()                                                DELETE-STREAM()



NAME
       delete-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Kinesis video stream and the data contained in the stream.

       This  method  marks  the stream for deletion, and makes the data in the
       stream inaccessible immediately.

       To ensure that you have the latest version of the stream before  delet-
       ing  it,  you can specify the stream version. Kinesis Video Streams as-
       signs a version to each stream. When you update a stream, Kinesis Video
       Streams assigns a new version number. To get the latest stream version,
       use the DescribeStream API.

       This operation requires permission  for  the  KinesisVideo:DeleteStream
       action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-stream
          --stream-arn <value>
          [--current-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of  the  stream that you want to
          delete.

       --current-version (string)
          Optional: The version of the stream that you want to delete.

          Specify the version as a safeguard to ensure that your are  deleting
          the  correct  stream.  To  get the stream version, use the Describe-
          Stream API.

          If not specified, only the CreationTime is checked  before  deleting
          the stream.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-STREAM()
