DELETE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()                          DELETE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()



NAME
       delete-signaling-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  specified  signaling  channel. DeleteSignalingChannel is an
       asynchronous operation. If you don't specify the channel's current ver-
       sion, the most recent version is deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-signaling-channel
          --channel-arn <value>
          [--current-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the signaling channel that you
          want to delete.

       --current-version (string)
          The current version of  the  signaling  channel  that  you  want  to
          delete.  You  can  obtain  the  current  version by invoking the De-
          scribeSignalingChannel or ListSignalingChannels API operations.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()
