DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()    DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-notification-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the NotificationConfiguration for a given Kinesis video stream.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-notification-configuration
          [--stream-name <value>]
          [--stream-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The  name of the stream from which to retrieve the notification con-
          figuration. You must specify either the StreamName or the  StreamARN
          .

       --stream-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of the Kinesis video stream from
          where you want to retrieve the notification configuration. You  must
          specify either the StreamName or the StreamARN.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NotificationConfiguration -> (structure)
          The structure that contains the information required  for  notifica-
          tions.  If  the structure is null, the configuration will be deleted
          from the stream.

          Status -> (string)
              Indicates if a notification configuration  is  enabled  or  dis-
              abled.

          DestinationConfig -> (structure)
              The  destination  information required to deliver a notification
              to a customer.

              Uri -> (string)
                 The Uniform Resource Idenifier (URI)  that  identifies  where
                 the images will be delivered.



                                         DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()
