LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of tags associated with the specified signaling channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          [--next-token <value>]
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          If  you  specify  this  parameter and the result of a ListTagsForRe-
          source call is truncated, the response includes a token that you can
          use in the next request to fetch the next batch of tags.

       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the signaling channel for which
          you want to list tags.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If  you  specify  this  parameter and the result of a ListTagsForRe-
          source call is truncated, the response includes a token that you can
          use in the next request to fetch the next set of tags.

       Tags -> (map)
          A map of tag keys and values associated with the specified signaling
          channel.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
