TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds one or more tags to a signaling channel. A tag is a key-value pair
       (the value is optional) that you can define and assign  to  Amazon  Web
       Services  resources.  If you specify a tag that already exists, the tag
       value is replaced with the value that you specify in the  request.  For
       more  information,  see  Using  Cost Allocation Tags in the Billing and
       Cost Management and Cost Management User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the signaling channel to which you
          want to add tags.

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of  tags to associate with the specified signaling channel.
          Each tag is a key-value pair.

          (structure)
              A key and value pair that is associated with the specified  sig-
              naling channel.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag that is associated with the specified sig-
                 naling channel.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag that is associated  with  the  specified
                 signaling channel.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
