UPDATE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()                          UPDATE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()



NAME
       update-signaling-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the existing signaling channel. This is an asynchronous opera-
       tion and takes time to complete.

       If the MessageTtlSeconds value is  updated  (either  increased  or  re-
       duced),  it  only  applies  to new messages sent via this channel after
       it's been updated. Existing messages are still expired as per the  pre-
       vious MessageTtlSeconds value.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-signaling-channel
          --channel-arn <value>
          --current-version <value>
          [--single-master-configuration <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the signaling channel that you
          want to update.

       --current-version (string)
          The current version of the signaling channel that you  want  to  up-
          date.

       --single-master-configuration (structure)
          The  structure  containing  the  configuration for the SINGLE_MASTER
          type of the signaling channel that you want to update.

          MessageTtlSeconds -> (integer)
              The period of time a signaling channel retains underlivered mes-
              sages before they are discarded.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          MessageTtlSeconds=integer

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "MessageTtlSeconds": integer
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-SIGNALING-CHANNEL()
