UPDATE-DATA-RETENTION()                                UPDATE-DATA-RETENTION()



NAME
       update-data-retention -

DESCRIPTION
       Increases  or decreases the stream's data retention period by the value
       that you specify. To indicate whether you want to increase or  decrease
       the  data  retention period, specify the Operation parameter in the re-
       quest body. In the request, you must specify either the  StreamName  or
       the StreamARN .

       NOTE:
          The retention period that you specify replaces the current value.

       This  operation  requires permission for the KinesisVideo:UpdateDataRe-
       tention action.

       Changing the data retention period affects the data in  the  stream  as
       follows:

       o If  the data retention period is increased, existing data is retained
         for the new retention period. For example, if the data retention  pe-
         riod  is increased from one hour to seven hours, all existing data is
         retained for seven hours.

       o If the data retention period is decreased, existing data is  retained
         for  the new retention period. For example, if the data retention pe-
         riod is decreased from seven hours to one hour, all existing data  is
         retained  for  one  hour, and any data older than one hour is deleted
         immediately.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-data-retention
          [--stream-name <value>]
          [--stream-arn <value>]
          --current-version <value>
          --operation <value>
          --data-retention-change-in-hours <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream whose retention period you want to change.

       --stream-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the stream whose retention  period
          you want to change.

       --current-version (string)
          The version of the stream whose retention period you want to change.
          To get the version, call either  the  DescribeStream  or  the  List-
          Streams API.

       --operation (string)
          Indicates whether you want to increase or decrease the retention pe-
          riod.

          Possible values:

          o INCREASE_DATA_RETENTION

          o DECREASE_DATA_RETENTION

       --data-retention-change-in-hours (integer)
          The retention period, in hours. The value you specify  replaces  the
          current  value.  The  maximum value for this parameter is 87600 (ten
          years).

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       UPDATE-DATA-RETENTION()
