DELETE-HOST()                                                    DELETE-HOST()



NAME
       delete-host -

DESCRIPTION
       The host to be deleted. Before you delete a host, all connections asso-
       ciated to the host must be deleted.

       NOTE:
          A host cannot be deleted if it is in the VPC_CONFIG_INITIALIZING  or
          VPC_CONFIG_DELETING state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-host
          --host-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --host-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the host to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a host

       The  following  delete-host  example shows how to delete a host. Before
       you can delete a host, you must delete all connections associated  with
       the host.

          aws codestar-connections delete-host \
              --host-arn "arn:aws:codestar-connections:us-east-1 :123456789012:host/My-Host-28aef605"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Delete a host (CLI) in the Developer Tools
       console User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-HOST()
