LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the set of key-value pairs (metadata) that are used to manage the
       resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource for which you want to
          get information about tags, if any.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list tags

       The  following  list-tags-for-resource  example retrieves a list of all
       tags attached to the specified connections resource.

          aws codestar-connections list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:codestar-connections:us-east-1:123456789012:connection/aEXAMPLE-8aad-4d5d-8878-dfcab0bc441f

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Project",
                      "Value": "ProjectA"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "ReadOnly",
                      "Value": "true"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see View tags for a connections resource  in  the
       Developer Tools console User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A  list of tag key and value pairs associated with the specified re-
          source.

          (structure)
              A tag is a key-value pair that is used to manage the resource.

              This tag is available for use by AWS services that support tags.

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag's key.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
