DELETE-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY()                      DELETE-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-access-point-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the access point policy for the specified access point.

       All  Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require an
       additional parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the  request
       and  an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix instead of s3-control .
       For an example of the request syntax for Amazon  S3  on  Outposts  that
       uses  the  S3  on  Outposts endpoint hostname prefix and the x-amz-out-
       post-id derived using the access point ARN, see the Examples section.

       The following actions are related to DeleteAccessPointPolicy :

       o PutAccessPointPolicy

       o GetAccessPointPolicy

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-access-point-policy
          --account-id <value>
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID for the account that owns the specified access point.

       --name (string)
          The name of the access point whose policy you want to delete.

          For using this parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts  with  the  REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For  using  this  parameter  with S3 on Outposts with the Amazon Web
          Services SDK and CLI, you must specify the ARN of the  access  point
          accessed    in    the    format    arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<ac-
          count-id>:outpost/<outpost-id>/accesspoint/<my-accesspoint-name>   .
          For  example,  to access the access point reports-ap through outpost
          my-outpost owned by account 123456789012 in Region us-west-2  ,  use
          the  URL encoding of arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:out-
          post/my-outpost/accesspoint/reports-ap . The value must be  URL  en-
          coded.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an access point policy

       The  following  delete-access-point-policy  example  deletes the access
       point  policy  from  the  access  point  named  finance-ap  in  account
       123456789012.  Before  running  this  example, replace the access point
       name and account number with appropriate values for your use case.

          aws s3control delete-access-point-policy \
              --account-id 123456789012 \
              --name finance-ap

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing Data Access with  Amazon  S3  Access
       Points in the Amazon Simple Storage Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY()
