DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()                                  DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-bucket-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  action  deletes  an  Amazon  S3  on Outposts bucket policy. To
          delete an S3 bucket policy, see DeleteBucketPolicy in the Amazon  S3
          API Reference .

       This implementation of the DELETE action uses the policy subresource to
       delete the policy of a specified Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket.  If  you
       are  using  an identity other than the root user of the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account that owns the bucket, the calling identity must have  the
       s3-outposts:DeleteBucketPolicy  permissions  on  the specified Outposts
       bucket and belong to the bucket owner's account to use this action. For
       more  information,  see  Using  Amazon S3 on Outposts in Amazon S3 User
       Guide .

       If you don't have DeleteBucketPolicy permissions, Amazon S3  returns  a
       403  Access  Denied  error.  If  you  have the correct permissions, but
       you're not using an identity that belongs to  the  bucket  owner's  ac-
       count, Amazon S3 returns a 405 Method Not Allowed error.

       WARNING:
          As  a  security precaution, the root user of the Amazon Web Services
          account that owns a bucket can always use this action, even  if  the
          policy  explicitly  denies the root user the ability to perform this
          action.

       For more information about bucket policies, see Using  Bucket  Policies
       and User Policies .

       All  Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require an
       additional parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the  request
       and  an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix instead of s3-control .
       For an example of the request syntax for Amazon  S3  on  Outposts  that
       uses  the  S3  on  Outposts endpoint hostname prefix and the x-amz-out-
       post-id derived using the access point ARN, see the Examples section.

       The following actions are related to DeleteBucketPolicy :

       o GetBucketPolicy

       o PutBucketPolicy

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-policy
          --account-id <value>
          --bucket <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID of the Outposts bucket.

       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket.

          For using this parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts  with  the  REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For  using  this  parameter  with S3 on Outposts with the Amazon Web
          Services SDK and CLI, you must specify the ARN  of  the  bucket  ac-
          cessed  in the format arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<account-id>:out-
          post/<outpost-id>/bucket/<my-bucket-name> . For example,  to  access
          the  bucket  reports  through  outpost  my-outpost  owned by account
          123456789012  in  Region  us-west-2  ,  use  the  URL  encoding   of
          arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:outpost/my-out-
          post/bucket/reports . The value must be URL encoded.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()
