DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE-CONFIGURATION()DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-bucket-lifecycle-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This action deletes an Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket's lifecycle con-
          figuration. To delete an S3 bucket's  lifecycle  configuration,  see
          DeleteBucketLifecycle in the Amazon S3 API Reference .

       Deletes the lifecycle configuration from the specified Outposts bucket.
       Amazon S3 on Outposts removes all the lifecycle configuration rules  in
       the  lifecycle  subresource  associated  with  the bucket. Your objects
       never expire, and Amazon S3 on Outposts no longer automatically deletes
       any  objects  on  the basis of rules contained in the deleted lifecycle
       configuration. For more information, see Using Amazon S3 on Outposts in
       Amazon S3 User Guide .

       To  use  this  action,  you must have permission to perform the s3-out-
       posts:DeleteLifecycleConfiguration action. By default, the bucket owner
       has  this  permission and the Outposts bucket owner can grant this per-
       mission to others.

       All Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require  an
       additional  parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the request
       and an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix instead of s3-control  .
       For  an  example  of  the request syntax for Amazon S3 on Outposts that
       uses the S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname  prefix  and  the  x-amz-out-
       post-id derived using the access point ARN, see the Examples section.

       For  more information about object expiration, see Elements to Describe
       Lifecycle Actions .

       Related actions include:

       o PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration

       o GetBucketLifecycleConfiguration

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-lifecycle-configuration
          --account-id <value>
          --bucket <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID of the lifecycle configuration to delete.

       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket.

          For using this parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts  with  the  REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For  using  this  parameter  with S3 on Outposts with the Amazon Web
          Services SDK and CLI, you must specify the ARN  of  the  bucket  ac-
          cessed  in the format arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<account-id>:out-
          post/<outpost-id>/bucket/<my-bucket-name> . For example,  to  access
          the  bucket  reports  through  outpost  my-outpost  owned by account
          123456789012  in  Region  us-west-2  ,  use  the  URL  encoding   of
          arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:outpost/my-out-
          post/bucket/reports . The value must be URL encoded.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE-CONFIGURATION()
