DELETE-BUCKET()                                                DELETE-BUCKET()



NAME
       delete-bucket -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This action deletes an Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket. To delete an S3
          bucket, see DeleteBucket in the Amazon S3 API Reference .

       Deletes the Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket. All  objects  (including  all
       object  versions  and delete markers) in the bucket must be deleted be-
       fore the bucket itself can be deleted. For more information, see  Using
       Amazon S3 on Outposts in Amazon S3 User Guide .

       All  Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require an
       additional parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the  request
       and  an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix instead of s3-control .
       For an example of the request syntax for Amazon  S3  on  Outposts  that
       uses  the  S3  on  Outposts endpoint hostname prefix and the x-amz-out-
       post-id derived using the access point ARN, see the Examples section.
          Related Resources

       o CreateBucket

       o GetBucket

       o DeleteObject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket
          --account-id <value>
          --bucket <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID that owns the Outposts bucket.

       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket being deleted.

          For using this parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts  with  the  REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For  using  this  parameter  with S3 on Outposts with the Amazon Web
          Services SDK and CLI, you must specify the ARN  of  the  bucket  ac-
          cessed  in the format arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<account-id>:out-
          post/<outpost-id>/bucket/<my-bucket-name> . For example,  to  access
          the  bucket  reports  through  outpost  my-outpost  owned by account
          123456789012  in  Region  us-west-2  ,  use  the  URL  encoding   of
          arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:outpost/my-out-
          post/bucket/reports . The value must be URL encoded.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-BUCKET()
