DELETE-JOB-TAGGING()                                      DELETE-JOB-TAGGING()



NAME
       delete-job-tagging -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the entire tag set from the specified S3 Batch Operations job.
       To use  this  operation,  you  must  have  permission  to  perform  the
       s3:DeleteJobTagging  action.  For more information, see Controlling ac-
       cess and labeling jobs using tags in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       Related actions include:

       o CreateJob

       o GetJobTagging

       o PutJobTagging

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-job-tagging
          --account-id <value>
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the S3 Batch  Op-
          erations job.

       --job-id (string)
          The  ID  for  the  S3  Batch  Operations  job whose tags you want to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-JOB-TAGGING()
