GET-JOB-TAGGING()                                            GET-JOB-TAGGING()



NAME
       get-job-tagging -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the tags on an S3 Batch Operations job. To use this operation,
       you must have permission to perform the  s3:GetJobTagging  action.  For
       more  information,  see Controlling access and labeling jobs using tags
       in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       Related actions include:

       o CreateJob

       o PutJobTagging

       o DeleteJobTagging

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-job-tagging
          --account-id <value>
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the S3 Batch  Op-
          erations job.

       --job-id (string)
          The  ID  for  the S3 Batch Operations job whose tags you want to re-
          trieve.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The set of tags associated with the S3 Batch Operations job.

          (structure)
              Key -> (string)

              Value -> (string)



                                                             GET-JOB-TAGGING()
