GET-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY-STATUS()              GET-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY-STATUS()



NAME
       get-access-point-policy-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Indicates  whether  the  specified  access point currently has a policy
       that allows public access. For more  information  about  public  access
       through  access  points, see Managing Data Access with Amazon S3 access
       points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-access-point-policy-status
          --account-id <value>
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID for the account that owns the specified access point.

       --name (string)
          The name of the access point whose policy status  you  want  to  re-
          trieve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the access point policy status

       The  following get-access-point-policy-status example retrieves the ac-
       cess point policy status for the access point named finance-ap  in  ac-
       count  123456789012.  The  access point policy status indicates whether
       the access point's policy allows public access. Before running this ex-
       ample,  replace the access point name and account number with appropri-
       ate values for your use case.

          aws s3control get-access-point-policy-status \
              --account-id 123456789012 \
              --name finance-ap

       Output:

          {
              "PolicyStatus": {
                  "IsPublic": false
              }
          }

       For more information about when an access point  policy  is  considered
       public,  see  The Meaning of "Public" in the Amazon Simple Storage Ser-
       vice Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       PolicyStatus -> (structure)
          Indicates the current policy status of the specified access point.

          IsPublic -> (boolean)



                                              GET-ACCESS-POINT-POLICY-STATUS()
