GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()                              GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()



NAME
       get-bucket-replication -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  operation  gets  an Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket's replication
          configuration. To get an S3 bucket's replication configuration,  see
          GetBucketReplication in the Amazon S3 API Reference .

       Returns  the replication configuration of an S3 on Outposts bucket. For
       more information about S3 on Outposts, see Using Amazon S3 on  Outposts
       in  the  Amazon S3 User Guide . For information about S3 replication on
       Outposts configuration, see Replicating objects for S3 on  Outposts  in
       the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       NOTE:
          It can take a while to propagate PUT or DELETE requests for a repli-
          cation configuration to all S3 on Outposts systems.  Therefore,  the
          replication  configuration that's returned by a GET request soon af-
          ter a PUT or DELETE request might return a more recent  result  than
          what's on the Outpost. If an Outpost is offline, the delay in updat-
          ing the replication configuration on that Outpost  can  be  signifi-
          cant.

       This action requires permissions for the s3-outposts:GetReplicationCon-
       figuration action. The Outposts bucket owner has this permission by de-
       fault  and  can  grant it to others. For more information about permis-
       sions, see Setting up IAM with S3 on Outposts and Managing access to S3
       on Outposts bucket in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       All  Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require an
       additional parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the request.
       In  addition,  you  must use an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix
       instead of s3-control . For an example of the request syntax for Amazon
       S3  on  Outposts  that uses the S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix
       and the x-amz-outpost-id derived by using the access point ARN, see the
       Examples section.

       If  you  include the Filter element in a replication configuration, you
       must also include the DeleteMarkerReplication , Status ,  and  Priority
       elements. The response also returns those elements.

       For  information  about S3 on Outposts replication failure reasons, see
       Replication failure reasons in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       The following operations are related to GetBucketReplication :

       o PutBucketReplication

       o DeleteBucketReplication

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-replication
          --account-id <value>
          --bucket <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID of the Outposts bucket.

       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket to get the replication information for.

          For using this parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts  with  the  REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For  using  this  parameter  with S3 on Outposts with the Amazon Web
          Services SDK and CLI, you must specify the ARN  of  the  bucket  ac-
          cessed  in the format arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<account-id>:out-
          post/<outpost-id>/bucket/<my-bucket-name> . For example,  to  access
          the  bucket  reports  through  Outpost  my-outpost  owned by account
          123456789012  in  Region  us-west-2  ,  use  the  URL  encoding   of
          arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:outpost/my-out-
          post/bucket/reports . The value must be URL encoded.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       ReplicationConfiguration -> (structure)
          A container for one or more replication rules. A replication config-
          uration must have at least one rule and you can add up to 100 rules.
          The maximum size of a replication configuration is 128 KB.

          Role -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Identity and Access Man-
              agement (IAM) role that S3 on Outposts assumes when  replicating
              objects.  For  information about S3 replication on Outposts con-
              figuration, see Setting up replication in  the  Amazon  S3  User
              Guide .

          Rules -> (list)
              A  container  for  one  or more replication rules. A replication
              configuration must have at least one rule and can contain an ar-
              ray of 100 rules at the most.

              (structure)
                 Specifies which S3 on Outposts objects to replicate and where
                 to store the replicas.

                 ID -> (string)
                     A unique identifier for the rule. The  maximum  value  is
                     255 characters.

                 Priority -> (integer)
                     The priority indicates which rule has precedence whenever
                     two or more replication rules conflict.  S3  on  Outposts
                     attempts  to  replicate objects according to all replica-
                     tion rules. However, if there are two or more rules  with
                     the  same  destination Outposts bucket, then objects will
                     be replicated according to the rule with the highest pri-
                     ority. The higher the number, the higher the priority.

                     For  more  information, see Creating replication rules on
                     Outposts in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

                 Prefix -> (string)
                     An object key name prefix that identifies the  object  or
                     objects  to  which  the  rule applies. The maximum prefix
                     length is 1,024 characters. To include all objects in  an
                     Outposts bucket, specify an empty string.

                     WARNING:
                        When  you're using XML requests, you must replace spe-
                        cial characters (such as carriage returns)  in  object
                        keys  with their equivalent XML entity codes. For more
                        information, see XML-related object key constraints in
                        the Amazon S3 User Guide .

                 Filter -> (structure)
                     A  filter  that identifies the subset of objects to which
                     the replication rule applies. A Filter element must spec-
                     ify exactly one Prefix , Tag , or And child element.

                     Prefix -> (string)
                        An  object  key name prefix that identifies the subset
                        of objects that the rule applies to.

                        WARNING:
                            When you're using XML requests, you  must  replace
                            special  characters  (such as carriage returns) in
                            object  keys  with  their  equivalent  XML  entity
                            codes.  For  more information, see XML-related ob-
                            ject key constraints in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

                     Tag -> (structure)
                        A container for a key-value name pair.

                        Key -> (string)
                            Key of the tag

                        Value -> (string)
                            Value of the tag

                     And -> (structure)
                        A container for specifying rule filters.  The  filters
                        determine  the subset of objects that the rule applies
                        to. This element is required only if you specify  more
                        than one filter. For example:

                        o If  you specify both a Prefix and a Tag filter, wrap
                          these filters in an And element.

                        o If you specify a filter based on multiple tags, wrap
                          the Tag elements in an And element.

                        Prefix -> (string)
                            An object key name prefix that identifies the sub-
                            set of objects that the rule applies to.

                        Tags -> (list)
                            An array of tags that contain key and value pairs.

                            (structure)
                               A container for a key-value name pair.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   Key of the tag

                               Value -> (string)
                                   Value of the tag

                 Status -> (string)
                     Specifies whether the rule is enabled.

                 SourceSelectionCriteria -> (structure)
                     A container that describes additional filters for identi-
                     fying the source Outposts objects that you want to repli-
                     cate. You can choose to enable or disable the replication
                     of these objects.

                     SseKmsEncryptedObjects -> (structure)
                        A  filter that you can use to select Amazon S3 objects
                        that are encrypted with server-side encryption by  us-
                        ing  Key Management Service (KMS) keys. If you include
                        SourceSelectionCriteria in the replication  configura-
                        tion, this element is required.

                        NOTE:
                            This  is  not  supported  by Amazon S3 on Outposts
                            buckets.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether  Amazon  S3  replicates  objects
                            that  are  created  with server-side encryption by
                            using an KMS key stored in Key Management Service.

                     ReplicaModifications -> (structure)
                        A filter that you can use to specify  whether  replica
                        modification  sync  is enabled. S3 on Outposts replica
                        modification sync can help you  keep  object  metadata
                        synchronized  between  replicas and source objects. By
                        default, S3 on Outposts replicates metadata  from  the
                        source objects to the replicas only. When replica mod-
                        ification sync is enabled, S3 on  Outposts  replicates
                        metadata  changes  made  to the replica copies back to
                        the source object,  making  the  replication  bidirec-
                        tional.

                        To  replicate  object metadata modifications on repli-
                        cas, you can specify this element and set  the  Status
                        of this element to Enabled .

                        NOTE:
                            You  must  enable replica modification sync on the
                            source  and  destination  buckets   to   replicate
                            replica  metadata  changes  between the source and
                            the replicas.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether S3 on Outposts replicates  modi-
                            fications to object metadata on replicas.

                 ExistingObjectReplication -> (structure)
                     An  optional  configuration  to replicate existing source
                     bucket objects.

                     NOTE:
                        This is not supported by Amazon S3 on  Outposts  buck-
                        ets.

                     Status -> (string)
                        Specifies whether Amazon S3 replicates existing source
                        bucket objects.

                 Destination -> (structure)
                     A container for information about the replication  desti-
                     nation and its configurations.

                     Account -> (string)
                        The destination bucket owner's account ID.

                     Bucket -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the access point for
                        the destination bucket where you want S3  on  Outposts
                        to store the replication results.

                     ReplicationTime -> (structure)
                        A container that specifies S3 Replication Time Control
                        (S3 RTC) settings, including whether S3 RTC is enabled
                        and  the  time  when all objects and operations on ob-
                        jects must be replicated. Must be  specified  together
                        with a Metrics block.

                        NOTE:
                            This  is  not  supported  by Amazon S3 on Outposts
                            buckets.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether S3 Replication Time Control  (S3
                            RTC) is enabled.

                        Time -> (structure)
                            A  container  that  specifies  the  time  by which
                            replication should be complete for all objects and
                            operations on objects.

                            Minutes -> (integer)
                               Contains an integer that specifies the time pe-
                               riod in minutes.

                               Valid value: 15

                     AccessControlTranslation -> (structure)
                        Specify this property only in a cross-account scenario
                        (where  the  source  and destination bucket owners are
                        not the same), and you want to change  replica  owner-
                        ship  to the Amazon Web Services account that owns the
                        destination bucket. If this property is not  specified
                        in  the  replication  configuration,  the replicas are
                        owned by same Amazon Web Services  account  that  owns
                        the source object.

                        NOTE:
                            This  is  not  supported  by Amazon S3 on Outposts
                            buckets.

                        Owner -> (string)
                            Specifies the replica ownership.

                     EncryptionConfiguration -> (structure)
                        A container that provides  information  about  encryp-
                        tion.  If  SourceSelectionCriteria  is  specified, you
                        must specify this element.

                        NOTE:
                            This is not supported by  Amazon  S3  on  Outposts
                            buckets.

                        ReplicaKmsKeyID -> (string)
                            Specifies  the  ID of the customer managed KMS key
                            that's stored in Key Management Service (KMS)  for
                            the destination bucket. This ID is either the Ama-
                            zon Resource Name (ARN) for the  KMS  key  or  the
                            alias ARN for the KMS key. Amazon S3 uses this KMS
                            key to encrypt replica objects. Amazon S3 supports
                            only  symmetric  encryption KMS keys. For more in-
                            formation, see Symmetric encryption  KMS  keys  in
                            the Amazon Web Services Key Management Service De-
                            veloper Guide .

                     Metrics -> (structure)
                        A container that specifies replication metrics-related
                        settings.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether replication metrics are enabled.

                        EventThreshold -> (structure)
                            A  container that specifies the time threshold for
                            emitting the s3:Replication:OperationMissedThresh-
                            old event.

                            NOTE:
                               This  is not supported by Amazon S3 on Outposts
                               buckets.

                            Minutes -> (integer)
                               Contains an integer that specifies the time pe-
                               riod in minutes.

                               Valid value: 15

                     StorageClass -> (string)
                        The storage class to use when replicating objects. All
                        objects stored on S3 on Outposts  are  stored  in  the
                        OUTPOSTS  storage  class. S3 on Outposts uses the OUT-
                        POSTS storage class to create the object replicas.

                        NOTE:
                            Values other than  OUTPOSTS  aren't  supported  by
                            Amazon S3 on Outposts.

                 DeleteMarkerReplication -> (structure)
                     Specifies  whether S3 on Outposts replicates delete mark-
                     ers. If you specify a Filter element in your  replication
                     configuration, you must also include a DeleteMarkerRepli-
                     cation element. If your Filter includes  a  Tag  element,
                     the  DeleteMarkerReplication  element's Status child ele-
                     ment must be set to Disabled ,  because  S3  on  Outposts
                     doesn't  support replicating delete markers for tag-based
                     rules.

                     For more information about delete marker replication, see
                     How delete operations affect replication in the Amazon S3
                     User Guide .

                     Status -> (string)
                        Indicates whether to replicate delete markers.

                 Bucket -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  access  point  for
                     the  source  Outposts bucket that you want S3 on Outposts
                     to replicate the objects from.



                                                      GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()
