PUT-BUCKET-POLICY()                                        PUT-BUCKET-POLICY()



NAME
       put-bucket-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This action puts a bucket policy to an Amazon S3 on Outposts bucket.
          To put a policy on an S3 bucket, see PutBucketPolicy in  the  Amazon
          S3 API Reference .

       Applies  an Amazon S3 bucket policy to an Outposts bucket. For more in-
       formation, see Using Amazon S3 on Outposts in the Amazon S3 User  Guide
       .

       If you are using an identity other than the root user of the Amazon Web
       Services account that owns the Outposts bucket,  the  calling  identity
       must  have  the  PutBucketPolicy  permissions on the specified Outposts
       bucket and belong to the bucket owner's account in order  to  use  this
       action.

       If  you don't have PutBucketPolicy permissions, Amazon S3 returns a 403
       Access Denied error. If you have the correct  permissions,  but  you're
       not  using an identity that belongs to the bucket owner's account, Ama-
       zon S3 returns a 405 Method Not Allowed error.

       WARNING:
          As a security precaution, the root user of the Amazon  Web  Services
          account  that  owns a bucket can always use this action, even if the
          policy explicitly denies the root user the ability to  perform  this
          action.

       For  more  information about bucket policies, see Using Bucket Policies
       and User Policies .

       All Amazon S3 on Outposts REST API requests for this action require  an
       additional  parameter of x-amz-outpost-id to be passed with the request
       and an S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname prefix instead of s3-control  .
       For  an  example  of  the request syntax for Amazon S3 on Outposts that
       uses the S3 on Outposts endpoint hostname  prefix  and  the  x-amz-out-
       post-id derived using the access point ARN, see the Examples section.

       The following actions are related to PutBucketPolicy :

       o GetBucketPolicy

       o DeleteBucketPolicy

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-bucket-policy
          --account-id <value>
          --bucket <value>
          [--confirm-remove-self-bucket-access | --no-confirm-remove-self-bucket-access]
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID of the Outposts bucket.

       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket.

          For  using  this  parameter with Amazon S3 on Outposts with the REST
          API, you must specify the name and the x-amz-outpost-id as well.

          For using this parameter with S3 on Outposts  with  the  Amazon  Web
          Services  SDK  and  CLI,  you must specify the ARN of the bucket ac-
          cessed in the format  arn:aws:s3-outposts:<Region>:<account-id>:out-
          post/<outpost-id>/bucket/<my-bucket-name>  .  For example, to access
          the bucket reports  through  outpost  my-outpost  owned  by  account
          123456789012   in  Region  us-west-2  ,  use  the  URL  encoding  of
          arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-west-2:123456789012:outpost/my-out-
          post/bucket/reports . The value must be URL encoded.

       --confirm-remove-self-bucket-access          |         --no-confirm-re-
       move-self-bucket-access (boolean)
          Set this parameter to true to confirm that you want to  remove  your
          permissions to change this bucket policy in the future.

          NOTE:
              This is not supported by Amazon S3 on Outposts buckets.

       --policy (string)
          The bucket policy as a JSON document.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           PUT-BUCKET-POLICY()
