PUT-JOB-TAGGING()                                            PUT-JOB-TAGGING()



NAME
       put-job-tagging -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the supplied tag-set on an S3 Batch Operations job.

       A  tag  is a key-value pair. You can associate S3 Batch Operations tags
       with any job by sending a PUT request against the  tagging  subresource
       that  is  associated  with the job. To modify the existing tag set, you
       can either replace the existing  tag  set  entirely,  or  make  changes
       within  the  existing  tag set by retrieving the existing tag set using
       GetJobTagging , modify that tag set, and use this action to replace the
       tag   set  with  the  one  you  modified.  For  more  information,  see
       Controlling access and labeling jobs using tags in the Amazon  S3  User
       Guide .

       NOTE:

          o If  you send this request with an empty tag set, Amazon S3 deletes
            the existing tag set on the Batch Operations job. If you use  this
            method,  you  are charged for a Tier 1 Request (PUT). For more in-
            formation, see Amazon S3 pricing .

          o For deleting existing  tags  for  your  Batch  Operations  job,  a
            DeleteJobTagging request is preferred because it achieves the same
            result without incurring charges.

          o A few things to consider about using tags:

            o Amazon S3 limits the maximum number of tags to 50 tags per job.

            o You can associate up to 50 tags with a job as long as they  have
              unique tag keys.

            o A tag key can be up to 128 Unicode characters in length, and tag
              values can be up to 256 Unicode characters in length.

            o The key and values are case sensitive.

            o For tagging-related restrictions related to characters  and  en-
              codings,  see  User-Defined  Tag Restrictions in the Billing and
              Cost Management User Guide .

       To use this action, you must have permission to perform the  s3:PutJob-
       Tagging action.

       Related actions include:

       o CreatJob

       o GetJobTagging

       o DeleteJobTagging

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-job-tagging
          --account-id <value>
          --job-id <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the S3 Batch Op-
          erations job.

       --job-id (string)
          The ID for the S3 Batch Operations job whose tags you  want  to  re-
          place.

       --tags (list)
          The set of tags to associate with the S3 Batch Operations job.

          (structure)
              Key -> (string)

              Value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             PUT-JOB-TAGGING()
