DISASSOCIATE-S3-RESOURCES()                        DISASSOCIATE-S3-RESOURCES()



NAME
       disassociate-s3-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       (Discontinued)  Removes  specified S3 resources from being monitored by
       Amazon Macie Classic. If memberAccountId isn't  specified,  the  action
       removes specified S3 resources from Macie Classic for the current Macie
       Classic administrator account. If memberAccountId is specified, the ac-
       tion  removes  specified S3 resources from Macie Classic for the speci-
       fied member account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-s3-resources
          [--member-account-id <value>]
          --associated-s3-resources <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --member-account-id (string)
          (Discontinued) The ID of the Amazon  Macie  Classic  member  account
          whose  resources  you  want  to remove from being monitored by Macie
          Classic.

       --associated-s3-resources (list)
          (Discontinued) The S3 resources (buckets or prefixes) that you  want
          to  remove from being monitored and classified by Amazon Macie Clas-
          sic.

          (structure)
              (Discontinued) Contains information about the S3 resource.  This
              data  type  is  used  as  a  request parameter in the Disassoci-
              ateS3Resources action and can be used as a response parameter in
              the AssociateS3Resources and UpdateS3Resources actions.

              bucketName -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The name of the S3 bucket.

              prefix -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The prefix of the S3 bucket.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          bucketName=string,prefix=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "bucketName": "string",
              "prefix": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       failedS3Resources -> (list)
          (Discontinued) S3 resources that couldn't be removed from being mon-
          itored  and classified by Amazon Macie Classic. An error code and an
          error message are provided for each failed item.

          (structure)
              (Discontinued) Includes details about the failed S3 resources.

              failedItem -> (structure)
                 (Discontinued) The failed S3 resources.

                 bucketName -> (string)
                     (Discontinued) The name of the S3 bucket.

                 prefix -> (string)
                     (Discontinued) The prefix of the S3 bucket.

              errorCode -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The status code of a failed item.

              errorMessage -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The error message of a failed item.



                                                   DISASSOCIATE-S3-RESOURCES()
