LIST-S3-RESOURCES()                                        LIST-S3-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-s3-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       (Discontinued)  Lists all the S3 resources associated with Amazon Macie
       Classic. If memberAccountId isn't specified, the action  lists  the  S3
       resources  associated  with Macie Classic for the current Macie Classic
       administrator account. If  memberAccountId  is  specified,  the  action
       lists  the S3 resources associated with Macie Classic for the specified
       member account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-s3-resources is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: s3Resources

SYNOPSIS
            list-s3-resources
          [--member-account-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --member-account-id (string)
          (Discontinued)  The Amazon Macie Classic member account ID whose as-
          sociated S3 resources you want to list.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       s3Resources -> (list)
          (Discontinued) A list of the associated S3 resources returned by the
          action.

          (structure)
              (Discontinued)  The S3 resources that you want to associate with
              Amazon Macie Classic for  monitoring  and  data  classification.
              This  data  type  is  used  as  a request parameter in the Asso-
              ciateS3Resources  action  and  a  response  parameter   in   the
              ListS3Resources action.

              bucketName -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The name of the S3 bucket that you want to as-
                 sociate with Amazon Macie Classic.

              prefix -> (string)
                 (Discontinued) The prefix of the S3 bucket that you  want  to
                 associate with Amazon Macie Classic.

              classificationType -> (structure)
                 (Discontinued) The classification type that you want to spec-
                 ify for the resource associated with Amazon Macie Classic.

                 oneTime -> (string)
                     (Discontinued) A one-time classification of  all  of  the
                     existing objects in a specified S3 bucket.

                 continuous -> (string)
                     (Discontinued) A continuous classification of the objects
                     that are added to a specified  S3  bucket.  Amazon  Macie
                     Classic begins performing continuous classification after
                     a bucket is successfully associated with Macie Classic.

       nextToken -> (string)
          (Discontinued) When a response is generated, if there is  more  data
          to be listed, this parameter is present in the response and contains
          the value to use for the nextToken parameter in a subsequent pagina-
          tion  request. If there is no more data to be listed, this parameter
          is set to null.



                                                           LIST-S3-RESOURCES()
