ACCEPT-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTIONS()            ACCEPT-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTIONS()



NAME
       accept-vpc-endpoint-connections -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  one or more interface VPC endpoint connection requests to your
       VPC endpoint service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            accept-vpc-endpoint-connections
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --service-id <value>
          --vpc-endpoint-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --service-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC endpoint service.

       --vpc-endpoint-ids (list)
          The IDs of one or more interface VPC endpoints.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept an interface endpoint connection request

       This  example accepts the specified endpoint connection request for the
       specified endpoint service.

       Command:

          aws ec2 accept-vpc-endpoint-connections --service-id vpce-svc-03d5ebb7d9579a2b3 --vpc-endpoint-ids vpce-0c1308d7312217abc

       Output:

          {
            "Unsuccessful": []
          }

OUTPUT
       Unsuccessful -> (list)
          Information about the interface endpoints that were not accepted, if
          applicable.

          (structure)
              Information  about items that were not successfully processed in
              a batch call.

              Error -> (structure)
                 Information about the error.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The error code.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The error message accompanying the error code.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource.



                                             ACCEPT-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTIONS()
