ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()                                  ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       advertise-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Advertises  an  IPv4  or IPv6 address range that is provisioned for use
       with your Amazon Web Services resources through bring your own  IP  ad-
       dresses (BYOIP).

       You  can  perform this operation at most once every 10 seconds, even if
       you specify different address ranges each time.

       We recommend that you stop advertising the BYOIP CIDR from other  loca-
       tions  when you advertise it from Amazon Web Services. To minimize down
       time, you can configure your Amazon Web Services resources  to  use  an
       address  from a BYOIP CIDR before it is advertised, and then simultane-
       ously stop advertising it from the current location and start advertis-
       ing it through Amazon Web Services.

       It  can  take  a  few minutes before traffic to the specified addresses
       starts routing to Amazon Web Services because of  BGP  propagation  de-
       lays.

       To stop advertising the BYOIP CIDR, use  WithdrawByoipCidr .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            advertise-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The  address  range,  in CIDR notation. This must be the exact range
          that you provisioned. You can't advertise only a portion of the pro-
          visioned range.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To advertise an address range

       The  following  advertise-byoip-cidr  example  advertises the specified
       public IPv4 address range.

          aws ec2 advertise-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr 203.0.113.25/24

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "203.0.113.25/24",
                  "StatusMessage": "ipv4pool-ec2-1234567890abcdef0",
                  "State": "provisioned"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address range.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the address range.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              Upon success, contains the ID of the  address  pool.  Otherwise,
              contains an error message.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.



                                                        ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()
