APPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-CAPPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()



NAME
       apply-security-groups-to-client-vpn-target-network -

DESCRIPTION
       Applies  a security group to the association between the target network
       and the Client VPN endpoint. This action replaces the existing security
       groups with the specified security groups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            apply-security-groups-to-client-vpn-target-network
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          --vpc-id <value>
          --security-group-ids <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the Client VPN endpoint.

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC in which the associated target network is located.

       --security-group-ids (list)
          The  IDs  of  the  security groups to apply to the associated target
          network. Up to 5 security groups can be  applied  to  an  associated
          target network.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To apply security groups to a target network for a Client VPN endpoint

       The following apply-security-groups-to-client-vpn-target-network  exam-
       ple  applies security group sg-01f6e627a89f4db32 to the association be-
       tween the specified target network and Client VPN endpoint.

          aws ec2 apply-security-groups-to-client-vpn-target-network \
              --security-group-ids sg-01f6e627a89f4db32 \
              --vpc-id vpc-0e2110c2f324332e0 \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde

       Output:

          {
              "SecurityGroupIds": [
                  "sg-01f6e627a89f4db32"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Target Networks in the AWS Client VPN  Admin-
       istrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       SecurityGroupIds -> (list)
          The IDs of the applied security groups.

          (string)



                          APPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()
