ASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()                    ASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()



NAME
       assign-private-ip-addresses -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns  one  or  more  secondary private IP addresses to the specified
       network interface.

       You can specify one or more specific secondary IP addresses, or you can
       specify  the  number  of secondary IP addresses to be automatically as-
       signed within the subnet's CIDR block range. The number of secondary IP
       addresses  that  you can assign to an instance varies by instance type.
       For information about instance types, see Instance Types in the  Amazon
       Elastic  Compute  Cloud User Guide . For more information about Elastic
       IP addresses, see Elastic IP Addresses in the  Amazon  Elastic  Compute
       Cloud User Guide .

       When  you move a secondary private IP address to another network inter-
       face, any Elastic IP address that is associated with the IP address  is
       also moved.

       Remapping  an IP address is an asynchronous operation. When you move an
       IP address from one network interface to another, check  network/inter-
       faces/macs/mac/local-ipv4s in the instance metadata to confirm that the
       remapping is complete.

       You must specify either the IP addresses or the IP address count in the
       request.

       You  can optionally use Prefix Delegation on the network interface. You
       must specify either the IPv4 Prefix Delegation prefixes,  or  the  IPv4
       Prefix  Delegation  count.  For  information, see Assigning prefixes to
       Amazon EC2 network interfaces in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud  User
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            assign-private-ip-addresses
          [--allow-reassignment | --no-allow-reassignment]
          --network-interface-id <value>
          [--private-ip-addresses <value>]
          [--secondary-private-ip-address-count <value>]
          [--ipv4-prefixes <value>]
          [--ipv4-prefix-count <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --allow-reassignment | --no-allow-reassignment (boolean)
          Indicates whether to allow an IP address that is already assigned to
          another network interface or instance to be reassigned to the speci-
          fied network interface.

       --network-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the network interface.

       --private-ip-addresses (list)
          One  or  more  IP addresses to be assigned as a secondary private IP
          address to the network interface. You can't specify  this  parameter
          when also specifying a number of secondary IP addresses.

          If you don't specify an IP address, Amazon EC2 automatically selects
          an IP address within the subnet range.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --secondary-private-ip-address-count (integer)
          The number of secondary IP addresses to assign to the network inter-
          face.  You can't specify this parameter when also specifying private
          IP addresses.

       --ipv4-prefixes (list)
          One or more IPv4 prefixes assigned to  the  network  interface.  You
          cannot use this option if you use the Ipv4PrefixCount option.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --ipv4-prefix-count (integer)
          The  number  of IPv4 prefixes that Amazon Web Services automatically
          assigns to the network interface. You cannot use this option if  you
          use the Ipv4 Prefixes option.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To assign a specific secondary private IP address a network interface

       This  example assigns the specified secondary private IP address to the
       specified network interface. If the command succeeds, no output is  re-
       turned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 assign-private-ip-addresses --network-interface-id eni-e5aa89a3 --private-ip-addresses 10.0.0.82

       To  assign  secondary private IP addresses that Amazon EC2 selects to a
       network interface

       This example assigns two secondary private IP addresses to  the  speci-
       fied  network  interface. Amazon EC2 automatically assigns these IP ad-
       dresses from the available IP addresses in the CIDR block range of  the
       subnet  the  network  interface is associated with. If the command suc-
       ceeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 assign-private-ip-addresses --network-interface-id eni-e5aa89a3 --secondary-private-ip-address-count 2

OUTPUT
       NetworkInterfaceId -> (string)
          The ID of the network interface.

       AssignedPrivateIpAddresses -> (list)
          The private IP addresses assigned to the network interface.

          (structure)
              Describes the private IP addresses assigned to a network  inter-
              face.

              PrivateIpAddress -> (string)
                 The private IP address assigned to the network interface.

       AssignedIpv4Prefixes -> (list)
          The IPv4 prefixes that are assigned to the network interface.

          (structure)
              Describes an IPv4 prefix.

              Ipv4Prefix -> (string)
                 The  IPv4  prefix. For information, see Assigning prefixes to
                 Amazon EC2 network interfaces in the Amazon  Elastic  Compute
                 Cloud User Guide .



                                                 ASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()
