ASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()                                        ASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()



NAME
       associate-address -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  an Elastic IP address, or carrier IP address (for instances
       that are in subnets in Wavelength Zones) with an instance or a  network
       interface.  Before you can use an Elastic IP address, you must allocate
       it to your account.

       An Elastic IP address is for use in either the EC2-Classic platform  or
       in  a VPC. For more information, see Elastic IP Addresses in the Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       [EC2-Classic, VPC in an EC2-VPC-only account] If the Elastic IP address
       is  already  associated  with a different instance, it is disassociated
       from that instance and associated with the specified instance.  If  you
       associate  an  Elastic IP address with an instance that has an existing
       Elastic IP address, the existing address is disassociated from the  in-
       stance, but remains allocated to your account.

       [VPC  in  an EC2-Classic account] If you don't specify a private IP ad-
       dress, the Elastic IP address is associated with  the  primary  IP  ad-
       dress. If the Elastic IP address is already associated with a different
       instance or a network interface, you get an error unless you allow  re-
       association.  You  cannot  associate  an Elastic IP address with an in-
       stance or network interface that has an existing Elastic IP address.

       [Subnets in Wavelength Zones] You can associate an IP address from  the
       telecommunication carrier to the instance or network interface.

       You  cannot associate an Elastic IP address with an interface in a dif-
       ferent network border group.

       WARNING:
          This is an idempotent operation. If you perform the  operation  more
          than  once,  Amazon  EC2  doesn't  return  an  error, and you may be
          charged for each time the Elastic IP address is remapped to the same
          instance. For more information, see the Elastic IP Addresses section
          of Amazon EC2 Pricing .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-address
          [--allocation-id <value>]
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--public-ip <value>]
          [--allow-reassociation | --no-allow-reassociation]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--network-interface-id <value>]
          [--private-ip-address <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --allocation-id (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The allocation ID. This is required for EC2-VPC.

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance. The instance must have exactly one  attached
          network  interface. For EC2-VPC, you can specify either the instance
          ID or the network interface ID, but not both. For  EC2-Classic,  you
          must  specify an instance ID and the instance must be in the running
          state.

       --public-ip (string)
          [EC2-Classic] The Elastic IP address to associate with the instance.
          This is required for EC2-Classic.

       --allow-reassociation | --no-allow-reassociation (boolean)
          [EC2-VPC] For a VPC in an EC2-Classic account, specify true to allow
          an Elastic IP address that is already associated with an instance or
          network  interface to be reassociated with the specified instance or
          network interface. Otherwise, the operation fails. In a  VPC  in  an
          EC2-VPC-only  account, reassociation is automatic, therefore you can
          specify false to ensure the operation fails if the  Elastic  IP  ad-
          dress is already associated with another resource.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --network-interface-id (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The ID of the network interface. If the instance has  more
          than one network interface, you must specify a network interface ID.

          For  EC2-VPC,  you can specify either the instance ID or the network
          interface ID, but not both.

       --private-ip-address (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The primary or secondary private IP address  to  associate
          with  the Elastic IP address. If no private IP address is specified,
          the Elastic IP address is associated with the primary private IP ad-
          dress.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate an Elastic IP addresses in EC2-Classic

       This  example  associates  an  Elastic  IP  address with an instance in
       EC2-Classic. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-address --instance-id i-07ffe74c7330ebf53 --public-ip 198.51.100.0

       To associate an Elastic IP address in EC2-VPC

       This example associates an Elastic IP address with  an  instance  in  a
       VPC.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-address --instance-id i-0b263919b6498b123 --allocation-id eipalloc-64d5890a

       Output:

          {
              "AssociationId": "eipassoc-2bebb745"
          }

       This example associates an Elastic IP address with a network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-address --allocation-id eipalloc-64d5890a --network-interface-id eni-1a2b3c4d

       This  example associates an Elastic IP with a private IP address that's
       associated with a network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-address --allocation-id eipalloc-64d5890a --network-interface-id eni-1a2b3c4d --private-ip-address 10.0.0.85

OUTPUT
       AssociationId -> (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The ID that represents the association of the  Elastic  IP
          address with an instance.



                                                           ASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()
