ASSOCIATE-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICATE-IAM-ROLEASSOCIATE-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICATE-IAM-ROLE()



NAME
       associate-enclave-certificate-iam-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  an  Identity  and Access Management (IAM) role with an Cer-
       tificate Manager (ACM) certificate. This enables the certificate to  be
       used  by  the ACM for Nitro Enclaves application inside an enclave. For
       more information, see Certificate Manager for  Nitro  Enclaves  in  the
       Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves User Guide .

       When  the IAM role is associated with the ACM certificate, the certifi-
       cate, certificate chain, and encrypted private key  are  placed  in  an
       Amazon S3 bucket that only the associated IAM role can access. The pri-
       vate key of the certificate is encrypted with an  Amazon  Web  Services
       managed key that has an attached attestation-based key policy.

       To  enable  the IAM role to access the Amazon S3 object, you must grant
       it permission to call s3:GetObject on the Amazon S3 bucket returned  by
       the  command.  To  enable  the IAM role to access the KMS key, you must
       grant it permission to call kms:Decrypt on the KMS key returned by  the
       command.  For more information, see Grant the role permission to access
       the certificate and encryption key in the Amazon Web Services Nitro En-
       claves User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-enclave-certificate-iam-role
          [--certificate-arn <value>]
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          The ARN of the ACM certificate with which to associate the IAM role.

       --role-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the IAM role to associate with the ACM certificate. You
          can associate up to 16 IAM roles with an ACM certificate.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CertificateS3BucketName -> (string)
          The  name  of  the Amazon S3 bucket to which the certificate was up-
          loaded.

       CertificateS3ObjectKey -> (string)
          The Amazon S3 object key where the certificate,  certificate  chain,
          and  encrypted private key bundle are stored. The object key is for-
          matted as follows: role_arn /certificate_arn .

       EncryptionKmsKeyId -> (string)
          The ID of the KMS key used to encrypt the private key  of  the  cer-
          tificate.



                                      ASSOCIATE-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICATE-IAM-ROLE()
