ASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()    ASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()



NAME
       associate-client-vpn-target-network -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  target network with a Client VPN endpoint. A target net-
       work is a subnet in a VPC. You can associate multiple subnets from  the
       same  VPC with a Client VPN endpoint. You can associate only one subnet
       in each Availability Zone. We recommend that you associate at least two
       subnets to provide Availability Zone redundancy.

       If  you  specified a VPC when you created the Client VPN endpoint or if
       you have previous subnet associations, the specified subnet must be  in
       the  same  VPC. To specify a subnet that's in a different VPC, you must
       first modify the Client VPN endpoint (  ModifyClientVpnEndpoint  )  and
       change the VPC that's associated with it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-client-vpn-target-network
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          --subnet-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the Client VPN endpoint.

       --subnet-id (string)
          The ID of the subnet to associate with the Client VPN endpoint.

       --client-token (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive  identifier  that  you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request. For more information, see How to  ensure
          idempotency .

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a target network with a Client VPN endpoint

       The following associate-client-vpn-target-network example associates  a
       subnet with the specified Client VPN endpoint.

          aws ec2 associate-client-vpn-target-network \
              --subnet-id subnet-0123456789abcabca \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde

       Output:

          {
              "AssociationId": "cvpn-assoc-12312312312312312",
              "Status": {
                  "Code": "associating"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Target Networks in the AWS Client VPN Admin-
       istrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociationId -> (string)
          The unique ID of the target network association.

       Status -> (structure)
          The current state of the target network association.

          Code -> (string)
              The state of the target network association.

          Message -> (string)
              A message about the status of the target network association, if
              applicable.



                                         ASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()
