ASSOCIATE-DHCP-OPTIONS()                              ASSOCIATE-DHCP-OPTIONS()



NAME
       associate-dhcp-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a set of DHCP options (that you've previously created) with
       the specified VPC, or associates no DHCP options with the VPC.

       After you associate the options with the VPC,  any  existing  instances
       and  all new instances that you launch in that VPC use the options. You
       don't need to restart or relaunch  the  instances.  They  automatically
       pick up the changes within a few hours, depending on how frequently the
       instance renews its DHCP lease. You can explicitly renew the lease  us-
       ing the operating system on the instance.

       For  more information, see DHCP options sets in the Amazon Virtual Pri-
       vate Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-dhcp-options
          --dhcp-options-id <value>
          --vpc-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dhcp-options-id (string)
          The ID of the DHCP options set, or default to associate no DHCP  op-
          tions with the VPC.

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To associate a DHCP options set with your VPC

       This example associates the specified DHCP options set with the  speci-
       fied VPC. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-dhcp-options --dhcp-options-id dopt-d9070ebb --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2

       To associate the default DHCP options set with your VPC

       This example associates the default DHCP options set with the specified
       VPC. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 associate-dhcp-options --dhcp-options-id default --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ASSOCIATE-DHCP-OPTIONS()
