ATTACH-INTERNET-GATEWAY()                            ATTACH-INTERNET-GATEWAY()



NAME
       attach-internet-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches an internet gateway or a virtual private gateway to a VPC, en-
       abling connectivity between the internet and the VPC. For more informa-
       tion  about  your VPC and internet gateway, see the Amazon Virtual Pri-
       vate Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-internet-gateway
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --internet-gateway-id <value>
          --vpc-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --internet-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the internet gateway.

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To attach an internet gateway to your VPC

       The  following  attach-internet-gateway  example attaches the specified
       internet gateway to the specific VPC.

          aws ec2 attach-internet-gateway \
              --internet-gateway-id igw-0d0fb496b3EXAMPLE \
              --vpc-id vpc-0a60eb65b4EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Internet gateways  in  the  Amazon  VPC  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ATTACH-INTERNET-GATEWAY()
