ATTACH-CLASSIC-LINK-VPC()                            ATTACH-CLASSIC-LINK-VPC()



NAME
       attach-classic-link-vpc -

DESCRIPTION
       Links  an EC2-Classic instance to a ClassicLink-enabled VPC through one
       or more of the VPC's security groups. You cannot  link  an  EC2-Classic
       instance  to more than one VPC at a time. You can only link an instance
       that's in the running state. An instance is automatically unlinked from
       a  VPC  when  it's  stopped - you can link it to the VPC again when you
       restart it.

       After you've linked an instance, you cannot  change  the  VPC  security
       groups  that are associated with it. To change the security groups, you
       must first unlink the instance, and then link it again.

       Linking your instance to a VPC is sometimes referred  to  as  attaching
       your instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-classic-link-vpc
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --groups <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          --vpc-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --groups (list)
          The ID of one or more of the VPC's security groups. You cannot spec-
          ify security groups from a different VPC.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of an EC2-Classic instance to link to the ClassicLink-enabled
          VPC.

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of a ClassicLink-enabled VPC.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To link (attach) an EC2-Classic instance to a VPC

       This  example  links  instance  i-1234567890abcdef0 to VPC vpc-88888888
       through the VPC security group sg-12312312.

       Command:

          aws ec2 attach-classic-link-vpc --instance-id  i-1234567890abcdef0 --vpc-id vpc-88888888 --groups sg-12312312

       Output:

          {
            "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                                     ATTACH-CLASSIC-LINK-VPC()
