ATTACH-VOLUME()                                                ATTACH-VOLUME()



NAME
       attach-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  an EBS volume to a running or stopped instance and exposes it
       to the instance with the specified device name.

       Encrypted EBS volumes must be attached to instances that support Amazon
       EBS  encryption. For more information, see Amazon EBS encryption in the
       Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       After you attach an EBS volume, you must make it  available.  For  more
       information, see Make an EBS volume available for use .

       If a volume has an Amazon Web Services Marketplace product code:

       o The volume can be attached only to a stopped instance.

       o Amazon  Web  Services  Marketplace  product codes are copied from the
         volume to the instance.

       o You must be subscribed to the product.

       o The instance type and operating system of the instance  must  support
         the  product.  For  example, you can't detach a volume from a Windows
         instance and attach it to a Linux instance.

       For more information, see Attach an Amazon EBS volume to an instance in
       the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-volume
          --device <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          --volume-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device (string)
          The device name (for example, /dev/sdh or xvdh ).

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --volume-id (string)
          The ID of the EBS volume. The volume and instance must be within the
          same Availability Zone.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a volume to an instance

       This  example  command  attaches a volume (vol-1234567890abcdef0) to an
       instance (i-01474ef662b89480) as /dev/sdf.

       Command:

          aws ec2 attach-volume --volume-id vol-1234567890abcdef0 --instance-id i-01474ef662b89480 --device /dev/sdf

       Output:

          {
              "AttachTime": "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.000Z",
              "InstanceId": "i-01474ef662b89480",
              "VolumeId": "vol-1234567890abcdef0",
              "State": "attaching",
              "Device": "/dev/sdf"
          }

OUTPUT
       AttachTime -> (timestamp)
          The time stamp when the attachment initiated.

       Device -> (string)
          The device name.

       InstanceId -> (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       State -> (string)
          The attachment state of the volume.

       VolumeId -> (string)
          The ID of the volume.

       DeleteOnTermination -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.



                                                               ATTACH-VOLUME()
