ATTACH-VPN-GATEWAY()                                      ATTACH-VPN-GATEWAY()



NAME
       attach-vpn-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches a virtual private gateway to a VPC. You can attach one virtual
       private gateway to one VPC at a time.

       For more information, see Amazon Web Services Site-to-Site VPN  in  the
       Amazon Web Services Site-to-Site VPN User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-vpn-gateway
          --vpc-id <value>
          --vpn-gateway-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --vpn-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual private gateway.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To attach a virtual private gateway to your VPC

       The following attach-vpn-gateway example attaches the specified virtual
       private gateway to the specified VPC.

          aws ec2 attach-vpn-gateway \
              --vpn-gateway-id vgw-9a4cacf3 \
              --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2

       Output:

          {
              "VpcAttachment": {
                  "State": "attaching",
                  "VpcId": "vpc-a01106c2"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       VpcAttachment -> (structure)
          Information about the attachment.

          State -> (string)
              The current state of the attachment.

          VpcId -> (string)
              The ID of the VPC.



                                                          ATTACH-VPN-GATEWAY()
