CANCEL-CONVERSION-TASK()                              CANCEL-CONVERSION-TASK()



NAME
       cancel-conversion-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels an active conversion task. The task can be the import of an in-
       stance or volume. The action removes all artifacts of  the  conversion,
       including a partially uploaded volume or instance. If the conversion is
       complete or is in the process of transferring the final disk image, the
       command fails and returns an exception.

       For  more information, see Importing a Virtual Machine Using the Amazon
       EC2 CLI .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-conversion-task
          --conversion-task-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--reason-message <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --conversion-task-id (string)
          The ID of the conversion task.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --reason-message (string)
          The reason for canceling the conversion task.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel an active conversion of an instance or a volume

       This example cancels  the  upload  associated  with  the  task  ID  im-
       port-i-fh95npoc. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 cancel-conversion-task --conversion-task-id import-i-fh95npoc

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      CANCEL-CONVERSION-TASK()
