CANCEL-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()                    CANCEL-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()



NAME
       cancel-capacity-reservation -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  the  specified Capacity Reservation, releases the reserved ca-
       pacity, and changes the Capacity Reservation's state to cancelled .

       Instances running in the reserved capacity continue running  until  you
       stop  them.  Stopped instances that target the Capacity Reservation can
       no longer launch. Modify these instances to either target  a  different
       Capacity Reservation, launch On-Demand Instance capacity, or run in any
       open Capacity Reservation that has matching attributes  and  sufficient
       capacity.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-capacity-reservation
          --capacity-reservation-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --capacity-reservation-id (string)
          The ID of the Capacity Reservation to be cancelled.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a capacity reservation

       The following cancel-capacity-reservation example cancels the specified
       capacity reservation.

          aws ec2 cancel-capacity-reservation \
              --capacity-reservation-id cr-1234abcd56EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Canceling a Capacity Reservation in the  Ama-
       zon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                                                 CANCEL-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()
