CANCEL-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()        CANCEL-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()



NAME
       cancel-reserved-instances-listing -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  the  specified  Reserved  Instance listing in the Reserved In-
       stance Marketplace.

       For more information, see Reserved Instance Marketplace in  the  Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-reserved-instances-listing
          --reserved-instances-listing-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --reserved-instances-listing-id (string)
          The ID of the Reserved Instance listing.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a Reserved Instance listing

       The following  cancel-reserved-instances-listing  example  cancels  the
       specified Reserved Instance listing.

          aws ec2 cancel-reserved-instances-listing \
              --reserved-instances-listing-id 5ec28771-05ff-4b9b-aa31-9e57dexample

OUTPUT
       ReservedInstancesListings -> (list)
          The Reserved Instance listing.

          (structure)
              Describes a Reserved Instance listing.

              ClientToken -> (string)
                 A unique, case-sensitive key supplied by the client to ensure
                 that the request is idempotent.  For  more  information,  see
                 Ensuring Idempotency .

              CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The time the listing was created.

              InstanceCounts -> (list)
                 The number of instances in this state.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a Reserved Instance listing state.

                     InstanceCount -> (integer)
                        The  number  of listed Reserved Instances in the state
                        specified by the state .

                     State -> (string)
                        The states of the listed Reserved Instances.

              PriceSchedules -> (list)
                 The price of the Reserved Instance listing.

                 (structure)
                     Describes the price for a Reserved Instance.

                     Active -> (boolean)
                        The current price schedule, as determined by the  term
                        remaining for the Reserved Instance in the listing.

                        A  specific  price  schedule  is always in effect, but
                        only one price schedule can be  active  at  any  time.
                        Take,  for  example,  a Reserved Instance listing that
                        has five months remaining in its term. When you  spec-
                        ify  price  schedules  for five months and two months,
                        this means that schedule 1, covering the  first  three
                        months  of  the  remaining term, will be active during
                        months 5, 4, and 3. Then schedule 2, covering the last
                        two  months  of  the term, will be active for months 2
                        and 1.

                     CurrencyCode -> (string)
                        The currency for transacting the Reserved Instance re-
                        sale. At this time, the only supported currency is USD
                        .

                     Price -> (double)
                        The fixed price for the term.

                     Term -> (long)
                        The number of months remaining in the reservation. For
                        example,  2 is the second to the last month before the
                        capacity reservation expires.

              ReservedInstancesId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance.

              ReservedInstancesListingId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance listing.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the Reserved Instance listing.

              StatusMessage -> (string)
                 The reason for the current status of  the  Reserved  Instance
                 listing. The response can be blank.

              Tags -> (list)
                 Any tags assigned to the resource.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a tag.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a
                        maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin  with
                        aws: .

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag values are case-sensitive and accept
                        a maximum of 255 Unicode characters.

              UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The last modified timestamp of the listing.



                                           CANCEL-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()
