CONFIRM-PRODUCT-INSTANCE()                          CONFIRM-PRODUCT-INSTANCE()



NAME
       confirm-product-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Determines  whether a product code is associated with an instance. This
       action can only be used by the owner of the product code. It is  useful
       when  a  product code owner must verify whether another user's instance
       is eligible for support.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            confirm-product-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          --product-code <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --product-code (string)
          The product code. This must be a product code that you own.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To confirm the product instance

       This  example  determines whether the specified product code is associ-
       ated with the specified instance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 confirm-product-instance --product-code 774F4FF8 --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
            "OwnerId": "123456789012"
          }

OUTPUT
       OwnerId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID of the instance  owner.  This  is
          only present if the product code is attached to the instance.

       Return -> (boolean)
          The return value of the request. Returns true if the specified prod-
          uct code is owned by the requester and associated with the specified
          instance.



                                                    CONFIRM-PRODUCT-INSTANCE()
