COPY-IMAGE()                                                      COPY-IMAGE()



NAME
       copy-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates  the  copy  of an AMI. You can copy an AMI from one Region to
       another, or from a Region to an Outpost. You can't copy an AMI from  an
       Outpost  to  a  Region, from one Outpost to another, or within the same
       Outpost. To copy an AMI to another partition, see  CreateStoreImageTask
       .

       To  copy  an  AMI from one Region to another, specify the source Region
       using the SourceRegion parameter, and specify  the  destination  Region
       using  its  endpoint. Copies of encrypted backing snapshots for the AMI
       are encrypted. Copies of unencrypted  backing  snapshots  remain  unen-
       crypted, unless you set Encrypted during the copy operation. You cannot
       create an unencrypted copy of an encrypted backing snapshot.

       To copy an AMI from a Region to an Outpost, specify the  source  Region
       using  the  SourceRegion parameter, and specify the ARN of the destina-
       tion Outpost using DestinationOutpostArn . Backing snapshots copied  to
       an  Outpost  are  encrypted by default using the default encryption key
       for the Region, or a different key that you specify in the request  us-
       ing  KmsKeyId . Outposts do not support unencrypted snapshots. For more
       information, Amazon EBS local snapshots on Outposts in the Amazon Elas-
       tic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       For more information about the prerequisites and limits when copying an
       AMI, see Copying an AMI in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User  Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            copy-image
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--description <value>]
          [--encrypted | --no-encrypted]
          [--kms-key-id <value>]
          --name <value>
          --source-image-id <value>
          --source-region <value>
          [--destination-outpost-arn <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive identifier you provide to ensure idempotency
          of the request. For more information, see  Ensuring  idempotency  in
          the Amazon EC2 API Reference .

       --description (string)
          A description for the new AMI in the destination Region.

       --encrypted | --no-encrypted (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  the  destination  snapshots  of the copied image
          should be encrypted. You can encrypt a copy of an unencrypted  snap-
          shot,  but  you  cannot  create  an unencrypted copy of an encrypted
          snapshot. The default KMS key for Amazon  EBS  is  used  unless  you
          specify  a  non-default  Key  Management Service (KMS) KMS key using
          KmsKeyId . For more information, see Amazon EBS  Encryption  in  the
          Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       --kms-key-id (string)
          The identifier of the symmetric Key Management Service (KMS) KMS key
          to use when creating encrypted volumes. If  this  parameter  is  not
          specified,  your  Amazon Web Services managed KMS key for Amazon EBS
          is used. If you specify a KMS key, you must also set  the  encrypted
          state to true .

          You can specify a KMS key using any of the following:

          o Key ID. For example, 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.

          o Key alias. For example, alias/ExampleAlias.

          o Key                ARN.                For                example,
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:012345678910:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.

          o Alias                ARN.               For               example,
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:012345678910:alias/ExampleAlias.

          Amazon Web Services authenticates the KMS key asynchronously. There-
          fore, if you specify an identifier that is not valid, the action can
          appear to complete, but eventually fails.

          The specified KMS key must exist in the destination Region.

          Amazon EBS does not support asymmetric KMS keys.

       --name (string)
          The name of the new AMI in the destination Region.

       --source-image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI to copy.

       --source-region (string)
          The name of the Region that contains the AMI to copy.

       --destination-outpost-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost to which to  copy  the
          AMI.  Only specify this parameter when copying an AMI from an Amazon
          Web Services Region to an Outpost. The AMI must be in the Region  of
          the destination Outpost. You cannot copy an AMI from an Outpost to a
          Region, from one Outpost to another, or within the same Outpost.

          For more information, see Copying AMIs from an Amazon  Web  Services
          Region  to an Outpost in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide
          .

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To copy an AMI to another Region

       The  following copy-image example command copies the specified AMI from
       the us-west-2 Region to the us-east-1 Region and adds a short  descrip-
       tion.

          aws ec2 copy-image \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --name ami-name \
              --source-region us-west-2 \
              --source-image-id ami-066877671789bd71b \
              --description "This is my copied image."

       Output:

          {
              "ImageId": "ami-066877671789bd71b"
          }

       For more information, see Copy an AMI in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.

       Example  2:  To  copy  an AMI to another Region and encrypt the backing
       snapshot

       The following copy-image command copies  the  specified  AMI  from  the
       us-west-2  Region  to the current Region and encrypts the backing snap-
       shot using the specified KMS key.

          aws ec2 copy-image \
              --source-region us-west-2 \
              --name ami-name \
              --source-image-id ami-066877671789bd71b \
              --encrypted \
              --kms-key-id alias/my-kms-key

       Output:

          {
              "ImageId": "ami-066877671789bd71b"
          }

       For more information, see Copy an AMI in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ImageId -> (string)
          The ID of the new AMI.



                                                                  COPY-IMAGE()
