CREATE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()        CREATE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()



NAME
       create-reserved-instances-listing -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a listing for Amazon EC2 Standard Reserved Instances to be sold
       in the Reserved Instance Marketplace. You can submit one  Standard  Re-
       served  Instance  listing at a time. To get a list of your Standard Re-
       served Instances, you can use the  DescribeReservedInstances operation.

       NOTE:
          Only Standard Reserved Instances can be sold  in  the  Reserved  In-
          stance Marketplace. Convertible Reserved Instances cannot be sold.

       The  Reserved  Instance  Marketplace matches sellers who want to resell
       Standard Reserved Instance capacity that they no longer need with  buy-
       ers who want to purchase additional capacity. Reserved Instances bought
       and sold through the Reserved Instance Marketplace work like any  other
       Reserved Instances.

       To  sell your Standard Reserved Instances, you must first register as a
       seller in the Reserved Instance Marketplace. After completing the  reg-
       istration process, you can create a Reserved Instance Marketplace list-
       ing of some or all of your Standard Reserved Instances, and specify the
       upfront  price  to  receive  for  them. Your Standard Reserved Instance
       listings then become available for purchase. To  view  the  details  of
       your  Standard  Reserved Instance listing, you can use the  DescribeRe-
       servedInstancesListings operation.

       For more information, see Reserved Instance Marketplace in  the  Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-reserved-instances-listing
          --client-token <value>
          --instance-count <value>
          --price-schedules <value>
          --reserved-instances-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive identifier you provide to ensure idempotency
          of your listings. This helps avoid duplicate listings. For more  in-
          formation, see Ensuring Idempotency .

       --instance-count (integer)
          The  number  of instances that are a part of a Reserved Instance ac-
          count to be listed in the Reserved Instance Marketplace. This number
          should  be  less than or equal to the instance count associated with
          the Reserved Instance ID specified in this call.

       --price-schedules (list)
          A list specifying the price of the Standard  Reserved  Instance  for
          each month remaining in the Reserved Instance term.

          (structure)
              Describes the price for a Reserved Instance.

              CurrencyCode -> (string)
                 The currency for transacting the Reserved Instance resale. At
                 this time, the only supported currency is USD .

              Price -> (double)
                 The fixed price for the term.

              Term -> (long)
                 The number of months remaining in the reservation. For  exam-
                 ple,  2  is  the second to the last month before the capacity
                 reservation expires.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          CurrencyCode=string,Price=double,Term=long ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "CurrencyCode": "USD",
              "Price": double,
              "Term": long
            }
            ...
          ]

       --reserved-instances-id (string)
          The ID of the active Standard Reserved Instance.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list a Reserved Instance in the Reserved Instance Marketplace

       The following create-reserved-instances-listing example creates a list-
       ing for the specified Reserved Instance in the Reserved  Instance  Mar-
       ketplace.

          aws ec2 create-reserved-instances-listing \
              --reserved-instances-id 5ec28771-05ff-4b9b-aa31-9e57dexample \
              --instance-count 3 \
              --price-schedules CurrencyCode=USD,Price=25.50 \
              --client-token 550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000

OUTPUT
       ReservedInstancesListings -> (list)
          Information about the Standard Reserved Instance listing.

          (structure)
              Describes a Reserved Instance listing.

              ClientToken -> (string)
                 A unique, case-sensitive key supplied by the client to ensure
                 that the request is idempotent.  For  more  information,  see
                 Ensuring Idempotency .

              CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The time the listing was created.

              InstanceCounts -> (list)
                 The number of instances in this state.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a Reserved Instance listing state.

                     InstanceCount -> (integer)
                        The  number  of listed Reserved Instances in the state
                        specified by the state .

                     State -> (string)
                        The states of the listed Reserved Instances.

              PriceSchedules -> (list)
                 The price of the Reserved Instance listing.

                 (structure)
                     Describes the price for a Reserved Instance.

                     Active -> (boolean)
                        The current price schedule, as determined by the  term
                        remaining for the Reserved Instance in the listing.

                        A  specific  price  schedule  is always in effect, but
                        only one price schedule can be  active  at  any  time.
                        Take,  for  example,  a Reserved Instance listing that
                        has five months remaining in its term. When you  spec-
                        ify  price  schedules  for five months and two months,
                        this means that schedule 1, covering the  first  three
                        months  of  the  remaining term, will be active during
                        months 5, 4, and 3. Then schedule 2, covering the last
                        two  months  of  the term, will be active for months 2
                        and 1.

                     CurrencyCode -> (string)
                        The currency for transacting the Reserved Instance re-
                        sale. At this time, the only supported currency is USD
                        .

                     Price -> (double)
                        The fixed price for the term.

                     Term -> (long)
                        The number of months remaining in the reservation. For
                        example,  2 is the second to the last month before the
                        capacity reservation expires.

              ReservedInstancesId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance.

              ReservedInstancesListingId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance listing.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the Reserved Instance listing.

              StatusMessage -> (string)
                 The reason for the current status of  the  Reserved  Instance
                 listing. The response can be blank.

              Tags -> (list)
                 Any tags assigned to the resource.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a tag.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a
                        maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin  with
                        aws: .

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag values are case-sensitive and accept
                        a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.

              UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The last modified timestamp of the listing.



                                           CREATE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTING()
