CREATE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()        CREATE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       create-spot-datafeed-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  data feed for Spot Instances, enabling you to view Spot In-
       stance usage logs. You can create one data feed per Amazon Web Services
       account.  For more information, see Spot Instance data feed in the Ama-
       zon EC2 User Guide for Linux Instances .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-spot-datafeed-subscription
          --bucket <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--prefix <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the Amazon S3 bucket in which to store the Spot Instance
          data  feed.  For  more information about bucket names, see Rules for
          bucket naming in the Amazon S3 Developer Guide .

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --prefix (string)
          The prefix for the data feed file names.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create a Spot Instance data feed

       The  following create-spot-datafeed-subscription example creates a Spot
       Instance data feed.

          aws ec2 create-spot-datafeed-subscription \
              --bucket my-bucket \
              --prefix spot-data-feed

       Output:

          {
              "SpotDatafeedSubscription": {
                  "Bucket": "my-bucket",
                  "OwnerId": "123456789012",
                  "Prefix": "spot-data-feed",
                  "State": "Active"
              }
          }

       The data feed is stored in the Amazon S3 bucket that you specified. The
       file names for this data feed have the following format.

          my-bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/spot-data-feed/123456789012.YYYY-MM-DD-HH.n.abcd1234.gz

       For more information, see Spot Instance data feed in the Amazon Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       SpotDatafeedSubscription -> (structure)
          The Spot Instance data feed subscription.

          Bucket -> (string)
              The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the  Spot  Instance  data
              feed is located.

          Fault -> (structure)
              The fault codes for the Spot Instance request, if any.

              Code -> (string)
                 The reason code for the Spot Instance state change.

              Message -> (string)
                 The message for the Spot Instance state change.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the account.

          Prefix -> (string)
              The prefix for the data feed files.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the Spot Instance data feed subscription.



                                           CREATE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()
