CREATE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()                    CREATE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()



NAME
       create-vpn-connection-route -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a static route associated with a VPN connection between an ex-
       isting virtual private gateway and a VPN customer gateway.  The  static
       route  allows  traffic to be routed from the virtual private gateway to
       the VPN customer gateway.

       For more information, see Amazon Web Services Site-to-Site VPN  in  the
       Amazon Web Services Site-to-Site VPN User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-vpn-connection-route
          --destination-cidr-block <value>
          --vpn-connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --destination-cidr-block (string)
          The CIDR block associated with the local subnet of the customer net-
          work.

       --vpn-connection-id (string)
          The ID of the VPN connection.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create a static route for a VPN connection

       This example creates a static route for the specified  VPN  connection.
       If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 create-vpn-connection-route --vpn-connection-id vpn-40f41529 --destination-cidr-block 11.12.0.0/16

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 CREATE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()
