DELETE-VOLUME()                                                DELETE-VOLUME()



NAME
       delete-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified EBS volume. The volume must be in the available
       state (not attached to an instance).

       The volume can remain in the deleting state for several minutes.

       For more information, see Delete an Amazon EBS  volume  in  the  Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-volume
          --volume-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-id (string)
          The ID of the volume.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a volume

       This  example command deletes an available volume with the volume ID of
       vol-049df61146c4d7901. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-volume --volume-id vol-049df61146c4d7901

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-VOLUME()
