DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION()                                DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION()



NAME
       delete-vpn-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified VPN connection.

       If  you're deleting the VPC and its associated components, we recommend
       that you detach the virtual private gateway from the VPC and delete the
       VPC  before deleting the VPN connection. If you believe that the tunnel
       credentials for your VPN connection  have  been  compromised,  you  can
       delete the VPN connection and create a new one that has new keys, with-
       out needing to delete the VPC or virtual private gateway. If you create
       a  new VPN connection, you must reconfigure the customer gateway device
       using the new configuration information returned with the new VPN  con-
       nection ID.

       For  certificate-based  authentication,  delete all Certificate Manager
       (ACM) private certificates used for the Amazon Web Services-side tunnel
       endpoints for the VPN connection before deleting the VPN connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vpn-connection
          --vpn-connection-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpn-connection-id (string)
          The ID of the VPN connection.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a VPN connection

       This example deletes the specified VPN connection. If the command  suc-
       ceeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-vpn-connection --vpn-connection-id vpn-40f41529

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION()
