DELETE-INSTANCE-EVENT-WINDOW()                  DELETE-INSTANCE-EVENT-WINDOW()



NAME
       delete-instance-event-window -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified event window.

       For  more information, see Define event windows for scheduled events in
       the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-instance-event-window
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          --instance-event-window-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          Specify  true to force delete the event window. Use the force delete
          parameter if the event window is currently associated with targets.

       --instance-event-window-id (string)
          The ID of the event window.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       InstanceEventWindowState -> (structure)
          The state of the event window.

          InstanceEventWindowId -> (string)
              The ID of the event window.

          State -> (string)
              The current state of the event window.



                                                DELETE-INSTANCE-EVENT-WINDOW()
