DELETE-INTERNET-GATEWAY()                            DELETE-INTERNET-GATEWAY()



NAME
       delete-internet-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  internet gateway. You must detach the internet
       gateway from the VPC before you can delete it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-internet-gateway
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --internet-gateway-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --internet-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the internet gateway.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an internet gateway

       The following delete-internet-gateway example deletes the specified in-
       ternet gateway.

          aws ec2 delete-internet-gateway \
              --internet-gateway-id igw-0d0fb496b3EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Internet gateways  in  the  Amazon  VPC  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-INTERNET-GATEWAY()
