DELETE-PUBLIC-IPV4-POOL()                            DELETE-PUBLIC-IPV4-POOL()



NAME
       delete-public-ipv4-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete a public IPv4 pool. A public IPv4 pool is an EC2 IP address pool
       required for the public IPv4 CIDRs that you own and bring to Amazon Web
       Services  to  manage  with IPAM. IPv6 addresses you bring to Amazon Web
       Services, however, use IPAM pools only.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-public-ipv4-pool
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --pool-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          A check for whether you have the required permissions for the action
          without  actually making the request and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --pool-id (string)
          The ID of the public IPv4 pool you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Information about the result of deleting the public IPv4 pool.



                                                     DELETE-PUBLIC-IPV4-POOL()
