DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-TARGET()                  DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-TARGET()



NAME
       delete-traffic-mirror-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified Traffic Mirror target.

       You  cannot  delete a Traffic Mirror target that is in use by a Traffic
       Mirror session.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-traffic-mirror-target
          --traffic-mirror-target-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --traffic-mirror-target-id (string)
          The ID of the Traffic Mirror target.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a traffic mirror target

       The  following  delete-traffic-mirror-target example deletes the speci-
       fied traffic mirror target.

          aws ec2 delete-traffic-mirror-target \
              --traffic-mirror-target-id tmt-060f48ce9EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "TrafficMirrorTargetId": "tmt-060f48ce9EXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Delete a Traffic Mirror  Target  in  the  AWS
       Traffic Mirroring Guide.

OUTPUT
       TrafficMirrorTargetId -> (string)
          The ID of the deleted Traffic Mirror target.



                                                DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-TARGET()
