DELETE-DHCP-OPTIONS()                                    DELETE-DHCP-OPTIONS()



NAME
       delete-dhcp-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  set of DHCP options. You must disassociate the
       set of DHCP options before you can delete it. You can disassociate  the
       set  of  DHCP options by associating either a new set of options or the
       default set of options with the VPC.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-dhcp-options
          --dhcp-options-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dhcp-options-id (string)
          The ID of the DHCP options set.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a DHCP options set

       This  example  deletes  the  specified DHCP options set. If the command
       succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-dhcp-options --dhcp-options-id dopt-d9070ebb

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-DHCP-OPTIONS()
