DELETE-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()                DELETE-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()



NAME
       delete-vpc-peering-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a VPC peering connection. Either the owner of the requester VPC
       or the owner of the accepter VPC can delete the VPC peering  connection
       if  it's in the active state. The owner of the requester VPC can delete
       a VPC peering connection in the pending-acceptance  state.  You  cannot
       delete a VPC peering connection that's in the failed state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vpc-peering-connection
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --vpc-peering-connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --vpc-peering-connection-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC peering connection.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a VPC peering connection

       This example deletes the specified VPC peering connection.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-vpc-peering-connection --vpc-peering-connection-id pcx-1a2b3c4d

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                                               DELETE-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()
