DELETE-NETWORK-ACL-ENTRY()                          DELETE-NETWORK-ACL-ENTRY()



NAME
       delete-network-acl-entry -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified ingress or egress entry (rule) from the specified
       network ACL.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-network-acl-entry
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --egress | --ingress
          --network-acl-id <value>
          --rule-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --egress | --ingress (boolean)
          Indicates whether the rule is an egress rule.

       --network-acl-id (string)
          The ID of the network ACL.

       --rule-number (integer)
          The rule number of the entry to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a network ACL entry

       This example deletes ingress rule number 100 from the specified network
       ACL. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-network-acl-entry --network-acl-id acl-5fb85d36 --ingress --rule-number 100

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-NETWORK-ACL-ENTRY()
