DELETE-SECURITY-GROUP()                                DELETE-SECURITY-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-security-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a security group.

       If  you  attempt  to delete a security group that is associated with an
       instance, or is referenced by another  security  group,  the  operation
       fails  with InvalidGroup.InUse in EC2-Classic or DependencyViolation in
       EC2-VPC.

       NOTE:
          We are retiring EC2-Classic on August 15, 2022.  We  recommend  that
          you  migrate  from  EC2-Classic  to a VPC. For more information, see
          Migrate from EC2-Classic to a VPC  in  the  Amazon  Elastic  Compute
          Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-security-group
          [--group-id <value>]
          [--group-name <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-id (string)
          The ID of the security group. Required for a nondefault VPC.

       --group-name (string)
          [EC2-Classic,  default  VPC] The name of the security group. You can
          specify either the security group name or the security group ID.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       [EC2-Classic] To delete a security group

       This  example  deletes the security group named MySecurityGroup. If the
       command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-security-group --group-name MySecurityGroup

       [EC2-VPC] To delete a security group

       This example deletes the security group with the ID  sg-903004f8.  Note
       that  you  can't reference a security group for EC2-VPC by name. If the
       command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-security-group --group-id sg-903004f8

       For more information, see Using Security Groups in the AWS Command Line
       Interface User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-SECURITY-GROUP()
