DELETE-CLIENT-VPN-ENDPOINT()                      DELETE-CLIENT-VPN-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-client-vpn-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  Client VPN endpoint. You must disassociate all
       target networks before you can delete a Client VPN endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-client-vpn-endpoint
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the Client VPN to be deleted.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a Client VPN endpoint

       The  following delete-client-vpn-endpoint example deletes the specified
       Client VPN endpoint.

          aws ec2 delete-client-vpn-endpoint \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde

       Output:

          {
              "Status": {
                  "Code": "deleting"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Client VPN Endpoints in the  AWS  Client  VPN
       Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (structure)
          The current state of the Client VPN endpoint.

          Code -> (string)
              The state of the Client VPN endpoint. Possible states include:

              o pending-associate  -  The Client VPN endpoint has been created
                but no target networks have been associated.  The  Client  VPN
                endpoint cannot accept connections.

              o available  -  The  Client  VPN endpoint has been created and a
                target network has been associated. The  Client  VPN  endpoint
                can accept connections.

              o deleting  -  The  Client  VPN  endpoint  is being deleted. The
                Client VPN endpoint cannot accept connections.

              o deleted - The Client VPN endpoint has been deleted. The Client
                VPN endpoint cannot accept connections.

          Message -> (string)
              A message about the status of the Client VPN endpoint.



                                                  DELETE-CLIENT-VPN-ENDPOINT()
