DELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-CONFIGDELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-CONFIGURATIONS()



NAME
       delete-vpc-endpoint-service-configurations -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  one  or  more  VPC endpoint service configurations in your ac-
       count. Before you delete the endpoint service configuration,  you  must
       reject  any  Available  or PendingAcceptance interface endpoint connec-
       tions that are attached to the service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vpc-endpoint-service-configurations
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --service-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --service-ids (list)
          The IDs of one or more services.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an endpoint service configuration

       This example deletes the specified endpoint service configuration.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-vpc-endpoint-service-configurations --service-ids vpce-svc-03d5ebb7d9579a2b3

       Output:

          {
             "Unsuccessful": []
          }

OUTPUT
       Unsuccessful -> (list)
          Information about the service configurations that were not  deleted,
          if applicable.

          (structure)
              Information  about items that were not successfully processed in
              a batch call.

              Error -> (structure)
                 Information about the error.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The error code.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The error message accompanying the error code.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource.



                                  DELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-CONFIGURATIONS()
