DELETE-NETWORK-INTERFACE-PERMISSION()    DELETE-NETWORK-INTERFACE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       delete-network-interface-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  permission  for a network interface. By default, you cannot
       delete the permission if the account for which you're removing the per-
       mission has attached the network interface to an instance. However, you
       can force delete the permission, regardless of any attachment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-network-interface-permission
          --network-interface-permission-id <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-interface-permission-id (string)
          The ID of the network interface permission.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Specify true to remove the permission even if the network  interface
          is attached to an instance.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a network interface permission

       This example deletes the specified network interface permission.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-network-interface-permission --network-interface-permission-id eni-perm-06fd19020ede149ea

       Output:

          {
            "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds, otherwise returns an error.



                                         DELETE-NETWORK-INTERFACE-PERMISSION()
