DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()                    DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()



NAME
       delete-vpn-connection-route -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified static route associated with a VPN connection be-
       tween an existing virtual private gateway and a VPN  customer  gateway.
       The  static  route allows traffic to be routed from the virtual private
       gateway to the VPN customer gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vpn-connection-route
          --destination-cidr-block <value>
          --vpn-connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --destination-cidr-block (string)
          The CIDR block associated with the local subnet of the customer net-
          work.

       --vpn-connection-id (string)
          The ID of the VPN connection.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a static route from a VPN connection

       This  example deletes the specified static route from the specified VPN
       connection. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-vpn-connection-route --vpn-connection-id vpn-40f41529 --destination-cidr-block 11.12.0.0/16

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-VPN-CONNECTION-ROUTE()
