DELETE-KEY-PAIR()                                            DELETE-KEY-PAIR()



NAME
       delete-key-pair -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified key pair, by removing the public key from Amazon
       EC2.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-key-pair
          [--key-name <value>]
          [--key-pair-id <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-name (string)
          The name of the key pair.

       --key-pair-id (string)
          The ID of the key pair.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a key pair

       This  example deletes the key pair named MyKeyPair. If the command suc-
       ceeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-key-pair --key-name MyKeyPair

       For more information, see Using Key Pairs in the AWS Command  Line  In-
       terface User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-KEY-PAIR()
