DELETE-NETWORK-INSIGHTS-ANALYSIS()          DELETE-NETWORK-INSIGHTS-ANALYSIS()



NAME
       delete-network-insights-analysis -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified network insights analysis.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-network-insights-analysis
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --network-insights-analysis-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --network-insights-analysis-id (string)
          The ID of the network insights analysis.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a path analysis

       The  following  delete-network-insights-analysis  example  deletes  the
       specified analysis.

          aws ec2 delete-network-insights-analysis \
              --network-insights-analysis-id nia-02207aa13eb480c7a

       Output:

          {
              "NetworkInsightsAnalysisId": "nia-02207aa13eb480c7a"
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Getting  started using the AWS CLI in the
       Reachability Analyzer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NetworkInsightsAnalysisId -> (string)
          The ID of the network insights analysis.



                                            DELETE-NETWORK-INSIGHTS-ANALYSIS()
