DELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NDELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NOTIFICATIONS()



NAME
       delete-vpc-endpoint-connection-notifications -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes one or more VPC endpoint connection notifications.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vpc-endpoint-connection-notifications
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --connection-notification-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --connection-notification-ids (list)
          One or more notification IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an endpoint connection notification

       This example deletes the specified endpoint connection notification.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-vpc-endpoint-connection-notifications --connection-notification-ids vpce-nfn-008776de7e03f5abc

       Output:

          {
            "Unsuccessful": []
          }

OUTPUT
       Unsuccessful -> (list)
          Information about the notifications that could not be  deleted  suc-
          cessfully.

          (structure)
              Information  about items that were not successfully processed in
              a batch call.

              Error -> (structure)
                 Information about the error.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The error code.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The error message accompanying the error code.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource.



                                DELETE-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NOTIFICATIONS()
