DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-SESSION()                DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-SESSION()



NAME
       delete-traffic-mirror-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified Traffic Mirror session.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-traffic-mirror-session
          --traffic-mirror-session-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --traffic-mirror-session-id (string)
          The ID of the Traffic Mirror session.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a traffic mirror session

       The following delete-traffic-mirror-session example deletes the  speci-
       fied traffic mirror-session.

          aws ec2 delete-traffic-mirror-session \
              --traffic-mirror-session-id tms-0af3141ce5EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "TrafficMirrorSessionId": "tms-0af3141ce5EXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more  information,  see Delete a Traffic Mirror Session in the AWS
       Traffic Mirroring Guide.

OUTPUT
       TrafficMirrorSessionId -> (string)
          The ID of the deleted Traffic Mirror session.



                                               DELETE-TRAFFIC-MIRROR-SESSION()
