DELETE-SNAPSHOT()                                            DELETE-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       delete-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified snapshot.

       When  you make periodic snapshots of a volume, the snapshots are incre-
       mental, and only the blocks on the device that have changed since  your
       last  snapshot  are  saved in the new snapshot. When you delete a snap-
       shot, only the data not needed for any other snapshot  is  removed.  So
       regardless of which prior snapshots have been deleted, all active snap-
       shots will have access to all the information  needed  to  restore  the
       volume.

       You  cannot  delete a snapshot of the root device of an EBS volume used
       by a registered AMI. You must first de-register the AMI before you  can
       delete the snapshot.

       For  more  information, see Delete an Amazon EBS snapshot in the Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-snapshot
          --snapshot-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the EBS snapshot.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a snapshot

       This  example  command  deletes  a  snapshot  with  the  snapshot ID of
       snap-1234567890abcdef0. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 delete-snapshot --snapshot-id snap-1234567890abcdef0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-SNAPSHOT()
