DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()                              DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       deprovision-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Releases  the specified address range that you provisioned for use with
       your Amazon Web Services resources through bring your own IP  addresses
       (BYOIP) and deletes the corresponding address pool.

       Before  you  can release an address range, you must stop advertising it
       using  WithdrawByoipCidr and you must not have any IP  addresses  allo-
       cated from its address range.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprovision-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The  address  range,  in  CIDR notation. The prefix must be the same
          prefix that you specified when you provisioned the address range.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove an IP address range from use

       The following example removes the specified address range from use with
       AWS.

          aws ec2 deprovision-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr 203.0.113.25/24

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "203.0.113.25/24",
                  "State": "pending-deprovision"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address range.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the address range.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              Upon success, contains the ID of the  address  pool.  Otherwise,
              contains an error message.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.



                                                      DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()
