DEREGISTER-IMAGE()                                          DEREGISTER-IMAGE()



NAME
       deregister-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters the specified AMI. After you deregister an AMI, it can't be
       used to launch new instances.

       If you deregister an AMI that matches a Recycle Bin retention rule, the
       AMI  is retained in the Recycle Bin for the specified retention period.
       For more information, see Recycle Bin in  the  Amazon  Elastic  Compute
       Cloud User Guide.

       When you deregister an AMI, it doesn't affect any instances that you've
       already launched from the AMI. You'll continue to incur usage costs for
       those instances until you terminate them.

       When  you  deregister  an  Amazon EBS-backed AMI, it doesn't affect the
       snapshot that was created for the root volume of  the  instance  during
       the  AMI creation process. When you deregister an instance store-backed
       AMI, it doesn't affect the files that you uploaded to  Amazon  S3  when
       you created the AMI.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-image
          --image-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To deregister an AMI

       This example deregisters the specified AMI. If the command succeeds, no
       output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 deregister-image --image-id ami-4fa54026

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DEREGISTER-IMAGE()
