DESCRIBE-TRUNK-INTERFACE-ASSOCIATIONS()DESCRIBE-TRUNK-INTERFACE-ASSOCIATIONS()



NAME
       describe-trunk-interface-associations -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  API  action  is currently in limited preview only . If you are
          interested in using this feature, contact your account manager.

       Describes one or more network interface trunk associations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-trunk-interface-associations is a paginated operation.  Multi-
       ple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of
       results. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  ar-
       gument.   When  using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: InterfaceAssociations

SYNOPSIS
            describe-trunk-interface-associations
          [--association-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-ids (list)
          The IDs of the associations.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o gre-key - The ID of a trunk interface association.

          o interface-protocol - The interface protocol. Valid values are VLAN
            and GRE .

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       InterfaceAssociations -> (list)
          Information about the trunk associations.

          (structure)

              NOTE:
                 Currently  available in limited preview only . If you are in-
                 terested in using this feature, contact your account manager.

              Information about an association between a branch network inter-
              face with a trunk network interface.

              AssociationId -> (string)
                 The ID of the association.

              BranchInterfaceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the branch network interface.

              TrunkInterfaceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the trunk network interface.

              InterfaceProtocol -> (string)
                 The interface protocol. Valid values are VLAN and GRE .

              VlanId -> (integer)
                 The ID of the VLAN when you use the VLAN protocol.

              GreKey -> (integer)
                 The application key when you use the GRE protocol.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The tags for the trunk interface association.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a tag.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a
                        maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin  with
                        aws: .

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag values are case-sensitive and accept
                        a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                       DESCRIBE-TRUNK-INTERFACE-ASSOCIATIONS()
