DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-EVENT-NOTIFDESCRIBE-INSTANCE-EVENT-NOTIFICATION-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       describe-instance-event-notification-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the tag keys that are registered to appear in scheduled event
       notifications for resources in the current Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-instance-event-notification-attributes
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the tags for scheduled event notifications

       The  following  describe-instance-event-notification-attributes example
       describes the tags to appear in scheduled event notifications.

          aws ec2 describe-instance-event-notification-attributes

       Output:

          {
              "InstanceTagAttribute": {
                  "InstanceTagKeys": [],
                  "IncludeAllTagsOfInstance": true
              }
          }

       For more information, see Scheduled events for your  instances  in  the
       Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       InstanceTagAttribute -> (structure)
          Information about the registered tag keys.

          InstanceTagKeys -> (list)
              The registered tag keys.

              (string)

          IncludeAllTagsOfInstance -> (boolean)
              Indicates  wheter  all tag keys in the current Region are regis-
              tered to appear in scheduled event notifications. true indicates
              that all tag keys in the current Region are registered.



                             DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-EVENT-NOTIFICATION-ATTRIBUTES()
