DESCRIBE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()    DESCRIBE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       describe-spot-datafeed-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  data feed for Spot Instances. For more information, see
       Spot Instance data feed in the Amazon EC2  User  Guide  for  Linux  In-
       stances .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-spot-datafeed-subscription
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe Spot Instance datafeed subscription for an account

       This example command describes the data feed for the account.

       Command:

          aws ec2 describe-spot-datafeed-subscription

       Output:

          {
              "SpotDatafeedSubscription": {
                  "OwnerId": "123456789012",
                  "Prefix": "spotdata",
                  "Bucket": "my-s3-bucket",
                  "State": "Active"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       SpotDatafeedSubscription -> (structure)
          The Spot Instance data feed subscription.

          Bucket -> (string)
              The  name  of  the Amazon S3 bucket where the Spot Instance data
              feed is located.

          Fault -> (structure)
              The fault codes for the Spot Instance request, if any.

              Code -> (string)
                 The reason code for the Spot Instance state change.

              Message -> (string)
                 The message for the Spot Instance state change.

          OwnerId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the account.

          Prefix -> (string)
              The prefix for the data feed files.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the Spot Instance data feed subscription.



                                         DESCRIBE-SPOT-DATAFEED-SUBSCRIPTION()
