DESCRIBE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTINGS()  DESCRIBE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTINGS()



NAME
       describe-reserved-instances-listings -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes your account's Reserved Instance listings in the Reserved In-
       stance Marketplace.

       The Reserved Instance Marketplace matches sellers who  want  to  resell
       Reserved  Instance  capacity  that  they no longer need with buyers who
       want to purchase additional capacity.  Reserved  Instances  bought  and
       sold  through the Reserved Instance Marketplace work like any other Re-
       served Instances.

       As a seller, you choose to list some or all of your Reserved Instances,
       and  you  specify  the upfront price to receive for them. Your Reserved
       Instances are then listed in the Reserved Instance Marketplace and  are
       available for purchase.

       As  a  buyer, you specify the configuration of the Reserved Instance to
       purchase, and the Marketplace matches what you're  searching  for  with
       what's  available.  The  Marketplace  first sells the lowest priced Re-
       served Instances to you, and continues to sell available  Reserved  In-
       stance  listings to you until your demand is met. You are charged based
       on the total price of all of the listings that you purchase.

       For more information, see Reserved Instance Marketplace in  the  Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-reserved-instances-listings
          [--filters <value>]
          [--reserved-instances-id <value>]
          [--reserved-instances-listing-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          One or more filters.

          o reserved-instances-id - The ID of the Reserved Instances.

          o reserved-instances-listing-id  -  The ID of the Reserved Instances
            listing.

          o status - The status of the Reserved Instance  listing  (pending  |
            active | cancelled | closed ).

          o status-message - The reason for the status.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --reserved-instances-id (string)
          One or more Reserved Instance IDs.

       --reserved-instances-listing-id (string)
          One or more Reserved Instance listing IDs.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe a Reserved Instance listing

       The  following  describe-reserved-instances-listings  example retrieves
       information about the specified Reserved Instance listing.

          aws ec2 describe-reserved-instances-listings \
              --reserved-instances-listing-id 5ec28771-05ff-4b9b-aa31-9e57dexample

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       ReservedInstancesListings -> (list)
          Information about the Reserved Instance listing.

          (structure)
              Describes a Reserved Instance listing.

              ClientToken -> (string)
                 A unique, case-sensitive key supplied by the client to ensure
                 that  the  request  is  idempotent. For more information, see
                 Ensuring Idempotency .

              CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The time the listing was created.

              InstanceCounts -> (list)
                 The number of instances in this state.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a Reserved Instance listing state.

                     InstanceCount -> (integer)
                        The number of listed Reserved Instances in  the  state
                        specified by the state .

                     State -> (string)
                        The states of the listed Reserved Instances.

              PriceSchedules -> (list)
                 The price of the Reserved Instance listing.

                 (structure)
                     Describes the price for a Reserved Instance.

                     Active -> (boolean)
                        The  current price schedule, as determined by the term
                        remaining for the Reserved Instance in the listing.

                        A specific price schedule is  always  in  effect,  but
                        only  one  price  schedule  can be active at any time.
                        Take, for example, a Reserved  Instance  listing  that
                        has  five months remaining in its term. When you spec-
                        ify price schedules for five months  and  two  months,
                        this  means  that schedule 1, covering the first three
                        months of the remaining term, will  be  active  during
                        months 5, 4, and 3. Then schedule 2, covering the last
                        two months of the term, will be active  for  months  2
                        and 1.

                     CurrencyCode -> (string)
                        The currency for transacting the Reserved Instance re-
                        sale. At this time, the only supported currency is USD
                        .

                     Price -> (double)
                        The fixed price for the term.

                     Term -> (long)
                        The number of months remaining in the reservation. For
                        example, 2 is the second to the last month before  the
                        capacity reservation expires.

              ReservedInstancesId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance.

              ReservedInstancesListingId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Reserved Instance listing.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the Reserved Instance listing.

              StatusMessage -> (string)
                 The  reason  for  the current status of the Reserved Instance
                 listing. The response can be blank.

              Tags -> (list)
                 Any tags assigned to the resource.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a tag.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key of the tag.

                        Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept  a
                        maximum  of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with
                        aws: .

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the tag.

                        Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and  accept
                        a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.

              UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The last modified timestamp of the listing.



                                        DESCRIBE-RESERVED-INSTANCES-LISTINGS()
