DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-CREDIT-SPECIFICATIODESCRIBE-INSTANCE-CREDIT-SPECIFICATIONS()



NAME
       describe-instance-credit-specifications -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  credit  option for CPU usage of the specified burstable
       performance instances. The credit options are standard and unlimited .

       If you do not specify an instance ID, Amazon EC2 returns burstable per-
       formance  instances  with  the  unlimited credit option, as well as in-
       stances that were previously configured as T2, T3, and T3a with the un-
       limited  credit option. For example, if you resize a T2 instance, while
       it is configured as unlimited , to an M4 instance, Amazon  EC2  returns
       the M4 instance.

       If  you specify one or more instance IDs, Amazon EC2 returns the credit
       option (standard or unlimited ) of those instances. If you  specify  an
       instance  ID  that  is  not  valid,  such  as an instance that is not a
       burstable performance instance, an error is returned.

       Recently terminated instances might appear  in  the  returned  results.
       This interval is usually less than one hour.

       If  an  Availability  Zone is experiencing a service disruption and you
       specify instance IDs in the affected zone, or do not  specify  any  in-
       stance  IDs at all, the call fails. If you specify only instance IDs in
       an unaffected zone, the call works normally.

       For more information, see Burstable performance instances in the Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-instance-credit-specifications  is a paginated operation. Mul-
       tiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data  set
       of  results.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: InstanceCreditSpecifications

SYNOPSIS
            describe-instance-credit-specifications
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--instance-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --filters (list)
          The filters.

          o instance-id - The ID of the instance.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --instance-ids (list)
          The instance IDs.

          Default: Describes all your instances.

          Constraints: Maximum 1000 explicitly specified instance IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the credit option for CPU usage of one or more instances

       This example describes the current credit option for CPU usage  of  the
       specified instance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 describe-instance-credit-specifications --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
            "InstanceCreditSpecifications": [
              {
                  "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
                  "CpuCredits": "unlimited"
              }
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       InstanceCreditSpecifications -> (list)
          Information about the credit option for CPU usage of an instance.

          (structure)
              Describes the credit option for CPU usage of a burstable perfor-
              mance instance.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the instance.

              CpuCredits -> (string)
                 The credit option for CPU usage of the instance. Valid values
                 are standard and unlimited .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                     DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-CREDIT-SPECIFICATIONS()
