DESCRIBE-CLIENT-VPN-AUTHORIZATION-RULDESCRIBE-CLIENT-VPN-AUTHORIZATION-RULES()



NAME
       describe-client-vpn-authorization-rules -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the authorization rules for a specified Client VPN endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-client-vpn-authorization-rules  is a paginated operation. Mul-
       tiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data  set
       of  results.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: AuthorizationRules

SYNOPSIS
            describe-client-vpn-authorization-rules
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the Client VPN endpoint.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --filters (list)
          One or more filters. Filter names and values are case-sensitive.

          o description - The description of the authorization rule.

          o destination-cidr - The CIDR of the network to which the authoriza-
            tion rule applies.

          o group-id - The ID of the Active Directory group to which  the  au-
            thorization rule grants access.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe the authorization rules for a Client VPN endpoint

       The following describe-client-vpn-authorization-rules example  displays
       details about the authorization rules for the specified Client VPN end-
       point.

          aws ec2 describe-client-vpn-authorization-rules \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde

       Output:

          {
              "AuthorizationRules": [
                  {
                      "ClientVpnEndpointId": "cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde",
                      "GroupId": "",
                      "AccessAll": true,
                      "DestinationCidr": "0.0.0.0/0",
                      "Status": {
                          "Code": "active"
                      }
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Authorization Rules in the AWS Client VPN Ad-
       ministrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       AuthorizationRules -> (list)
          Information about the authorization rules.

          (structure)
              Information about an authorization rule.

              ClientVpnEndpointId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of the Client VPN endpoint with which the authoriza-
                 tion rule is associated.

              Description -> (string)
                 A brief description of the authorization rule.

              GroupId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Active Directory group to which the  authoriza-
                 tion rule grants access.

              AccessAll -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the authorization rule grants access to all
                 clients.

              DestinationCidr -> (string)
                 The IPv4 address range, in CIDR notation, of the  network  to
                 which the authorization rule applies.

              Status -> (structure)
                 The current state of the authorization rule.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The state of the authorization rule.

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  message about the status of the authorization rule, if
                     applicable.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                     DESCRIBE-CLIENT-VPN-AUTHORIZATION-RULES()
