DESCRIBE-ELASTIC-GPUS()                                DESCRIBE-ELASTIC-GPUS()



NAME
       describe-elastic-gpus -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  Elastic  Graphics  accelerator associated with your in-
       stances. For more information about Elastic Graphics, see Amazon  Elas-
       tic Graphics .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-elastic-gpus
          [--elastic-gpu-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-gpu-ids (list)
          The Elastic Graphics accelerator IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --filters (list)
          The filters.

          o availability-zone - The Availability Zone  in  which  the  Elastic
            Graphics accelerator resides.

          o elastic-gpu-health  - The status of the Elastic Graphics accelera-
            tor (OK | IMPAIRED ).

          o elastic-gpu-state - The state of the Elastic Graphics  accelerator
            (ATTACHED ).

          o elastic-gpu-type  -  The type of Elastic Graphics accelerator; for
            example, eg1.medium .

          o instance-id - The ID of the instance to which the Elastic Graphics
            accelerator is associated.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with  an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.  If  you
                 specify  multiple  values for a filter, the values are joined
                 with an OR , and the request returns all results  that  match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --max-results (integer)
          The  maximum  number  of  results to return in a single call. To re-
          trieve the remaining results, make another call  with  the  returned
          NextToken value. This value can be between 5 and 1000.

       --next-token (string)
          The token to request the next page of results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe an Elastic GPU

       Command:

          aws ec2 describe-elastic-gpus --elastic-gpu-ids egpu-12345678901234567890abcdefghijkl

OUTPUT
       ElasticGpuSet -> (list)
          Information about the Elastic Graphics accelerators.

          (structure)
              Describes an Elastic Graphics accelerator.

              ElasticGpuId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Elastic Graphics accelerator.

              AvailabilityZone -> (string)
                 The  Availability  Zone in the which the Elastic Graphics ac-
                 celerator resides.

              ElasticGpuType -> (string)
                 The type of Elastic Graphics accelerator.

              ElasticGpuHealth -> (structure)
                 The status of the Elastic Graphics accelerator.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The health status.

              ElasticGpuState -> (string)
                 The state of the Elastic Graphics accelerator.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the instance to which the Elastic Graphics acceler-
                 ator is attached.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The tags assigned to the Elastic Graphics accelerator.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a tag.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a
                        maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin  with
                        aws: .

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the tag.

                        Constraints:  Tag values are case-sensitive and accept
                        a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.

       MaxResults -> (integer)
          The total number of items to return. If the total  number  of  items
          available  is  more  than  the  value  specified in max-items then a
          Next-Token will be provided in the output that you can use to resume
          pagination.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                                       DESCRIBE-ELASTIC-GPUS()
