DETACH-VPN-GATEWAY()                                      DETACH-VPN-GATEWAY()



NAME
       detach-vpn-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  a  virtual  private gateway from a VPC. You do this if you're
       planning to turn off the VPC and not use it anymore. You can confirm  a
       virtual  private gateway has been completely detached from a VPC by de-
       scribing the virtual private gateway (any attachments  to  the  virtual
       private gateway are also described).

       You  must  wait for the attachment's state to switch to detached before
       you can delete the VPC or attach a different VPC to the virtual private
       gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-vpn-gateway
          --vpc-id <value>
          --vpn-gateway-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --vpn-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual private gateway.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach a virtual private gateway from your VPC

       This example detaches the specified virtual private  gateway  from  the
       specified VPC. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 detach-vpn-gateway --vpn-gateway-id vgw-9a4cacf3 --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DETACH-VPN-GATEWAY()
