DETACH-VOLUME()                                                DETACH-VOLUME()



NAME
       detach-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  an EBS volume from an instance. Make sure to unmount any file
       systems on the device within your operating system before detaching the
       volume. Failure to do so can result in the volume becoming stuck in the
       busy state while detaching. If this happens, detachment can be  delayed
       indefinitely until you unmount the volume, force detachment, reboot the
       instance, or all three. If an EBS volume is the root device of  an  in-
       stance,  it  can't be detached while the instance is running. To detach
       the root volume, stop the instance first.

       When a volume with an Amazon Web Services Marketplace product  code  is
       detached  from  an  instance,  the product code is no longer associated
       with the instance.

       For more information, see Detach an Amazon EBS  volume  in  the  Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-volume
          [--device <value>]
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--instance-id <value>]
          --volume-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device (string)
          The device name.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Forces  detachment  if the previous detachment attempt did not occur
          cleanly (for example, logging into an instance, unmounting the  vol-
          ume, and detaching normally). This option can lead to data loss or a
          corrupted file system. Use this option only as a last resort to  de-
          tach a volume from a failed instance. The instance won't have an op-
          portunity to flush file system caches or file  system  metadata.  If
          you  use  this option, you must perform file system check and repair
          procedures.

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance. If you are detaching a Multi-Attach  enabled
          volume, you must specify an instance ID.

       --volume-id (string)
          The ID of the volume.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To detach a volume from an instance

       This example command detaches the volume  (vol-049df61146c4d7901)  from
       the instance it is attached to.

       Command:

          aws ec2 detach-volume --volume-id vol-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "AttachTime": "2014-02-27T19:23:06.000Z",
              "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
              "VolumeId": "vol-049df61146c4d7901",
              "State": "detaching",
              "Device": "/dev/sdb"
          }

OUTPUT
       AttachTime -> (timestamp)
          The time stamp when the attachment initiated.

       Device -> (string)
          The device name.

       InstanceId -> (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       State -> (string)
          The attachment state of the volume.

       VolumeId -> (string)
          The ID of the volume.

       DeleteOnTermination -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.



                                                               DETACH-VOLUME()
