DETACH-NETWORK-INTERFACE()                          DETACH-NETWORK-INTERFACE()



NAME
       detach-network-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches a network interface from an instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-network-interface
          --attachment-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attachment-id (string)
          The ID of the attachment.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Specifies whether to force a detachment.

          NOTE:

              o Use the Force parameter only as a last resort to detach a net-
                work interface from a failed instance.

              o If  you use the Force parameter to detach a network interface,
                you might not be able to attach a different network  interface
                to  the  same index on the instance without first stopping and
                starting the instance.

              o If you force  the  detachment  of  a  network  interface,  the
                instance  metadata  might not get updated. This means that the
                attributes associated  with  the  detached  network  interface
                might still be visible. The instance metadata will get updated
                when you stop and start the instance.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach a network interface from your instance

       This example detaches the specified network interface from  the  speci-
       fied instance. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 detach-network-interface --attachment-id eni-attach-66c4350a

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DETACH-NETWORK-INTERFACE()
