DISASSOCIATE-ROUTE-TABLE()                          DISASSOCIATE-ROUTE-TABLE()



NAME
       disassociate-route-table -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a subnet or gateway from a route table.

       After  you perform this action, the subnet no longer uses the routes in
       the route table. Instead, it uses the routes in the  VPC's  main  route
       table. For more information about route tables, see Route tables in the
       Amazon Virtual Private Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-route-table
          --association-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          The association ID representing the current association between  the
          route table and subnet or gateway.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disassociate a route table

       This example disassociates the specified route table from the specified
       subnet. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 disassociate-route-table --association-id rtbassoc-781d0d1a

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DISASSOCIATE-ROUTE-TABLE()
