DISASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORKDISASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()



NAME
       disassociate-client-vpn-target-network -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a target network from the specified Client VPN endpoint.
       When you disassociate the last target network from a  Client  VPN,  the
       following happens:

       o The route that was automatically added for the VPC is deleted

       o All active client connections are terminated

       o New client connections are disallowed

       o The Client VPN endpoint's status changes to pending-associate

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-client-vpn-target-network
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          --association-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  Client VPN endpoint from which to disassociate the
          target network.

       --association-id (string)
          The ID of the target network association.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a network from a Client VPN endpoint

       The following disassociate-client-vpn-target-network example disassoci-
       ates   the   target   network   that's  associated  with  the  cvpn-as-
       soc-12312312312312312 association ID for the specified Client VPN  end-
       point.

          aws ec2 disassociate-client-vpn-target-network \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde \
              --association-id cvpn-assoc-12312312312312312

       Output:

          {
              "AssociationId": "cvpn-assoc-12312312312312312",
              "Status": {
                  "Code": "disassociating"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Target Networks in the AWS Client VPN Admin-
       istrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociationId -> (string)
          The ID of the target network association.

       Status -> (structure)
          The current state of the target network association.

          Code -> (string)
              The state of the target network association.

          Message -> (string)
              A message about the status of the target network association, if
              applicable.



                                      DISASSOCIATE-CLIENT-VPN-TARGET-NETWORK()
