DISASSOCIATE-TRUNK-INTERFACE()                  DISASSOCIATE-TRUNK-INTERFACE()



NAME
       disassociate-trunk-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  API  action  is currently in limited preview only . If you are
          interested in using this feature, contact your account manager.

       Removes an association between a branch network interface with a  trunk
       network interface.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-trunk-interface
          --association-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          The ID of the association

       --client-token (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive  identifier  that  you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request. For more information, see How to  Ensure
          Idempotency .

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.

       ClientToken -> (string)
          Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you  provide  to  ensure  the
          idempotency  of the request. For more information, see How to Ensure
          Idempotency .



                                                DISASSOCIATE-TRUNK-INTERFACE()
