DISASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()                                  DISASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()



NAME
       disassociate-address -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates an Elastic IP address from the instance or network inter-
       face it's associated with.

       An Elastic IP address is for use in either the EC2-Classic platform  or
       in  a VPC. For more information, see Elastic IP Addresses in the Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       This is an idempotent operation. If you perform the operation more than
       once, Amazon EC2 doesn't return an error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-address
          [--association-id <value>]
          [--public-ip <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The association ID. Required for EC2-VPC.

       --public-ip (string)
          [EC2-Classic] The Elastic IP address. Required for EC2-Classic.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate an Elastic IP addresses in EC2-Classic

       This example disassociates an Elastic IP address from  an  instance  in
       EC2-Classic. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 disassociate-address --public-ip 198.51.100.0

       To disassociate an Elastic IP address in EC2-VPC

       This  example disassociates an Elastic IP address from an instance in a
       VPC. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 disassociate-address --association-id eipassoc-2bebb745

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISASSOCIATE-ADDRESS()
