DISABLE-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()        DISABLE-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()



NAME
       disable-ebs-encryption-by-default -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  EBS encryption by default for your account in the current Re-
       gion.

       After you disable encryption by default, you can still create encrypted
       volumes by enabling encryption when you create each volume.

       Disabling  encryption  by default does not change the encryption status
       of your existing volumes.

       For more information, see Amazon EBS encryption in the  Amazon  Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-ebs-encryption-by-default
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable EBS encryption by default

       The  following  disable-ebs-encryption-by-default  example disables EBS
       encryption by default for your AWS account in the current Region.

          aws ec2 disable-ebs-encryption-by-default

       Output:

          {
              "EbsEncryptionByDefault": false
          }

OUTPUT
       EbsEncryptionByDefault -> (boolean)
          The updated status of encryption by default.



                                           DISABLE-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()
