DISABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()                        DISABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()



NAME
       disable-image-deprecation -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels the deprecation of the specified AMI.

       For  more  information, see Deprecate an AMI in the Amazon Elastic Com-
       pute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-image-deprecation
          --image-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To cancel the deprecation of an AMI

       The following disable-image-deprecation example cancels the deprecation
       of an AMI,  which  removes  the  DeprecationTime  field  from  the  de-
       scribe-images  output. You must be the AMI owner to perform this proce-
       dure.

          aws ec2 disable-image-deprecation \
              --image-id ami-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "RequestID": "11aabb229-4eac-35bd-99ed-be587EXAMPLE",
              "Return": "true"
          }

       For more  information,  see  Deprecate  an  AMI  <https://docs.aws.ama-
       zon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ami-deprecate.html#deprecate-ami>    in
       the Amazon EC2 User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                                   DISABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()
