DISABLE-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS()                DISABLE-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS()



NAME
       disable-serial-console-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables access to the EC2 serial console of all instances for your ac-
       count. By default, access to the EC2 serial  console  is  disabled  for
       your  account.  For  more information, see Manage account access to the
       EC2 serial console in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-serial-console-access
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable access to the EC2 serial console for your account

       The following disable-serial-console-access  example  disables  account
       access to the serial console.

          aws ec2 disable-serial-console-access

       Output:

          {
              "SerialConsoleAccessEnabled": false
          }

       For  more  information,  see  EC2 Serial Console in the Amazon EC2 User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       SerialConsoleAccessEnabled -> (boolean)
          If true , access to the EC2 serial console of all instances  is  en-
          abled  for your account. If false , access to the EC2 serial console
          of all instances is disabled for your account.



                                               DISABLE-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS()
