ENABLE-VGW-ROUTE-PROPAGATION()                  ENABLE-VGW-ROUTE-PROPAGATION()



NAME
       enable-vgw-route-propagation -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  a  virtual  private  gateway  (VGW) to propagate routes to the
       specified route table of a VPC.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-vgw-route-propagation
          --gateway-id <value>
          --route-table-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual private gateway that is attached to a VPC. The
          virtual  private  gateway  must be attached to the same VPC that the
          routing tables are associated with.

       --route-table-id (string)
          The ID of the route table. The routing table must be associated with
          the same VPC that the virtual private gateway is attached to.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable route propagation

       This example enables the specified virtual private gateway to propagate
       static routes to the specified route table. If the command succeeds, no
       output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 enable-vgw-route-propagation --route-table-id rtb-22574640 --gateway-id vgw-9a4cacf3

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ENABLE-VGW-ROUTE-PROPAGATION()
