ENABLE-IPAM-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTENABLE-IPAM-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       enable-ipam-organization-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable  an  Organizations member account as the IPAM admin account. You
       cannot select the Organizations management account as  the  IPAM  admin
       account.  For  more  information, see Enable integration with Organiza-
       tions in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-ipam-organization-admin-account
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --delegated-admin-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          A check for whether you have the required permissions for the action
          without  actually making the request and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --delegated-admin-account-id (string)
          The  Organizations  member account ID that you want to enable as the
          IPAM account.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To integrate with AWS Organizations and delegate a  member  account  as
       the IPAM account

       The following enable-ipam-organization-admin-account example integrates
       IPAM with AWS Organizations and delegates a member account as the  IPAM
       account.

          aws ec2 enable-ipam-organization-admin-account \
              --delegated-admin-account-id 320805250157

       Output:

          {
              "Success": true
          }

       For  more information, see Integrate IPAM with AWS Organizations in the
       Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Success -> (boolean)
          The result of enabling the IPAM account.



                                      ENABLE-IPAM-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
