ENABLE-VPC-CLASSIC-LINK()                            ENABLE-VPC-CLASSIC-LINK()



NAME
       enable-vpc-classic-link -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  a VPC for ClassicLink. You can then link EC2-Classic instances
       to your ClassicLink-enabled VPC to allow communication over private  IP
       addresses.  You  cannot  enable your VPC for ClassicLink if any of your
       VPC route tables have existing routes for  address  ranges  within  the
       10.0.0.0/8  IP  address  range,  excluding local routes for VPCs in the
       10.0.0.0/16 and 10.1.0.0/16 IP address ranges.  For  more  information,
       see ClassicLink in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-vpc-classic-link
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --vpc-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable a VPC for ClassicLink

       This example enables vpc-8888888 for ClassicLink.

       Command:

          aws ec2 enable-vpc-classic-link --vpc-id vpc-88888888

       Output:

          {
            "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                                     ENABLE-VPC-CLASSIC-LINK()
