ENABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()                          ENABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()



NAME
       enable-image-deprecation -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  deprecation  of  the  specified  AMI at the specified date and
       time.

       For more information, see Deprecate an AMI in the Amazon  Elastic  Com-
       pute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-image-deprecation
          --image-id <value>
          --deprecate-at <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI.

       --deprecate-at (timestamp)
          The  date  and  time  to deprecate the AMI, in UTC, in the following
          format: YYYY -MM -DD T*HH* :MM :SS Z. If you  specify  a  value  for
          seconds, Amazon EC2 rounds the seconds to the nearest minute.

          You cant specify a date in the past. The upper limit for DeprecateAt
          is 10 years from now.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                                                    ENABLE-IMAGE-DEPRECATION()
