GET-CONSOLE-SCREENSHOT()                              GET-CONSOLE-SCREENSHOT()



NAME
       get-console-screenshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve  a  JPG-format  screenshot  of a running instance to help with
       troubleshooting.

       The returned content is Base64-encoded.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-console-screenshot
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --instance-id <value>
          [--wake-up | --no-wake-up]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --wake-up | --no-wake-up (boolean)
          When  set to true , acts as keystroke input and wakes up an instance
          that's in standby or "sleep" mode.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a screenshot of a running instance

       The following get-console-screenshot example retrieves a screenshot  of
       the  specified instance in .jpg format. The screenshot is returned as a
       Base64-encoded string.

          aws ec2 get-console-screenshot \
              --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "ImageData": "997987/8kgj49ikjhewkwwe0008084EXAMPLE",
              "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0"
          }

OUTPUT
       ImageData -> (string)
          The data that comprises the image.

       InstanceId -> (string)
          The ID of the instance.



                                                      GET-CONSOLE-SCREENSHOT()
