GET-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()                GET-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()



NAME
       get-ebs-encryption-by-default -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes whether EBS encryption by default is enabled for your account
       in the current Region.

       For more information, see Amazon EBS encryption in the  Amazon  Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-ebs-encryption-by-default
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe whether EBS encryption by default is enabled

       The  following  get-ebs-encryption-by-default example indicates whether
       EBS encryption by default is enabled for your AWS account in  the  cur-
       rent Region.

          aws ec2 get-ebs-encryption-by-default

       The  following  output indicates that EBS encryption by default is dis-
       abled.

          {
              "EbsEncryptionByDefault": false
          }

       The following output indicates that EBS encryption by  default  is  en-
       abled.

          {
              "EbsEncryptionByDefault": true
          }

OUTPUT
       EbsEncryptionByDefault -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether encryption by default is enabled.



                                               GET-EBS-ENCRYPTION-BY-DEFAULT()
