GET-INSTANCE-UEFI-DATA()                              GET-INSTANCE-UEFI-DATA()



NAME
       get-instance-uefi-data -

DESCRIPTION
       A  binary  representation of the UEFI variable store. Only non-volatile
       variables are stored. This is a base64 encoded and zlib compressed  bi-
       nary value that must be properly encoded.

       When  you  use register-image to create an AMI, you can create an exact
       copy of your variable store by passing the UEFI data  in  the  UefiData
       parameter.  You  can  modify the UEFI data by using the python-uefivars
       tool on GitHub. You can use the tool to convert the UEFI  data  into  a
       human-readable  format  (JSON),  which  you can inspect and modify, and
       then convert back into the binary format to use with register-image.

       For more information, see UEFI Secure Boot in the Amazon EC2 User Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-instance-uefi-data
          --instance-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance from which to retrieve the UEFI data.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       InstanceId -> (string)
          The ID of the instance from which to retrieve the UEFI data.

       UefiData -> (string)
          Base64 representation of the non-volatile UEFI variable store.



                                                      GET-INSTANCE-UEFI-DATA()
