GET-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS-STATUS()          GET-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS-STATUS()



NAME
       get-serial-console-access-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  access status of your account to the EC2 serial console
       of all instances. By default, access to the EC2 serial console is  dis-
       abled for your account. For more information, see Manage account access
       to the EC2 serial console in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-serial-console-access-status
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view the status of account access to the serial console

       The   following   get-serial-console-access-status  example  determines
       whether serial console access is enabled for your account.

          aws ec2 get-serial-console-access-status

       Output:

          {
              "SerialConsoleAccessEnabled": true
          }

       For more information, see EC2 Serial Console in  the  Amazon  EC2  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       SerialConsoleAccessEnabled -> (boolean)
          If  true  , access to the EC2 serial console of all instances is en-
          abled for your account. If false , access to the EC2 serial  console
          of all instances is disabled for your account.



                                            GET-SERIAL-CONSOLE-ACCESS-STATUS()
