GET-TRANSIT-GATEWAY-ROUTE-TABLE-GET-TRANSIT-GATEWAY-ROUTE-TABLE-ASSOCIATIONS()



NAME
       get-transit-gateway-route-table-associations -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about the associations for the specified transit gate-
       way route table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-transit-gateway-route-table-associations is a paginated  operation.
       Multiple  API  calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data
       set of results. You can disable pagination by providing the  --no-pagi-
       nate  argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a
       paginated response, the --query argument must extract data from the re-
       sults of the following query expressions: Associations

SYNOPSIS
            get-transit-gateway-route-table-associations
          --transit-gateway-route-table-id <value>
          [--filters <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transit-gateway-route-table-id (string)
          The ID of the transit gateway route table.

       --filters (list)
          One or more filters. The possible values are:

          o resource-id - The ID of the resource.

          o resource-type  -  The  resource type. Valid values are vpc | vpn |
            direct-connect-gateway | peering | connect .

          o transit-gateway-attachment-id - The ID of the attachment.

          (structure)
              A filter name and value pair that is used to return a more  spe-
              cific  list of results from a describe operation. Filters can be
              used to match a set of resources by specific criteria,  such  as
              tags, attributes, or IDs.

              If  you specify multiple filters, the filters are joined with an
              AND , and the request returns only results that match all of the
              specified filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  values. Filter values are case-sensitive. If you
                 specify multiple values for a filter, the values  are  joined
                 with  an  OR , and the request returns all results that match
                 any of the specified values.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get information about the associations  for  the  specified  transit
       gateway route table

       The following get-transit-gateway-route-table-associations example dis-
       plays information about the  associations  for  the  specified  transit
       gateway route table.

          aws ec2 get-transit-gateway-route-table-associations \
              --transit-gateway-route-table-id tgw-rtb-0a823edbdeEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "Associations": [
                  {
                      "TransitGatewayAttachmentId": "tgw-attach-09b52ccdb5EXAMPLE",
                      "ResourceId": "vpc-4d7de228",
                      "ResourceType": "vpc",
                      "State": "associating"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Transit gateway route tables in the Transit
       Gateways Guide.

OUTPUT
       Associations -> (list)
          Information about the associations.

          (structure)
              Describes an association between a route table  and  a  resource
              attachment.

              TransitGatewayAttachmentId -> (string)
                 The ID of the attachment.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The  resource  type.  Note that the tgw-peering resource type
                 has been deprecated.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the association.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                GET-TRANSIT-GATEWAY-ROUTE-TABLE-ASSOCIATIONS()
