GET-ASSOCIATED-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICAGET-ASSOCIATED-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICATE-IAM-ROLES()



NAME
       get-associated-enclave-certificate-iam-roles -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the IAM roles that are associated with the specified ACM (ACM)
       certificate. It also returns the name of the Amazon S3 bucket  and  the
       Amazon  S3 object key where the certificate, certificate chain, and en-
       crypted private key bundle are stored, and  the  ARN  of  the  KMS  key
       that's used to encrypt the private key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-associated-enclave-certificate-iam-roles
          [--certificate-arn <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-arn (string)
          The  ARN of the ACM certificate for which to view the associated IAM
          roles, encryption keys, and Amazon S3 object information.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AssociatedRoles -> (list)
          Information about the associated IAM roles.

          (structure)
              Information about the associated IAM roles.

              AssociatedRoleArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the associated IAM role.

              CertificateS3BucketName -> (string)
                 The  name  of the Amazon S3 bucket in which the Amazon S3 ob-
                 ject is stored.

              CertificateS3ObjectKey -> (string)
                 The key of the Amazon S3 object  ey  where  the  certificate,
                 certificate  chain,  and  encrypted  private  key  bundle  is
                 stored. The object key is formated as follows: role_arn /cer-
                 tificate_arn .

              EncryptionKmsKeyId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of the KMS customer master key (CMK) used to encrypt
                 the private key.



                                GET-ASSOCIATED-ENCLAVE-CERTIFICATE-IAM-ROLES()
