GET-GROUPS-FOR-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()    GET-GROUPS-FOR-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()



NAME
       get-groups-for-capacity-reservation -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  resource  groups  to  which a Capacity Reservation has been
       added.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-groups-for-capacity-reservation is a paginated operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: CapacityReservationGroups

SYNOPSIS
            get-groups-for-capacity-reservation
          --capacity-reservation-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --capacity-reservation-id (string)
          The ID of the Capacity Reservation.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the resource groups with a Capacity Reservation

       The following get-groups-for-capacity-reservation example lists the re-
       source groups to which the specified Capacity Reservation was added.

          aws ec2 get-groups-for-capacity-reservation \
              --capacity-reservation-id cr-1234abcd56EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "CapacityReservationsGroup": [
                  {
                      "GroupArn": "arn:aws:resource-groups:us-west-2:123456789012:group/my-resource-group",
                      "OwnerId": "123456789012"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Working with  Capacity  Reservations  in  the
       Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.

       CapacityReservationGroups -> (list)
          Information about the resource groups to which the Capacity Reserva-
          tion has been added.

          (structure)
              Describes  a  resource group to which a Capacity Reservation has
              been added.

              GroupArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource group.

              OwnerId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns  the  re-
                 source group.



                                         GET-GROUPS-FOR-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()
