IMPORT-CLIENT-VPN-CLIENTIMPORT-CLIENT-VPN-CLIENT-CERTIFICATE-REVOCATION-LIST()



NAME
       import-client-vpn-client-certificate-revocation-list -

DESCRIPTION
       Uploads  a  client  certificate revocation list to the specified Client
       VPN endpoint. Uploading a client certificate revocation list overwrites
       the existing client certificate revocation list.

       Uploading  a  client certificate revocation list resets existing client
       connections.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-client-vpn-client-certificate-revocation-list
          --client-vpn-endpoint-id <value>
          --certificate-revocation-list <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-vpn-endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the Client VPN endpoint to which  the  client  certificate
          revocation list applies.

       --certificate-revocation-list (string)
          The  client  certificate revocation list file. For more information,
          see Generate a Client Certificate Revocation List in the Client  VPN
          Administrator Guide .

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To import a client certificate revocation list

       The following import-client-vpn-client-certificate-revocation-list  ex-
       ample  imports  a  client certificate revocation list to the Client VPN
       endpoint by specifying the location of the file on the local computer.

          aws ec2 import-client-vpn-client-certificate-revocation-list \
              --certificate-revocation-list file:///path/to/crl.pem \
              --client-vpn-endpoint-id cvpn-endpoint-123456789123abcde

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Client Certificate Revocation  Lists  in  the
       AWS Client VPN Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                        IMPORT-CLIENT-VPN-CLIENT-CERTIFICATE-REVOCATION-LIST()
