LIST-IMAGES-IN-RECYCLE-BIN()                      LIST-IMAGES-IN-RECYCLE-BIN()



NAME
       list-images-in-recycle-bin -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  one or more AMIs that are currently in the Recycle Bin. For more
       information, see Recycle Bin in the Amazon Elastic Compute  Cloud  User
       Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-images-in-recycle-bin is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: Images

SYNOPSIS
            list-images-in-recycle-bin
          [--image-ids <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-ids (list)
          The IDs of the AMIs to list. Omit this parameter to list all of  the
          AMIs  that are in the Recycle Bin. You can specify up to 20 IDs in a
          single request.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the images in the Recycle Bin

       The  following  list-images-in-recycle-bin example lists all of the im-
       ages that are currently retained in the Recycle Bin.

          aws ec2 list-images-in-recycle-bin

       Output:

          {
              "Images": [
                  {
                      "RecycleBinEnterTime": "2022-03-14T15:35:08.000Z",
                      "Description": "Monthly AMI One",
                      "RecycleBinExitTime": "2022-03-15T15:35:08.000Z",
                      "Name": "AMI_01",
                      "ImageId": "ami-0111222333444abcd"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Recover AMIs from the Recycle Bin in the Ama-
       zon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Images -> (list)
          Information about the AMIs.

          (structure)
              Information about an AMI that is currently in the Recycle Bin.

              ImageId -> (string)
                 The ID of the AMI.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the AMI.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the AMI.

              RecycleBinEnterTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the AMI entered the Recycle Bin.

              RecycleBinExitTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and time when the AMI is to be permanently deleted
                 from the Recycle Bin.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                                  LIST-IMAGES-IN-RECYCLE-BIN()
