MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION-FLEET()        MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION-FLEET()



NAME
       modify-capacity-reservation-fleet -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies a Capacity Reservation Fleet.

       When  you  modify  the  total target capacity of a Capacity Reservation
       Fleet, the Fleet automatically creates new  Capacity  Reservations,  or
       modifies or cancels existing Capacity Reservations in the Fleet to meet
       the new total target capacity. When you modify the  end  date  for  the
       Fleet, the end dates for all of the individual Capacity Reservations in
       the Fleet are updated accordingly.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-capacity-reservation-fleet
          --capacity-reservation-fleet-id <value>
          [--total-target-capacity <value>]
          [--end-date <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--remove-end-date | --no-remove-end-date]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --capacity-reservation-fleet-id (string)
          The ID of the Capacity Reservation Fleet to modify.

       --total-target-capacity (integer)
          The total number of capacity units to be reserved  by  the  Capacity
          Reservation  Fleet.  This  value,  together  with  the instance type
          weights that you assign to each instance type used by the Fleet  de-
          termine  the number of instances for which the Fleet reserves capac-
          ity. Both values are based on units that make sense for  your  work-
          load.  For more information, see Total target capacity in the Amazon
          EC2 User Guide.

       --end-date (timestamp)
          The date and time at which the Capacity Reservation  Fleet  expires.
          When  the  Capacity  Reservation Fleet expires, its state changes to
          expired and all of the Capacity Reservations in the Fleet expire.

          The Capacity Reservation Fleet expires  within  an  hour  after  the
          specified  time.  For example, if you specify 5/31/2019 , 13:30:55 ,
          the Capacity Reservation  Fleet  is  guaranteed  to  expire  between
          13:30:55 and 14:30:55 on 5/31/2019 .

          You can't specify EndDate and RemoveEndDate in the same request.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --remove-end-date | --no-remove-end-date (boolean)
          Indicates whether to remove the end date from the Capacity  Reserva-
          tion  Fleet.  If  you  remove the end date, the Capacity Reservation
          Fleet does not expire and it remains  active  until  you  explicitly
          cancel it using the CancelCapacityReservationFleet action.

          You can't specify RemoveEndDate and EndDate in the same request.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                           MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION-FLEET()
