MODIFY-INSTANCE-MAINTENANCE-OPTIONS()    MODIFY-INSTANCE-MAINTENANCE-OPTIONS()



NAME
       modify-instance-maintenance-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  recovery behavior of your instance to disable simplified
       automatic recovery or set the recovery behavior to default. The default
       configuration  will not enable simplified automatic recovery for an un-
       supported instance type. For more information, see Simplified automatic
       recovery .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-instance-maintenance-options
          --instance-id <value>
          [--auto-recovery <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --auto-recovery (string)
          Disables the automatic recovery behavior of your instance or sets it
          to default.

          Possible values:

          o disabled

          o default

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       InstanceId -> (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       AutoRecovery -> (string)
          Provides information on the current automatic recovery  behavior  of
          your instance.



                                         MODIFY-INSTANCE-MAINTENANCE-OPTIONS()
