MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PERMISSIOMODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       modify-vpc-endpoint-service-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies the permissions for your VPC endpoint service . You can add or
       remove permissions for service consumers (IAM  users,  IAM  roles,  and
       Amazon Web Services accounts) to connect to your endpoint service.

       If  you grant permissions to all principals, the service is public. Any
       users who know the name of a public service can send a request  to  at-
       tach  an endpoint. If the service does not require manual approval, at-
       tachments are automatically approved.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-vpc-endpoint-service-permissions
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --service-id <value>
          [--add-allowed-principals <value>]
          [--remove-allowed-principals <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --service-id (string)
          The ID of the service.

       --add-allowed-principals (list)
          The  Amazon  Resource Names (ARN) of one or more principals. Permis-
          sions are granted to the principals in this list. To  grant  permis-
          sions to all principals, specify an asterisk (*).

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --remove-allowed-principals (list)
          The  Amazon  Resource Names (ARN) of one or more principals. Permis-
          sions are revoked for principals in this list.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify endpoint service permissions

       This example adds permission for an AWS account to connect to the spec-
       ified endpoint service.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-endpoint-service-permissions --service-id vpce-svc-03d5ebb7d9579a2b3 --add-allowed-principals '["arn:aws:iam::123456789012:root"]'

       Output:

          {
             "ReturnValue": true
          }

       This example adds permission for a specific IAM user (admin) to connect
       to the specified endpoint service.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-endpoint-service-permissions --service-id vpce-svc-03d5ebb7d9579a2b3 --add-allowed-principals '["arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/admin"]'

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                     MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PERMISSIONS()
