MODIFY-VPC-ATTRIBUTE()                                  MODIFY-VPC-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       modify-vpc-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies the specified attribute of the specified VPC.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-vpc-attribute
          [--enable-dns-hostnames | --no-enable-dns-hostnames]
          [--enable-dns-support | --no-enable-dns-support]
          --vpc-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --enable-dns-hostnames | --no-enable-dns-hostnames (structure)
          Indicates  whether  the  instances launched in the VPC get DNS host-
          names. If enabled, instances in the VPC get  DNS  hostnames;  other-
          wise, they do not.

          You cannot modify the DNS resolution and DNS hostnames attributes in
          the same request. Use separate requests for each attribute. You  can
          only enable DNS hostnames if you've enabled DNS support.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --enable-dns-support | --no-enable-dns-support (structure)
          Indicates  whether  the  DNS resolution is supported for the VPC. If
          enabled,  queries  to  the  Amazon  provided  DNS  server   at   the
          169.254.169.253  IP  address, or the reserved IP address at the base
          of the VPC network range "plus two" succeed. If disabled, the Amazon
          provided  DNS  service in the VPC that resolves public DNS hostnames
          to IP addresses is not enabled.

          You cannot modify the DNS resolution and DNS hostnames attributes in
          the same request. Use separate requests for each attribute.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify the enableDnsSupport attribute

       This  example  modifies  the enableDnsSupport attribute. This attribute
       indicates whether DNS resolution is enabled for the VPC. If this attri-
       bute is true, the Amazon DNS server resolves DNS hostnames for your in-
       stances to their corresponding IP addresses; otherwise, it does not. If
       the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-attribute --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2 --enable-dns-support "{\"Value\":false}"

       To modify the enableDnsHostnames attribute

       This  example modifies the enableDnsHostnames attribute. This attribute
       indicates whether instances launched in the VPC get DNS  hostnames.  If
       this  attribute is true, instances in the VPC get DNS hostnames; other-
       wise, they do not. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-attribute --vpc-id vpc-a01106c2 --enable-dns-hostnames "{\"Value\":false}"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        MODIFY-VPC-ATTRIBUTE()
