MODIFY-VPC-TENANCY()                                      MODIFY-VPC-TENANCY()



NAME
       modify-vpc-tenancy -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  instance tenancy attribute of the specified VPC. You can
       change the instance tenancy attribute of a VPC  to  default  only.  You
       cannot change the instance tenancy attribute to dedicated .

       After  you  modify  the  tenancy of the VPC, any new instances that you
       launch into the VPC have a tenancy of default , unless you specify oth-
       erwise  during launch. The tenancy of any existing instances in the VPC
       is not affected.

       For more information, see Dedicated Instances  in  the  Amazon  Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-vpc-tenancy
          --vpc-id <value>
          --instance-tenancy <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC.

       --instance-tenancy (string)
          The instance tenancy attribute for the VPC.

          Possible values:

          o default

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify the tenancy of a VPC

       This example modifies the tenancy of VPC vpc-1a2b3c4d to default.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-tenancy --vpc-id vpc-1a2b3c4d --instance-tenancy default

       Output:

          {
            "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, returns an error.



                                                          MODIFY-VPC-TENANCY()
