MODIFY-INSTANCE-PLACEMENT()                        MODIFY-INSTANCE-PLACEMENT()



NAME
       modify-instance-placement -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the placement attributes for a specified instance. You can do
       the following:

       o Modify the affinity between an instance and a Dedicated Host  .  When
         affinity  is  set  to  host and the instance is not associated with a
         specific Dedicated Host, the next time the instance is  launched,  it
         is  automatically  associated with the host on which it lands. If the
         instance is restarted or rebooted, this relationship persists.

       o Change the Dedicated Host with which an instance is associated.

       o Change the instance tenancy of an instance.

       o Move an instance to or from a placement group .

       At least one attribute for affinity, host  ID,  tenancy,  or  placement
       group  name  must be specified in the request. Affinity and tenancy can
       be modified in the same request.

       To modify the host ID, tenancy, placement group, or  partition  for  an
       instance, the instance must be in the stopped state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-instance-placement
          [--affinity <value>]
          [--group-name <value>]
          [--host-id <value>]
          --instance-id <value>
          [--tenancy <value>]
          [--partition-number <value>]
          [--host-resource-group-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --affinity (string)
          The affinity setting for the instance.

          Possible values:

          o default

          o host

       --group-name (string)
          The  name of the placement group in which to place the instance. For
          spread placement groups, the instance must have a tenancy of default
          . For cluster and partition placement groups, the instance must have
          a tenancy of default or dedicated .

          To remove an instance from  a  placement  group,  specify  an  empty
          string ("").

       --host-id (string)
          The ID of the Dedicated Host with which to associate the instance.

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance that you are modifying.

       --tenancy (string)
          The tenancy for the instance.

          NOTE:
              For T3 instances, you can't change the tenancy from dedicated to
              host , or from host to dedicated . Attempting  to  make  one  of
              these  unsupported tenancy changes results in the InvalidTenancy
              error code.

          Possible values:

          o dedicated

          o host

       --partition-number (integer)
          The number of the partition in which to place  the  instance.  Valid
          only if the placement group strategy is set to partition .

       --host-resource-group-arn (string)
          The ARN of the host resource group in which to place the instance.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To remove an instance's affinity with a Dedicated Host

       The  following  modify-instance-placement example removes an instance's
       affinity with a Dedicated Host and enables it to launch on  any  avail-
       able Dedicated Host in your account that supports its instance type.

          aws ec2 modify-instance-placement \
              --instance-id i-0e6ddf6187EXAMPLE \
              --affinity default

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       Example  2: To establish affinity between an instance and the specified
       Dedicated Host

       The following modify-instance-placement example  establishes  a  launch
       relationship  between an instance and a Dedicated Host. The instance is
       only able to run on the specified Dedicated Host.

          aws ec2 modify-instance-placement \
              --instance-id i-0e6ddf6187EXAMPLE \
              --affinity host \
              --host-id i-0e6ddf6187EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Modifying Instance Tenancy  and  Affinity  in
       the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

       Example 3: To move an instance to a placement group

       The  following modify-instance-placement example moves an instance to a
       placement group, stop the instance, modify the instance placement,  and
       then restart the instance.

          aws ec2 stop-instances \
              --instance-ids i-0123a456700123456

          aws ec2 modify-instance-placement \
              --instance-id i-0123a456700123456 \
              --group-name MySpreadGroup

          aws ec2 start-instances \
              --instance-ids i-0123a456700123456

       For  more information, see Changing the Placement Group for an Instance
       in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud Users Guide.

       Example 4: To remove an instance from a placement group

       The following modify-instance-placement  example  removes  an  instance
       from a placement group by stopping the instance, modifying the instance
       placement, and then restarting  the  instance.  The  following  example
       specifies an empty string ("") for the placement group name to indicate
       that the instance is not to be located in a placement group.

       Stop the instance:

          aws ec2 stop-instances \
              --instance-ids i-0123a456700123456

       Modify the placement (Windows Command Prompt, Linux, and macOS):

          aws ec2 modify-instance-placement \
              --instance-id i-0123a456700123456 \
              --group-name ""

       Modify the placement (Windows PowerShell):

          aws ec2 modify-instance-placement `
              --instance-id i-0123a456700123456 `
              --group-name """"

       Restart the instance:

          aws ec2 start-instances \
              --instance-ids i-0123a456700123456

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Modifying Instance Tenancy  and  Affinity  in
       the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Is true if the request succeeds, and an error otherwise.



                                                   MODIFY-INSTANCE-PLACEMENT()
