MODIFY-SNAPSHOT-TIER()                                  MODIFY-SNAPSHOT-TIER()



NAME
       modify-snapshot-tier -

DESCRIPTION
       Archives  an  Amazon  EBS  snapshot. When you archive a snapshot, it is
       converted to a full snapshot that includes all of the  blocks  of  data
       that  were  written to the volume at the time the snapshot was created,
       and moved from the standard tier to the archive tier. For more informa-
       tion,  see  Archive  Amazon EBS snapshots in the Amazon Elastic Compute
       Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-snapshot-tier
          --snapshot-id <value>
          [--storage-tier <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the snapshot.

       --storage-tier (string)
          The name of the storage tier. You must specify archive .

          Possible values:

          o archive

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To archive a snapshot

       The following modify-snapshot-tier example archives the specified snap-
       shot.

          aws ec2 modify-snapshot-tier \
              --snapshot-id snap-01234567890abcedf \
              --storage-tier archive

       Output:

          {
              "SnapshotId": "snap-01234567890abcedf",
              "TieringStartTime": "2021-09-15T16:44:37.574Z"
          }

       The TieringStartTime response parameter indicates the date and time  at
       which   the   archive   process   was   started,  in  UTC  time  format
       (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ).

       For more information about snapshot archiving, see Archive  Amazon  EBS
       snapshots in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.

OUTPUT
       SnapshotId -> (string)
          The ID of the snapshot.

       TieringStartTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the archive process was started.



                                                        MODIFY-SNAPSHOT-TIER()
