MODIFY-AVAILABILITY-ZONE-GROUP()              MODIFY-AVAILABILITY-ZONE-GROUP()



NAME
       modify-availability-zone-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  opt-in status of the Local Zone and Wavelength Zone group
       for your account.

       Use DescribeAvailabilityZones to view the value for GroupName .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-availability-zone-group
          --group-name <value>
          --opt-in-status <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The name of the Availability Zone group, Local Zone group, or  Wave-
          length Zone group.

       --opt-in-status (string)
          Indicates  whether you are opted in to the Local Zone group or Wave-
          length Zone group. The only valid value is opted-in . You must  con-
          tact Amazon Web Services Support to opt out of a Local Zone or Wave-
          length Zone group.

          Possible values:

          o opted-in

          o not-opted-in

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable a zone group

       The following modify-availability-zone-group example enables the speci-
       fied zone group.

          aws ec2 modify-availability-zone-group \
              --group-name us-west-2-lax-1 \
              --opt-in-status opted-in

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Regions and Zones in the Amazon Elastic  Com-
       pute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Is true if the request succeeds, and an error otherwise.



                                              MODIFY-AVAILABILITY-ZONE-GROUP()
