MODIFY-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()      MODIFY-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       modify-network-interface-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  specified  network  interface attribute. You can specify
       only one attribute at a time. You can use this action to attach and de-
       tach security groups from an existing EC2 instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-network-interface-attribute
          [--attachment <value>]
          [--description <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--groups <value>]
          --network-interface-id <value>
          [--source-dest-check | --no-source-dest-check]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attachment (structure)
          Information about the interface attachment. If modifying the 'delete
          on termination' attribute, you must specify the ID of the  interface
          attachment.

          AttachmentId -> (string)
              The ID of the network interface attachment.

          DeleteOnTermination -> (boolean)
              Indicates  whether the network interface is deleted when the in-
              stance is terminated.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          AttachmentId=string,DeleteOnTermination=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "AttachmentId": "string",
            "DeleteOnTermination": true|false
          }

       --description (structure)
          A description for the network interface.

          Value -> (string)
              The attribute value. The value is case-sensitive.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --groups (list)
          Changes  the  security groups for the network interface. The new set
          of groups you specify replaces the current set. You must specify  at
          least one group, even if it's just the default security group in the
          VPC. You must specify the ID of the security group, not the name.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --network-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the network interface.

       --source-dest-check | --no-source-dest-check (structure)
          Enable or disable source/destination checks, which ensure  that  the
          instance is either the source or the destination of any traffic that
          it receives. If the value is true ,  source/destination  checks  are
          enabled;  otherwise,  they are disabled. The default value is true .
          You must disable source/destination checks if the instance runs ser-
          vices such as network address translation, routing, or firewalls.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify the attachment attribute of a network interface

       This example command modifies the attachment attribute of the specified
       network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-network-interface-attribute --network-interface-id eni-686ea200 --attachment AttachmentId=eni-attach-43348162,DeleteOnTermination=false

       To modify the description attribute of a network interface

       This  example  command modifies the description attribute of the speci-
       fied network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-network-interface-attribute --network-interface-id eni-686ea200 --description "My description"

       To modify the groupSet attribute of a network interface

       This example command modifies the groupSet attribute of  the  specified
       network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-network-interface-attribute --network-interface-id eni-686ea200 --groups sg-903004f8 sg-1a2b3c4d

       To modify the sourceDestCheck attribute of a network interface

       This  example  command  modifies  the  sourceDestCheck attribute of the
       specified network interface.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-network-interface-attribute --network-interface-id eni-686ea200 --no-source-dest-check

OUTPUT
       None



                                          MODIFY-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()
