MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PAYER-RESPONSIBILITY()



NAME
       modify-vpc-endpoint-service-payer-responsibility -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies the payer responsibility for your VPC endpoint service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-vpc-endpoint-service-payer-responsibility
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --service-id <value>
          --payer-responsibility <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --service-id (string)
          The ID of the service.

       --payer-responsibility (string)
          The entity that is responsible for the endpoint costs.  The  default
          is  the  endpoint  owner. If you set the payer responsibility to the
          service owner, you cannot set it back to the endpoint owner.

          Possible values:

          o ServiceOwner

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                            MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PAYER-RESPONSIBILITY()
