MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NOMODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NOTIFICATION()



NAME
       modify-vpc-endpoint-connection-notification -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  a  connection  notification  for VPC endpoint or VPC endpoint
       service. You can change the SNS topic  for  the  notification,  or  the
       events for which to be notified.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-vpc-endpoint-connection-notification
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --connection-notification-id <value>
          [--connection-notification-arn <value>]
          [--connection-events <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --connection-notification-id (string)
          The ID of the notification.

       --connection-notification-arn (string)
          The ARN for the SNS topic for the notification.

       --connection-events (list)
          One or more events for the endpoint. Valid values are Accept ,  Con-
          nect , Delete , and Reject .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify an endpoint connection notification

       This example changes the SNS topic for the specified  endpoint  connec-
       tion notification.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-vpc-endpoint-connection-notification --connection-notification-id vpce-nfn-008776de7e03f5abc --connection-events Accept Reject --connection-notification-arn arn:aws:sns:us-east-2:123456789012:mytopic

       Output:

          {
             "ReturnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Returns  true  if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns an er-
          ror.



                                 MODIFY-VPC-ENDPOINT-CONNECTION-NOTIFICATION()
