MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()                    MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()



NAME
       modify-capacity-reservation -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  a  Capacity  Reservation's  capacity and the conditions under
       which it is to be released. You cannot change a Capacity  Reservation's
       instance  type,  EBS  optimization,  instance store settings, platform,
       Availability Zone, or instance eligibility. If you need to  modify  any
       of these attributes, we recommend that you cancel the Capacity Reserva-
       tion, and then create a new one with the required attributes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-capacity-reservation
          --capacity-reservation-id <value>
          [--instance-count <value>]
          [--end-date <value>]
          [--end-date-type <value>]
          [--accept | --no-accept]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--additional-info <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --capacity-reservation-id (string)
          The ID of the Capacity Reservation.

       --instance-count (integer)
          The number of instances for which to reserve capacity. The number of
          instances  can't  be  increased  or decreased by more than 1000 in a
          single request.

       --end-date (timestamp)
          The date and time at which the Capacity Reservation expires. When  a
          Capacity  Reservation expires, the reserved capacity is released and
          you can no longer launch instances into it.  The  Capacity  Reserva-
          tion's  state  changes  to  expired when it reaches its end date and
          time.

          The Capacity Reservation is cancelled within an hour from the speci-
          fied  time. For example, if you specify 5/31/2019, 13:30:55, the Ca-
          pacity  Reservation  is  guaranteed  to  end  between  13:30:55  and
          14:30:55 on 5/31/2019.

          You  must  provide an EndDate value if EndDateType is limited . Omit
          EndDate if EndDateType is unlimited .

       --end-date-type (string)
          Indicates the way in which the Capacity Reservation ends. A Capacity
          Reservation can have one of the following end types:

          o unlimited  - The Capacity Reservation remains active until you ex-
            plicitly cancel it. Do not provide an EndDate value if EndDateType
            is unlimited .

          o limited  -  The  Capacity  Reservation  expires automatically at a
            specified date and time. You must provide an EndDate value if End-
            DateType is limited .

          Possible values:

          o unlimited

          o limited

       --accept | --no-accept (boolean)
          Reserved. Capacity Reservations you have created are accepted by de-
          fault.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --additional-info (string)
          Reserved for future use.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example  1:  To  change the number of instances reserved by an existing
       capacity reservation

       The following modify-capacity-reservation example changes the number of
       instances for which the capacity reservation reserves capacity.

          aws ec2 modify-capacity-reservation \
              --capacity-reservation-id cr-1234abcd56EXAMPLE \
              --instance-count 5

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       Example  2:  To  change  the end date and time for an existing capacity
       reservation

       The following modify-capacity-reservation example modifies an  existing
       capacity reservation to end at the specified date and time.

          aws ec2 modify-capacity-reservation \
              --capacity-reservation-id cr-1234abcd56EXAMPLE \
              --end-date-type limited \
              --end-date 2019-08-31T23:59:59Z

       For  more information, see Modifying a Capacity Reservation in the Ama-
       zon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide for Linux Instances.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                                 MODIFY-CAPACITY-RESERVATION()
