MODIFY-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()                MODIFY-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()



NAME
       modify-ebs-default-kms-key-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the default KMS key for EBS encryption by default for your ac-
       count in this Region.

       Amazon Web Services creates a unique Amazon Web  Services  managed  KMS
       key  in  each  Region for use with encryption by default. If you change
       the default KMS key to a symmetric customer managed KMS key, it is used
       instead  of  the  Amazon Web Services managed KMS key. To reset the de-
       fault KMS key to the Amazon Web Services managed KMS key for  EBS,  use
       ResetEbsDefaultKmsKeyId  .  Amazon  EBS does not support asymmetric KMS
       keys.

       If you delete or disable the customer managed KMS key that  you  speci-
       fied  for  use  with encryption by default, your instances will fail to
       launch.

       For more information, see Amazon EBS encryption in the  Amazon  Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-ebs-default-kms-key-id
          --kms-key-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --kms-key-id (string)
          The  identifier  of  the Key Management Service (KMS) KMS key to use
          for Amazon EBS encryption. If this parameter is not specified,  your
          KMS  key  for  Amazon EBS is used. If KmsKeyId is specified, the en-
          crypted state must be true .

          You can specify the KMS key using any of the following:

          o Key ID. For example, 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.

          o Key alias. For example, alias/ExampleAlias.

          o Key                ARN.                For                example,
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:012345678910:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.

          o Alias               ARN.               For                example,
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:012345678910:alias/ExampleAlias.

          Amazon Web Services authenticates the KMS key asynchronously. There-
          fore, if you specify an ID, alias, or ARN that is not valid, the ac-
          tion can appear to complete, but eventually fails.

          Amazon EBS does not support asymmetric KMS keys.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set your default CMK for EBS encryption

       The following modify-ebs-default-kms-key-id example sets the  specified
       CMK  as  the default CMK for EBS encryption for your AWS account in the
       current Region.

          aws ec2 modify-ebs-default-kms-key-id \
              --kms-key-id alias/my-cmk

       Output:

          {
              "KmsKeyId": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/0ea3fef3-80a7-4778-9d8c-1c0c6EXAMPLE"
          }

OUTPUT
       KmsKeyId -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default KMS key for encryption
          by default.



                                               MODIFY-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()
