MODIFY-SUBNET-ATTRIBUTE()                            MODIFY-SUBNET-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       modify-subnet-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  a  subnet  attribute.  You can only modify one attribute at a
       time.

       Use this action to modify subnets on Amazon Web Services Outposts.

       o To modify a subnet on an Outpost rack, set both MapCustomerOwnedIpOn-
         Launch and CustomerOwnedIpv4Pool . These two parameters act as a sin-
         gle attribute.

       o To modify a subnet on an Outpost server, set either  EnableLniAtDevi-
         ceIndex or DisableLniAtDeviceIndex .

       For  more  information about Amazon Web Services Outposts, see the fol-
       lowing:

       o Outpost servers

       o Outpost racks

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-subnet-attribute
          [--assign-ipv6-address-on-creation | --no-assign-ipv6-address-on-creation]
          [--map-public-ip-on-launch | --no-map-public-ip-on-launch]
          --subnet-id <value>
          [--map-customer-owned-ip-on-launch | --no-map-customer-owned-ip-on-launch]
          [--customer-owned-ipv4-pool <value>]
          [--enable-dns64 | --no-enable-dns64]
          [--private-dns-hostname-type-on-launch <value>]
          [--enable-resource-name-dns-a-record-on-launch | --no-enable-resource-name-dns-a-record-on-launch]
          [--enable-resource-name-dns-aaaa-record-on-launch | --no-enable-resource-name-dns-aaaa-record-on-launch]
          [--enable-lni-at-device-index <value>]
          [--disable-lni-at-device-index | --no-disable-lni-at-device-index]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assign-ipv6-address-on-creation  |   --no-assign-ipv6-address-on-cre-
       ation (structure)
          Specify  true  to  indicate  that  network interfaces created in the
          specified subnet should be assigned an IPv6 address. This includes a
          network interface that's created when launching an instance into the
          subnet (the instance therefore receives an IPv6 address).

          If you enable the IPv6 addressing feature for your subnet, your net-
          work  interface  or  instance  only receives an IPv6 address if it's
          created using version 2016-11-15 or later of the Amazon EC2 API.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --map-public-ip-on-launch | --no-map-public-ip-on-launch (structure)
          Specify true to indicate that network  interfaces  attached  to  in-
          stances  created in the specified subnet should be assigned a public
          IPv4 address.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --subnet-id (string)
          The ID of the subnet.

       --map-customer-owned-ip-on-launch            |            --no-map-cus-
       tomer-owned-ip-on-launch (structure)
          Specify  true  to  indicate  that network interfaces attached to in-
          stances created in the specified subnet should be  assigned  a  cus-
          tomer-owned IPv4 address.

          When  this  value  is  true , you must specify the customer-owned IP
          pool using CustomerOwnedIpv4Pool .

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --customer-owned-ipv4-pool (string)
          The customer-owned IPv4 address pool associated with the subnet.

          You  must  set  this  value  when  you  specify  true  for   MapCus-
          tomerOwnedIpOnLaunch .

       --enable-dns64 | --no-enable-dns64 (structure)
          Indicates  whether  DNS  queries made to the Amazon-provided DNS Re-
          solver in this subnet should return  synthetic  IPv6  addresses  for
          IPv4-only destinations.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --private-dns-hostname-type-on-launch (string)
          The type of hostname to assign to instances in the subnet at launch.
          For IPv4-only and dual-stack (IPv4 and IPv6)  subnets,  an  instance
          DNS  name can be based on the instance IPv4 address (ip-name) or the
          instance ID (resource-name). For IPv6 only subnets, an instance  DNS
          name must be based on the instance ID (resource-name).

          Possible values:

          o ip-name

          o resource-name

       --enable-resource-name-dns-a-record-on-launch     |     --no-enable-re-
       source-name-dns-a-record-on-launch (structure)
          Indicates whether to respond to DNS queries for  instance  hostnames
          with DNS A records.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --enable-resource-name-dns-aaaa-record-on-launch    |   --no-enable-re-
       source-name-dns-aaaa-record-on-launch (structure)
          Indicates whether to respond to DNS queries for  instance  hostnames
          with DNS AAAA records.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --enable-lni-at-device-index (integer)
          Indicates  the  device position for local network interfaces in this
          subnet. For example, 1 indicates local network  interfaces  in  this
          subnet  are  the secondary network interface (eth1). A local network
          interface cannot be the primary network interface (eth0).

       --disable-lni-at-device-index    |     --no-disable-lni-at-device-index
       (structure)
          Specify  true  to indicate that local network interfaces at the cur-
          rent position should be disabled.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To change a subnet's public IPv4 addressing behavior

       This example modifies subnet-1a2b3c4d to  specify  that  all  instances
       launched  into  this  subnet are assigned a public IPv4 address. If the
       command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-subnet-attribute --subnet-id subnet-1a2b3c4d --map-public-ip-on-launch

       To change a subnet's IPv6 addressing behavior

       This example modifies subnet-1a2b3c4d to  specify  that  all  instances
       launched  into  this subnet are assigned an IPv6 address from the range
       of the subnet.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-subnet-attribute --subnet-id subnet-1a2b3c4d --assign-ipv6-address-on-creation

       For more information, see IP Addressing in Your VPC in the AWS  Virtual
       Private Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     MODIFY-SUBNET-ATTRIBUTE()
