MODIFY-VOLUME-ATTRIBUTE()                            MODIFY-VOLUME-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       modify-volume-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies a volume attribute.

       By  default,  all  I/O operations for the volume are suspended when the
       data on the volume is determined to  be  potentially  inconsistent,  to
       prevent  undetectable,  latent  data  corruption. The I/O access to the
       volume can be resumed by first enabling I/O access  and  then  checking
       the data consistency on your volume.

       You can change the default behavior to resume I/O operations. We recom-
       mend that you change this only for boot volumes or for volumes that are
       stateless or disposable.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-volume-attribute
          [--auto-enable-io | --no-auto-enable-io]
          --volume-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-enable-io | --no-auto-enable-io (structure)
          Indicates  whether  the volume should be auto-enabled for I/O opera-
          tions.

          Value -> (boolean)
              The attribute value. The valid values are true or false .

       --volume-id (string)
          The ID of the volume.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To modify a volume attribute

       This  example sets the autoEnableIo attribute of the volume with the ID
       vol-1234567890abcdef0 to true. If the command succeeds,  no  output  is
       returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 modify-volume-attribute --volume-id vol-1234567890abcdef0 --auto-enable-io

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     MODIFY-VOLUME-ATTRIBUTE()
