MONITOR-INSTANCES()                                        MONITOR-INSTANCES()



NAME
       monitor-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  detailed  monitoring  for a running instance. Otherwise, basic
       monitoring is enabled. For more information, see Monitor your instances
       using CloudWatch in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       To disable detailed monitoring, see .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            monitor-instances
          --instance-ids <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-ids (list)
          The IDs of the instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable detailed monitoring for an instance

       This example command enables detailed monitoring for the specified  in-
       stance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 monitor-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
            "InstanceMonitorings": [
                {
                    "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
                    "Monitoring": {
                        "State": "pending"
                    }
                }
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       InstanceMonitorings -> (list)
          The monitoring information.

          (structure)
              Describes the monitoring of an instance.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the instance.

              Monitoring -> (structure)
                 The monitoring for the instance.

                 State -> (string)
                     Indicates  whether detailed monitoring is enabled. Other-
                     wise, basic monitoring is enabled.



                                                           MONITOR-INSTANCES()
