MOVE-ADDRESS-TO-VPC()                                    MOVE-ADDRESS-TO-VPC()



NAME
       move-address-to-vpc -

DESCRIPTION
       Moves  an  Elastic  IP  address  from  the  EC2-Classic platform to the
       EC2-VPC platform. The Elastic IP address must be allocated to your  ac-
       count for more than 24 hours, and it must not be associated with an in-
       stance. After the Elastic IP address is moved, it is no  longer  avail-
       able for use in the EC2-Classic platform, unless you move it back using
       the  RestoreAddressToClassic request. You cannot move an Elastic IP ad-
       dress  that was originally allocated for use in the EC2-VPC platform to
       the EC2-Classic platform.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            move-address-to-vpc
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --public-ip <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --public-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To move an address to EC2-VPC

       This  example moves Elastic IP address 54.123.4.56 to the EC2-VPC plat-
       form.

       Command:

          aws ec2 move-address-to-vpc --public-ip 54.123.4.56

       Output:

          {
            "Status": "MoveInProgress"
          }

OUTPUT
       AllocationId -> (string)
          The allocation ID for the Elastic IP address.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the move of the IP address.



                                                         MOVE-ADDRESS-TO-VPC()
