REBOOT-INSTANCES()                                          REBOOT-INSTANCES()



NAME
       reboot-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Requests  a  reboot of the specified instances. This operation is asyn-
       chronous; it only queues a request to reboot the  specified  instances.
       The  operation  succeeds  if the instances are valid and belong to you.
       Requests to reboot terminated instances are ignored.

       If an instance does not cleanly shut down within a few minutes,  Amazon
       EC2 performs a hard reboot.

       For  more  information  about  troubleshooting, see Troubleshoot an un-
       reachable instance in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reboot-instances
          --instance-ids <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-ids (list)
          The instance IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reboot an Amazon EC2 instance

       This  example  reboots the specified instance. If the command succeeds,
       no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 reboot-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef5

       For more information, see Reboot Your Instance in  the  Amazon  Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            REBOOT-INSTANCES()
