REJECT-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()                REJECT-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()



NAME
       reject-vpc-peering-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Rejects  a  VPC  peering connection request. The VPC peering connection
       must be in the pending-acceptance state. Use  the   DescribeVpcPeering-
       Connections request to view your outstanding VPC peering connection re-
       quests. To delete an active VPC peering connection, or to delete a  VPC
       peering  connection  request that you initiated, use  DeleteVpcPeering-
       Connection .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reject-vpc-peering-connection
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --vpc-peering-connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --vpc-peering-connection-id (string)
          The ID of the VPC peering connection.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reject a VPC peering connection

       This example rejects the specified VPC peering connection request.

       Command:

          aws ec2 reject-vpc-peering-connection --vpc-peering-connection-id pcx-1a2b3c4d

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                               REJECT-VPC-PEERING-CONNECTION()
