RELEASE-IPAM-POOL-ALLOCATION()                  RELEASE-IPAM-POOL-ALLOCATION()



NAME
       release-ipam-pool-allocation -

DESCRIPTION
       Release an allocation within an IPAM pool. You can only use this action
       to release manual allocations. To remove an allocation for  a  resource
       without  deleting  the resource, set its monitored state to false using
       ModifyIpamResourceCidr . For more information, see Release  an  alloca-
       tion in the Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            release-ipam-pool-allocation
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --ipam-pool-id <value>
          --cidr <value>
          [--ipam-pool-allocation-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          A check for whether you have the required permissions for the action
          without actually making the request and provides an error  response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --ipam-pool-id (string)
          The ID of the IPAM pool which contains the allocation  you  want  to
          release.

       --cidr (string)
          The CIDR of the allocation you want to release.

       --ipam-pool-allocation-id (string)
          The ID of the allocation.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Success -> (boolean)
          Indicates if the release was successful.



                                                RELEASE-IPAM-POOL-ALLOCATION()
