RELEASE-HOSTS()                                                RELEASE-HOSTS()



NAME
       release-hosts -

DESCRIPTION
       When  you  no  longer want to use an On-Demand Dedicated Host it can be
       released. On-Demand billing is stopped and the host goes into  released
       state.  The  host  ID of Dedicated Hosts that have been released can no
       longer be specified in another request,  for  example,  to  modify  the
       host.  You must stop or terminate all instances on a host before it can
       be released.

       When Dedicated Hosts are released, it may take some time  for  them  to
       stop  counting  toward  your  limit and you may receive capacity errors
       when trying to allocate new Dedicated Hosts. Wait  a  few  minutes  and
       then try again.

       Released hosts still appear in a  DescribeHosts response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            release-hosts
          --host-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --host-ids (list)
          The IDs of the Dedicated Hosts to release.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To release a Dedicated host from your account

       To  release  a  Dedicated host from your account. Instances that are on
       the host must be stopped or terminated before the host can be released.

       Command:

          aws ec2 release-hosts --host-id=h-0029d6e3cacf1b3da

       Output:

          {
              "Successful":  [
                  "h-0029d6e3cacf1b3da"
                   ],
            "Unsuccessful": []

           }

OUTPUT
       Successful -> (list)
          The IDs of the Dedicated Hosts that were successfully released.

          (string)

       Unsuccessful -> (list)
          The IDs of the Dedicated Hosts that could not be released, including
          an error message.

          (structure)
              Information  about items that were not successfully processed in
              a batch call.

              Error -> (structure)
                 Information about the error.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The error code.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The error message accompanying the error code.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource.



                                                               RELEASE-HOSTS()
