RELEASE-ADDRESS()                                            RELEASE-ADDRESS()



NAME
       release-address -

DESCRIPTION
       Releases the specified Elastic IP address.

       [EC2-Classic,  default  VPC]  Releasing an Elastic IP address automati-
       cally disassociates it from any instance that it's associated with.  To
       disassociate  an Elastic IP address without releasing it, use  Disasso-
       ciateAddress .

       [Nondefault VPC] You must use  DisassociateAddress to disassociate  the
       Elastic IP address before you can release it. Otherwise, Amazon EC2 re-
       turns an error (InvalidIPAddress.InUse ).

       After releasing an Elastic IP address, it is released to the IP address
       pool.  Be  sure  to  update your DNS records and any servers or devices
       that communicate with the address. If you attempt to release an Elastic
       IP  address  that you already released, you'll get an AuthFailure error
       if the address is already allocated to another Amazon Web Services  ac-
       count.

       [EC2-VPC] After you release an Elastic IP address for use in a VPC, you
       might be able to recover it. For more information, see  AllocateAddress
       .

       For  more  information,  see Elastic IP Addresses in the Amazon Elastic
       Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            release-address
          [--allocation-id <value>]
          [--public-ip <value>]
          [--network-border-group <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --allocation-id (string)
          [EC2-VPC] The allocation ID. Required for EC2-VPC.

       --public-ip (string)
          [EC2-Classic] The Elastic IP address. Required for EC2-Classic.

       --network-border-group (string)
          The set of Availability Zones, Local Zones, or Wavelength Zones from
          which Amazon Web Services advertises IP addresses.

          If you provide an incorrect network border group, you receive an In-
          validAddress.NotFound error.

          You cannot use a network border group with EC2 Classic. If  you  at-
          tempt  this  operation on EC2 classic, you receive an InvalidParame-
          terCombination error.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To release an Elastic IP addresses for EC2-Classic

       This example releases an Elastic IP address for use with  instances  in
       EC2-Classic. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 release-address --public-ip 198.51.100.0

       To release an Elastic IP address for EC2-VPC

       This example releases an Elastic IP address for use with instances in a
       VPC. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 release-address --allocation-id eipalloc-64d5890a

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             RELEASE-ADDRESS()
