REPLACE-NETWORK-ACL-ASSOCIATION()            REPLACE-NETWORK-ACL-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       replace-network-acl-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  which network ACL a subnet is associated with. By default when
       you create a subnet, it's automatically  associated  with  the  default
       network  ACL. For more information, see Network ACLs in the Amazon Vir-
       tual Private Cloud User Guide .

       This is an idempotent operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            replace-network-acl-association
          --association-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --network-acl-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          The ID of the current association between the original  network  ACL
          and the subnet.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --network-acl-id (string)
          The ID of the new network ACL to associate with the subnet.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To replace the network ACL associated with a subnet

       This example associates the specified network ACL with the  subnet  for
       the specified network ACL association.

       Command:

          aws ec2 replace-network-acl-association --association-id aclassoc-e5b95c8c --network-acl-id acl-5fb85d36

       Output:

          {
              "NewAssociationId": "aclassoc-3999875b"
          }

OUTPUT
       NewAssociationId -> (string)
          The ID of the new association.



                                             REPLACE-NETWORK-ACL-ASSOCIATION()
