REPLACE-ROUTE-TABLE-ASSOCIATION()            REPLACE-ROUTE-TABLE-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       replace-route-table-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the route table associated with a given subnet, internet gate-
       way, or virtual private gateway in a  VPC.  After  the  operation  com-
       pletes,  the  subnet or gateway uses the routes in the new route table.
       For more information about route tables, see Route tables in the Amazon
       Virtual Private Cloud User Guide .

       You can also use this operation to change which table is the main route
       table in the VPC. Specify the main route table's association ID and the
       route table ID of the new main route table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            replace-route-table-association
          --association-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --route-table-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          The association ID.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --route-table-id (string)
          The ID of the new route table to associate with the subnet.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To replace the route table associated with a subnet

       This example associates the specified route table with the  subnet  for
       the specified route table association.

       Command:

          aws ec2 replace-route-table-association --association-id rtbassoc-781d0d1a --route-table-id rtb-22574640

       Output:

          {
              "NewAssociationId": "rtbassoc-3a1f0f58"
          }

OUTPUT
       NewAssociationId -> (string)
          The ID of the new association.

       AssociationState -> (structure)
          The state of the association.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the association.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              The status message, if applicable.



                                             REPLACE-ROUTE-TABLE-ASSOCIATION()
