REPORT-INSTANCE-STATUS()                              REPORT-INSTANCE-STATUS()



NAME
       report-instance-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Submits  feedback about the status of an instance. The instance must be
       in the running state. If your experience with the instance differs from
       the  instance  status  returned  by   DescribeInstanceStatus , use  Re-
       portInstanceStatus to report your experience with the instance.  Amazon
       EC2 collects this information to improve the accuracy of status checks.

       Use  of  this action does not change the value returned by  DescribeIn-
       stanceStatus .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            report-instance-status
          [--description <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--end-time <value>]
          --instances <value>
          --reason-codes <value>
          [--start-time <value>]
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --description (string)
          Descriptive text about the health state of your instance.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The time at which the reported instance health state ended.

       --instances (list)
          The instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --reason-codes (list)
          The reason codes that describe the health state of your instance.

          o instance-stuck-in-state : My instance is stuck in a state.

          o unresponsive : My instance is unresponsive.

          o not-accepting-credentials  :  My instance is not accepting my cre-
            dentials.

          o password-not-available : A password is not available  for  my  in-
            stance.

          o performance-network  :  My  instance  is  experiencing performance
            problems that I believe are network related.

          o performance-instance-store : My instance is  experiencing  perfor-
            mance problems that I believe are related to the instance stores.

          o performance-ebs-volume  :  My instance is experiencing performance
            problems that I believe are related to an EBS volume.

          o performance-other : My instance is experiencing performance  prob-
            lems.

          o other : [explain using the description parameter]

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            instance-stuck-in-state
            unresponsive
            not-accepting-credentials
            password-not-available
            performance-network
            performance-instance-store
            performance-ebs-volume
            performance-other
            other

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The time at which the reported instance health state began.

       --status (string)
          The status of all instances listed.

          Possible values:

          o ok

          o impaired

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To report status feedback for an instance

       This example command reports status  feedback  for  the  specified  in-
       stance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 report-instance-status --instances i-1234567890abcdef0 --status impaired --reason-codes unresponsive

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      REPORT-INSTANCE-STATUS()
