RESET-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()                                RESET-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       reset-image-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets an attribute of an AMI to its default value.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-image-attribute
          --attribute <value>
          --image-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attribute (string)
          The attribute to reset (currently you can only reset the launch per-
          mission attribute).

          Possible values:

          o launchPermission

       --image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reset the launchPermission attribute

       This  example  resets  the launchPermission attribute for the specified
       AMI to its default value. By default, AMIs are private. If the  command
       succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 reset-image-attribute --image-id ami-5731123e --attribute launchPermission

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       RESET-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()
