RESET-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()                  RESET-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()



NAME
       reset-ebs-default-kms-key-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets  the default KMS key for EBS encryption for your account in this
       Region to the Amazon Web Services managed KMS key for EBS.

       After resetting the default KMS key to the Amazon Web Services  managed
       KMS  key,  you can continue to encrypt by a customer managed KMS key by
       specifying it when you create the volume.  For  more  information,  see
       Amazon EBS encryption in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-ebs-default-kms-key-id
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reset your default CMK for EBS encryption

       The following reset-ebs-default-kms-key-id example resets  the  default
       CMK for EBS encryption for your AWS account in the current Region.

          aws ec2 reset-ebs-default-kms-key-id

       Output:

          {
             "KmsKeyId": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/8c5b2c63-b9bc-45a3-a87a-5513eEXAMPLE"
          }

OUTPUT
       KmsKeyId -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the default KMS key for EBS en-
          cryption by default.



                                                RESET-EBS-DEFAULT-KMS-KEY-ID()
