RESET-SNAPSHOT-ATTRIBUTE()                          RESET-SNAPSHOT-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       reset-snapshot-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets permission settings for the specified snapshot.

       For  more information about modifying snapshot permissions, see Share a
       snapshot in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-snapshot-attribute
          --attribute <value>
          --snapshot-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attribute (string)
          The attribute to reset. Currently, only the attribute for permission
          to create volumes can be reset.

          Possible values:

          o productCodes

          o createVolumePermission

       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the snapshot.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reset a snapshot attribute

       This  example  resets  the  create  volume  permissions  for   snapshot
       snap-1234567890abcdef0. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 reset-snapshot-attribute --snapshot-id snap-1234567890abcdef0 --attribute createVolumePermission

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    RESET-SNAPSHOT-ATTRIBUTE()
