RESET-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()        RESET-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       reset-network-interface-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets  a  network interface attribute. You can specify only one attri-
       bute at a time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-network-interface-attribute
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --network-interface-id <value>
          [--source-dest-check <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --network-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the network interface.

       --source-dest-check (string)
          The  source/destination checking attribute. Resets the value to true
          .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To reset a network interface attribute

       The  following  reset-network-interface-attribute  example  resets  the
       value of the source/destination checking attribute to true.

          aws ec2 reset-network-interface-attribute \
              --network-interface-id eni-686ea200 \
              --source-dest-check

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           RESET-NETWORK-INTERFACE-ATTRIBUTE()
