RESET-FPGA-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()                      RESET-FPGA-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       reset-fpga-image-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets the specified attribute of the specified Amazon FPGA Image (AFI)
       to its default value. You can only reset the load permission attribute.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-fpga-image-attribute
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --fpga-image-id <value>
          [--attribute <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --fpga-image-id (string)
          The ID of the AFI.

       --attribute (string)
          The attribute.

          Possible values:

          o loadPermission

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reset the attributes of an Amazon FPGA image

       This example resets the load permissions for the specified AFI.

       Command:

          aws ec2 reset-fpga-image-attribute --fpga-image-id afi-0d123e123bfc85abc --attribute loadPermission

       Output:

          {
            "Return": true
          }

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Is true if the request succeeds, and an error otherwise.



                                                  RESET-FPGA-IMAGE-ATTRIBUTE()
