RESTORE-ADDRESS-TO-CLASSIC()                      RESTORE-ADDRESS-TO-CLASSIC()



NAME
       restore-address-to-classic -

DESCRIPTION
       Restores an Elastic IP address that was previously moved to the EC2-VPC
       platform back to the EC2-Classic platform. You cannot move  an  Elastic
       IP  address that was originally allocated for use in EC2-VPC. The Elas-
       tic IP address must not be associated with an instance or  network  in-
       terface.

       NOTE:
          We  are  retiring  EC2-Classic on August 15, 2022. We recommend that
          you migrate from EC2-Classic to a VPC.  For  more  information,  see
          Migrate  from  EC2-Classic  to  a  VPC in the Amazon Elastic Compute
          Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            restore-address-to-classic
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --public-ip <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --public-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To restore an address to EC2-Classic

       This  example restores Elastic IP address 198.51.100.0 to the EC2-Clas-
       sic platform.

       Command:

          aws ec2 restore-address-to-classic --public-ip 198.51.100.0

       Output:

          {
            "Status": "MoveInProgress",
            "PublicIp": "198.51.100.0"
          }

OUTPUT
       PublicIp -> (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       Status -> (string)
          The move status for the IP address.



                                                  RESTORE-ADDRESS-TO-CLASSIC()
