RESTORE-IMAGE-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()              RESTORE-IMAGE-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()



NAME
       restore-image-from-recycle-bin -

DESCRIPTION
       Restores an AMI from the Recycle Bin. For more information, see Recycle
       Bin in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            restore-image-from-recycle-bin
          --image-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI to restore.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To restore an image from the Recycle Bin

       The  following  restore-image-from-recycle-bin  example  restores   AMI
       ami-0111222333444abcd from the Recycle Bin.

          aws ec2 restore-image-from-recycle-bin \
              --image-id ami-0111222333444abcd

       Output:

          {
              "Return": true
          }

       For more information, see Recover AMIs from the Recycle Bin in the Ama-
       zon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Return -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                                              RESTORE-IMAGE-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()
