RESTORE-SNAPSHOT-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()        RESTORE-SNAPSHOT-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()



NAME
       restore-snapshot-from-recycle-bin -

DESCRIPTION
       Restores  a  snapshot  from  the Recycle Bin. For more information, see
       Restore snapshots from the Recycle Bin in the  Amazon  Elastic  Compute
       Cloud User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            restore-snapshot-from-recycle-bin
          --snapshot-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the snapshot to restore.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To restore snapshots from the Recycle Bin

       The  following  restore-snapshot-from-recycle-bin  example  restores  a
       snapshot from the Recycle Bin. When you restore a snapshot from the Re-
       cycle Bin, the snapshot is immediately available for use, and it is re-
       moved from the Recycle Bin. You can use a restored snapshot in the same
       way that you use any other snapshot in your account.

          aws ec2 restore-snapshot-from-recycle-bin \
              --snapshot-id snap-01234567890abcdef

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information  about  Recycle  Bin for Amazon EBS, see Recover
       snapshots from the Recycle Bin in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.

OUTPUT
       SnapshotId -> (string)
          The ID of the snapshot.

       OutpostArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the Outpost on which the snapshot is stored. For more in-
          formation,  see Amazon EBS local snapshots on Outposts in the Amazon
          Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

       Description -> (string)
          The description for the snapshot.

       Encrypted -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the snapshot is encrypted.

       OwnerId -> (string)
          The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns  the  EBS  snap-
          shot.

       Progress -> (string)
          The progress of the snapshot, as a percentage.

       StartTime -> (timestamp)
          The time stamp when the snapshot was initiated.

       State -> (string)
          The state of the snapshot.

       VolumeId -> (string)
          The ID of the volume that was used to create the snapshot.

       VolumeSize -> (integer)
          The size of the volume, in GiB.



                                           RESTORE-SNAPSHOT-FROM-RECYCLE-BIN()
