SEND-DIAGNOSTIC-INTERRUPT()                        SEND-DIAGNOSTIC-INTERRUPT()



NAME
       send-diagnostic-interrupt -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  a  diagnostic  interrupt to the specified Amazon EC2 instance to
       trigger a kernel panic (on Linux instances), or a blue screen /stop er-
       ror  (on  Windows instances). For instances based on Intel and AMD pro-
       cessors, the interrupt is received as a non-maskable interrupt (NMI).

       In general, the operating system crashes  and  reboots  when  a  kernel
       panic or stop error is triggered. The operating system can also be con-
       figured to perform diagnostic tasks, such as generating a  memory  dump
       file, loading a secondary kernel, or obtaining a call trace.

       Before sending a diagnostic interrupt to your instance, ensure that its
       operating system is  configured  to  perform  the  required  diagnostic
       tasks.

       For  more information about configuring your operating system to gener-
       ate a crash dump when a kernel panic or stop error occurs, see  Send  a
       diagnostic  interrupt  (for advanced users) (Linux instances) or Send a
       diagnostic interrupt (for advanced users) (Windows instances).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-diagnostic-interrupt
          --instance-id <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To send a diagnostic interrupt

       The  following send-diagnostic-interrupt example sends a diagnostic in-
       terrupt to the specified instance.

          aws ec2 send-diagnostic-interrupt \
              --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   SEND-DIAGNOSTIC-INTERRUPT()
