START-INSTANCES()                                            START-INSTANCES()



NAME
       start-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts an Amazon EBS-backed instance that you've previously stopped.

       Instances  that  use  Amazon  EBS  volumes as their root devices can be
       quickly stopped and started. When an instance is stopped,  the  compute
       resources  are released and you are not billed for instance usage. How-
       ever, your root partition Amazon EBS volume remains  and  continues  to
       persist your data, and you are charged for Amazon EBS volume usage. You
       can restart your instance at any time. Every time you  start  your  in-
       stance, Amazon EC2 charges a one-minute minimum for instance usage, and
       thereafter charges per second for instance usage.

       Before stopping an instance, make sure it is in a state from  which  it
       can be restarted. Stopping an instance does not preserve data stored in
       RAM.

       Performing this operation on an instance that uses an instance store as
       its root device returns an error.

       If  you  attempt  to  start a T3 instance with host tenancy and the un-
       limted CPU credit option, the request fails. The unlimited  CPU  credit
       option  is  not  supported on Dedicated Hosts. Before you start the in-
       stance, either change its CPU credit option to standard , or change its
       tenancy to default or dedicated .

       For  more  information,  see Stop and start your instance in the Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-instances
          --instance-ids <value>
          [--additional-info <value>]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-ids (list)
          The IDs of the instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --additional-info (string)
          Reserved.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To start an Amazon EC2 instance

       This example starts the specified Amazon EBS-backed instance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 start-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "StartingInstances": [
                  {
                      "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
                      "CurrentState": {
                          "Code": 0,
                          "Name": "pending"
                      },
                      "PreviousState": {
                          "Code": 80,
                          "Name": "stopped"
                      }
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Stop and Start Your Instance in the Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       StartingInstances -> (list)
          Information about the started instances.

          (structure)
              Describes an instance state change.

              CurrentState -> (structure)
                 The current state of the instance.

                 Code -> (integer)
                     The state of the instance as a 16-bit unsigned integer.

                     The high  byte  is  all  of  the  bits  between  2^8  and
                     (2^16)-1,  which  equals  decimal  values between 256 and
                     65,535. These numerical values are used for internal pur-
                     poses and should be ignored.

                     The  low byte is all of the bits between 2^0 and (2^8)-1,
                     which equals decimal values between 0 and 255.

                     The valid values for instance-state-code will all  be  in
                     the range of the low byte and they are:

                     o 0 : pending

                     o 16 : running

                     o 32 : shutting-down

                     o 48 : terminated

                     o 64 : stopping

                     o 80 : stopped

                     You  can ignore the high byte value by zeroing out all of
                     the bits above 2^8 or 256 in decimal.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The current state of the instance.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the instance.

              PreviousState -> (structure)
                 The previous state of the instance.

                 Code -> (integer)
                     The state of the instance as a 16-bit unsigned integer.

                     The high  byte  is  all  of  the  bits  between  2^8  and
                     (2^16)-1,  which  equals  decimal  values between 256 and
                     65,535. These numerical values are used for internal pur-
                     poses and should be ignored.

                     The  low byte is all of the bits between 2^0 and (2^8)-1,
                     which equals decimal values between 0 and 255.

                     The valid values for instance-state-code will all  be  in
                     the range of the low byte and they are:

                     o 0 : pending

                     o 16 : running

                     o 32 : shutting-down

                     o 48 : terminated

                     o 64 : stopping

                     o 80 : stopped

                     You  can ignore the high byte value by zeroing out all of
                     the bits above 2^8 or 256 in decimal.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The current state of the instance.



                                                             START-INSTANCES()
