START-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICSTART-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PRIVATE-DNS-VERIFICATION()



NAME
       start-vpc-endpoint-service-private-dns-verification -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates  the  verification process to prove that the service provider
       owns the private DNS name domain for the endpoint service.

       The service provider must successfully perform the verification  before
       the consumer can use the name to access the service.

       Before  the  service provider runs this command, they must add a record
       to the DNS server. For more information, see Adding  a  TXT  Record  to
       Your Domain's DNS Server in the Amazon VPC User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-vpc-endpoint-service-private-dns-verification
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          --service-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks  whether  you  have  the required permissions for the action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If  you have the required permissions, the error response is DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --service-id (string)
          The ID of the endpoint service.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReturnValue -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the request succeeds; otherwise, it returns  an  er-
          ror.



                         START-VPC-ENDPOINT-SERVICE-PRIVATE-DNS-VERIFICATION()
