STOP-INSTANCES()                                              STOP-INSTANCES()



NAME
       stop-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops an Amazon EBS-backed instance.

       You can use the Stop action to hibernate an instance if the instance is
       enabled for hibernation and it meets the  hibernation  prerequisites  .
       For  more  information,  see  Hibernate your instance in the Amazon EC2
       User Guide .

       We don't charge usage for a stopped instance, or  data  transfer  fees;
       however, your root partition Amazon EBS volume remains and continues to
       persist your data, and you are charged for Amazon EBS volume usage. Ev-
       ery time you start your instance, Amazon EC2 charges a one-minute mini-
       mum for instance usage, and thereafter charges per second for  instance
       usage.

       You  can't stop or hibernate instance store-backed instances. You can't
       use the Stop action to hibernate Spot Instances, but  you  can  specify
       that  Amazon  EC2  should hibernate Spot Instances when they are inter-
       rupted. For more information,  see  Hibernating  interrupted  Spot  In-
       stances in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       When  you  stop  or  hibernate  an  instance,  we shut it down. You can
       restart your instance at any time. Before stopping  or  hibernating  an
       instance,  make  sure  it is in a state from which it can be restarted.
       Stopping an instance does not preserve data stored in RAM,  but  hiber-
       nating  an  instance  does  preserve data stored in RAM. If an instance
       cannot hibernate successfully, a normal shutdown occurs.

       Stopping and hibernating an instance is different to rebooting or  ter-
       minating  it.  For example, when you stop or hibernate an instance, the
       root device and any other devices attached  to  the  instance  persist.
       When  you  terminate an instance, the root device and any other devices
       attached during the instance launch are automatically deleted. For more
       information  about  the differences between rebooting, stopping, hiber-
       nating, and terminating instances, see Instance lifecycle in the Amazon
       EC2 User Guide .

       When  you stop an instance, we attempt to shut it down forcibly after a
       short while. If your instance appears stuck in the stopping state after
       a  period  of time, there may be an issue with the underlying host com-
       puter. For more information, see Troubleshoot stopping your instance in
       the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-instances
          --instance-ids <value>
          [--hibernate | --no-hibernate]
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-ids (list)
          The IDs of the instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --hibernate | --no-hibernate (boolean)
          Hibernates  the instance if the instance was enabled for hibernation
          at launch. If the instance cannot hibernate successfully,  a  normal
          shutdown  occurs.  For more information, see Hibernate your instance
          in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

          Default: false

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Forces  the instances to stop. The instances do not have an opportu-
          nity to flush file system caches or file system metadata. If you use
          this  option,  you  must perform file system check and repair proce-
          dures. This option is not recommended for Windows instances.

          Default: false

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop an Amazon EC2 instance

       This example stops the specified Amazon EBS-backed instance.

       Command:

          aws ec2 stop-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "StoppingInstances": [
                  {
                      "InstanceId": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
                      "CurrentState": {
                          "Code": 64,
                          "Name": "stopping"
                      },
                      "PreviousState": {
                          "Code": 16,
                          "Name": "running"
                      }
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Stop and Start Your Instance in the Amazon
       Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.

OUTPUT
       StoppingInstances -> (list)
          Information about the stopped instances.

          (structure)
              Describes an instance state change.

              CurrentState -> (structure)
                 The current state of the instance.

                 Code -> (integer)
                     The state of the instance as a 16-bit unsigned integer.

                     The high  byte  is  all  of  the  bits  between  2^8  and
                     (2^16)-1,  which  equals  decimal  values between 256 and
                     65,535. These numerical values are used for internal pur-
                     poses and should be ignored.

                     The  low byte is all of the bits between 2^0 and (2^8)-1,
                     which equals decimal values between 0 and 255.

                     The valid values for instance-state-code will all  be  in
                     the range of the low byte and they are:

                     o 0 : pending

                     o 16 : running

                     o 32 : shutting-down

                     o 48 : terminated

                     o 64 : stopping

                     o 80 : stopped

                     You  can ignore the high byte value by zeroing out all of
                     the bits above 2^8 or 256 in decimal.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The current state of the instance.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the instance.

              PreviousState -> (structure)
                 The previous state of the instance.

                 Code -> (integer)
                     The state of the instance as a 16-bit unsigned integer.

                     The high  byte  is  all  of  the  bits  between  2^8  and
                     (2^16)-1,  which  equals  decimal  values between 256 and
                     65,535. These numerical values are used for internal pur-
                     poses and should be ignored.

                     The  low byte is all of the bits between 2^0 and (2^8)-1,
                     which equals decimal values between 0 and 255.

                     The valid values for instance-state-code will all  be  in
                     the range of the low byte and they are:

                     o 0 : pending

                     o 16 : running

                     o 32 : shutting-down

                     o 48 : terminated

                     o 64 : stopping

                     o 80 : stopped

                     You  can ignore the high byte value by zeroing out all of
                     the bits above 2^8 or 256 in decimal.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The current state of the instance.



                                                              STOP-INSTANCES()
