UNASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()                UNASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()



NAME
       unassign-private-ip-addresses -

DESCRIPTION
       Unassigns  one  or  more secondary private IP addresses, or IPv4 Prefix
       Delegation prefixes from a network interface.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unassign-private-ip-addresses
          --network-interface-id <value>
          [--private-ip-addresses <value>]
          [--ipv4-prefixes <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the network interface.

       --private-ip-addresses (list)
          The secondary private IP addresses to unassign from the network  in-
          terface. You can specify this option multiple times to unassign more
          than one IP address.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --ipv4-prefixes (list)
          The IPv4 prefixes to unassign from the network interface.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To unassign a secondary private IP address from a network interface

       This example unassigns the specified private IP address from the speci-
       fied network interface. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws ec2 unassign-private-ip-addresses --network-interface-id eni-e5aa89a3 --private-ip-addresses 10.0.0.82

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UNASSIGN-PRIVATE-IP-ADDRESSES()
