WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()                                    WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       withdraw-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  advertising  an  address range that is provisioned as an address
       pool.

       You can perform this operation at most once every 10 seconds,  even  if
       you specify different address ranges each time.

       It  can  take  a  few minutes before traffic to the specified addresses
       stops routing to Amazon Web Services because of BGP propagation delays.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            withdraw-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The address range, in CIDR notation.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Checks whether you have the required  permissions  for  the  action,
          without actually making the request, and provides an error response.
          If you have the required permissions, the error response is  DryRun-
          Operation . Otherwise, it is UnauthorizedOperation .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop advertising an address range

       The  following withdraw-byoip-cidr example stops advertising the speci-
       fied address range.

          aws ec2 withdraw-byoip-cidr
              --cidr 203.0.113.25/24

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "203.0.113.25/24",
                  "StatusMessage": "ipv4pool-ec2-1234567890abcdef0",
                  "State": "advertised"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address pool.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the address range.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              Upon success, contains the ID of the  address  pool.  Otherwise,
              contains an error message.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.



                                                         WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()
