APPLY-SCHEMA()                                                  APPLY-SCHEMA()



NAME
       apply-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Copies  the  input published schema, at the specified version, into the
       Directory with the same name and  version  as  that  of  the  published
       schema.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            apply-schema
          --published-schema-arn <value>
          --directory-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --published-schema-arn (string)
          Published schema Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that needs to be copied.
          For more information, see  arns .

       --directory-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with  the   Direc-
          tory  into  which  the  schema  is copied. For more information, see
          arns .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AppliedSchemaArn -> (string)
          The applied schema ARN that is associated with the copied schema  in
          the   Directory . You can use this ARN to describe the schema infor-
          mation applied on this directory. For more information, see  arns .

       DirectoryArn -> (string)
          The ARN that is associated with the  Directory . For  more  informa-
          tion, see  arns .



                                                                APPLY-SCHEMA()
