CREATE-SCHEMA()                                                CREATE-SCHEMA()



NAME
       create-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new  schema  in  a development state. A schema can exist in
       three phases:

       o Development: This is a mutable phase of the schema. All  new  schemas
         are in the development phase. Once the schema is finalized, it can be
         published.

       o Published: Published schemas are immutable and have a version associ-
         ated with them.

       o Applied:  Applied schemas are mutable in a way that allows you to add
         new schema facets. You can also add new,  nonrequired  attributes  to
         existing  schema  facets. You can apply only published schemas to di-
         rectories.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-schema
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name that is associated with the schema. This is unique to  each
          account and in each region.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SchemaArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with  the  schema.
          For more information, see  arns .



                                                               CREATE-SCHEMA()
