CREATE-DIRECTORY()                                          CREATE-DIRECTORY()



NAME
       create-directory -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a   Directory  by copying the published schema into the direc-
       tory. A directory cannot be created without a schema.

       You can also quickly create a directory using a managed schema,  called
       the  QuickStartSchema . For more information, see Managed Schema in the
       Amazon Cloud Directory Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-directory
          --name <value>
          --schema-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the  Directory . Should be unique per account,  per  re-
          gion.

       --schema-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the published schema that will be
          copied into the data  Directory . For more information, see  arns .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DirectoryArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  that is associated with the  Directory . For more informa-
          tion, see  arns .

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the  Directory .

       ObjectIdentifier -> (string)
          The root object node of the created directory.

       AppliedSchemaArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the published schema in the  Directory . Once a published
          schema  is  copied  into the directory, it has its own ARN, which is
          referred to applied schema ARN. For more information, see  arns .



                                                            CREATE-DIRECTORY()
