DETACH-OBJECT()                                                DETACH-OBJECT()



NAME
       detach-object -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  a  given object from the parent object. The object that is to
       be detached from the parent is specified by the link name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-object
          --directory-arn <value>
          --parent-reference <value>
          --link-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with  the   Direc-
          tory where objects reside. For more information, see  arns .

       --parent-reference (structure)
          The  parent  reference from which the object with the specified link
          name is detached.

          Selector -> (string)
              A path selector supports easy selection of an object by the par-
              ent/child  links  leading to it from the directory root. Use the
              link names from each parent/child link to  construct  the  path.
              Path  selectors  start with a slash (/) and link names are sepa-
              rated by slashes. For more information about paths,  see  Access
              Objects  .  You  can  identify an object in one of the following
              ways:

              o $ObjectIdentifier - An object identifier is an  opaque  string
                provided by Amazon Cloud Directory. When creating objects, the
                system will provide you with the identifier of the created ob-
                ject.  An  objects  identifier is immutable and no two objects
                will ever share the same object identifier. To identify an ob-
                ject  with  ObjectIdentifier,  the  ObjectIdentifier  must  be
                wrapped in double quotes.

              o /some/path - Identifies the object based on path

              o #SomeBatchReference - Identifies the object in a batch call

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Selector=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Selector": "string"
          }

       --link-name (string)
          The link name associated with the object that needs to be detached.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DetachedObjectIdentifier -> (string)
          The ObjectIdentifier that was detached from the object.



                                                               DETACH-OBJECT()
