GET-TYPED-LINK-FACET-INFORMATION()          GET-TYPED-LINK-FACET-INFORMATION()



NAME
       get-typed-link-facet-information -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  identity attribute order for a specific  TypedLinkFacet .
       For more information, see Typed Links .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-typed-link-facet-information
          --schema-arn <value>
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --schema-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with  the  schema.
          For more information, see  arns .

       --name (string)
          The unique name of the typed link facet.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IdentityAttributeOrder -> (list)
          The  order  of identity attributes for the facet, from most signifi-
          cant to least significant. The ability to filter typed links consid-
          ers  the  order  that  the  attributes are defined on the typed link
          facet. When providing ranges to typed link  selection,  any  inexact
          ranges must be specified at the end. Any attributes that do not have
          a range specified are presumed to match the  entire  range.  Filters
          are  interpreted  in  the  order of the attributes on the typed link
          facet, not the order in which they are supplied to  any  API  calls.
          For more information about identity attributes, see Typed Links .

          (string)



                                            GET-TYPED-LINK-FACET-INFORMATION()
