GET-FACET()                                                        GET-FACET()



NAME
       get-facet -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  details  of the  Facet , such as facet name, attributes,  Rule s,
       or ObjectType . You can call this on all kinds of schema facets -- pub-
       lished, development, or applied.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-facet
          --schema-arn <value>
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --schema-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with the  Facet .
          For more information, see  arns .

       --name (string)
          The name of the facet to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Facet -> (structure)
          The  Facet structure that is associated with the facet.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the  Facet .

          ObjectType -> (string)
              The object type that is associated with the facet. See   Create-
              FacetRequest$ObjectType for more details.

          FacetStyle -> (string)
              There  are two different styles that you can define on any given
              facet, Static and Dynamic . For static  facets,  all  attributes
              must  be  defined  in the schema. For dynamic facets, attributes
              can be defined during data plane operations.



                                                                   GET-FACET()
