LIST-OBJECT-POLICIES()                                  LIST-OBJECT-POLICIES()



NAME
       list-object-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns policies attached to an object in pagination fashion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-object-policies  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: AttachedPolicyIds

SYNOPSIS
            list-object-policies
          --directory-arn <value>
          --object-reference <value>
          [--consistency-level <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with  the   Direc-
          tory where objects reside. For more information, see  arns .

       --object-reference (structure)
          Reference  that  identifies  the  object  for which policies will be
          listed.

          Selector -> (string)
              A path selector supports easy selection of an object by the par-
              ent/child  links  leading to it from the directory root. Use the
              link names from each parent/child link to  construct  the  path.
              Path  selectors  start with a slash (/) and link names are sepa-
              rated by slashes. For more information about paths,  see  Access
              Objects  .  You  can  identify an object in one of the following
              ways:

              o $ObjectIdentifier - An object identifier is an  opaque  string
                provided by Amazon Cloud Directory. When creating objects, the
                system will provide you with the identifier of the created ob-
                ject.  An  objects  identifier is immutable and no two objects
                will ever share the same object identifier. To identify an ob-
                ject  with  ObjectIdentifier,  the  ObjectIdentifier  must  be
                wrapped in double quotes.

              o /some/path - Identifies the object based on path

              o #SomeBatchReference - Identifies the object in a batch call

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Selector=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Selector": "string"
          }

       --consistency-level (string)
          Represents the manner and timing in which the  successful  write  or
          update  of  an object is reflected in a subsequent read operation of
          that same object.

          Possible values:

          o SERIALIZABLE

          o EVENTUAL

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AttachedPolicyIds -> (list)
          A  list  of  policy ObjectIdentifiers , that are attached to the ob-
          ject.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token.



                                                        LIST-OBJECT-POLICIES()
