LIST-POLICY-ATTACHMENTS()                            LIST-POLICY-ATTACHMENTS()



NAME
       list-policy-attachments -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  all  of  the  ObjectIdentifiers to which a given policy is at-
       tached.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-policy-attachments is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: ObjectIdentifiers

SYNOPSIS
            list-policy-attachments
          --directory-arn <value>
          --policy-reference <value>
          [--consistency-level <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with the  Direc-
          tory where objects reside. For more information, see  arns .

       --policy-reference (structure)
          The reference that identifies the policy object.

          Selector -> (string)
              A path selector supports easy selection of an object by the par-
              ent/child  links  leading to it from the directory root. Use the
              link names from each parent/child link to  construct  the  path.
              Path  selectors  start with a slash (/) and link names are sepa-
              rated by slashes. For more information about paths,  see  Access
              Objects  .  You  can  identify an object in one of the following
              ways:

              o $ObjectIdentifier - An object identifier is an  opaque  string
                provided by Amazon Cloud Directory. When creating objects, the
                system will provide you with the identifier of the created ob-
                ject.  An  objects  identifier is immutable and no two objects
                will ever share the same object identifier. To identify an ob-
                ject  with  ObjectIdentifier,  the  ObjectIdentifier  must  be
                wrapped in double quotes.

              o /some/path - Identifies the object based on path

              o #SomeBatchReference - Identifies the object in a batch call

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Selector=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Selector": "string"
          }

       --consistency-level (string)
          Represents the manner and timing in which the  successful  write  or
          update  of  an object is reflected in a subsequent read operation of
          that same object.

          Possible values:

          o SERIALIZABLE

          o EVENTUAL

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ObjectIdentifiers -> (list)
          A list of ObjectIdentifiers to which the policy is attached.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token.



                                                     LIST-POLICY-ATTACHMENTS()
