UPGRADE-APPLIED-SCHEMA()                              UPGRADE-APPLIED-SCHEMA()



NAME
       upgrade-applied-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Upgrades  a single directory in-place using the PublishedSchemaArn with
       schema updates found in MinorVersion . Backwards-compatible minor  ver-
       sion  upgrades are instantaneously available for readers on all objects
       in the directory. Note: This is a synchronous  API  call  and  upgrades
       only  one schema on a given directory per call. To upgrade multiple di-
       rectories from one schema, you would need to call this API on each  di-
       rectory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upgrade-applied-schema
          --published-schema-arn <value>
          --directory-arn <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --published-schema-arn (string)
          The revision of the published schema to upgrade the directory to.

       --directory-arn (string)
          The  ARN  for the directory to which the upgraded schema will be ap-
          plied.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Used for testing whether the major version schemas are backward com-
          patible or not. If schema compatibility fails, an exception would be
          thrown else the call would succeed but no  changes  will  be  saved.
          This parameter is optional.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpgradedSchemaArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  of the upgraded schema that is returned as part of the re-
          sponse.

       DirectoryArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the directory that is returned as part of the response.



                                                      UPGRADE-APPLIED-SCHEMA()
