UPGRADE-PUBLISHED-SCHEMA()                          UPGRADE-PUBLISHED-SCHEMA()



NAME
       upgrade-published-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Upgrades  a  published  schema under a new minor version revision using
       the current contents of DevelopmentSchemaArn .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upgrade-published-schema
          --development-schema-arn <value>
          --published-schema-arn <value>
          --minor-version <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --development-schema-arn (string)
          The ARN of the development schema with the changes used for the  up-
          grade.

       --published-schema-arn (string)
          The ARN of the published schema to be upgraded.

       --minor-version (string)
          Identifies  the  minor  version of the published schema that will be
          created. This parameter is NOT optional.

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Used for testing whether the Development schema  provided  is  back-
          wards  compatible,  or  not, with the publish schema provided by the
          user to be upgraded. If schema  compatibility  fails,  an  exception
          would  be  thrown else the call would succeed. This parameter is op-
          tional and defaults to false.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpgradedSchemaArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  of the upgraded schema that is returned as part of the re-
          sponse.



                                                    UPGRADE-PUBLISHED-SCHEMA()
