CHECK-IF-PHONE-NUMBER-IS-OPTED-OUT()      CHECK-IF-PHONE-NUMBER-IS-OPTED-OUT()



NAME
       check-if-phone-number-is-opted-out -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts a phone number and indicates whether the phone holder has opted
       out of receiving SMS messages from your Amazon  Web  Services  account.
       You cannot send SMS messages to a number that is opted out.

       To resume sending messages, you can opt in the number by using the Opt-
       InPhoneNumber action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            check-if-phone-number-is-opted-out
          --phone-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number (string)
          The phone number for which you want to check the opt out status.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To check SMS message opt-out for a phone number

       The following check-if-phone-number-is-opted-out example checks whether
       the  specified phone number is opted out of receiving SMS messages from
       the current AWS account.

          aws sns check-if-phone-number-is-opted-out \
              --phone-number 555-555-0100

       Output:

          {
              "isOptedOut": false
          }

OUTPUT
       isOptedOut -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the phone number is opted out:

          o true  The phone number is opted out, meaning  you  cannot  publish
            SMS messages to it.

          o false   The  phone number is opted in, meaning you can publish SMS
            messages to it.



                                          CHECK-IF-PHONE-NUMBER-IS-OPTED-OUT()
