CREATE-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()            CREATE-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       create-sms-sandbox-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a  destination  phone number to an Amazon Web Services account in
       the SMS sandbox and sends a one-time password (OTP) to that phone  num-
       ber.

       When  you  start using Amazon SNS to send SMS messages, your Amazon Web
       Services account is in the SMS sandbox . The  SMS  sandbox  provides  a
       safe  environment  for  you  to try Amazon SNS features without risking
       your reputation as an SMS sender. While your Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
       count  is in the SMS sandbox, you can use all of the features of Amazon
       SNS. However, you can send SMS messages only  to  verified  destination
       phone  numbers.  For more information, including how to move out of the
       sandbox to send messages without restrictions, see SMS sandbox  in  the
       Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-sms-sandbox-phone-number
          --phone-number <value>
          [--language-code <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number (string)
          The  destination phone number to verify. On verification, Amazon SNS
          adds this phone number to the list of verified  phone  numbers  that
          you can send SMS messages to.

       --language-code (string)
          The  language to use for sending the OTP. The default value is en-US
          .

          Possible values:

          o en-US

          o en-GB

          o es-419

          o es-ES

          o de-DE

          o fr-CA

          o fr-FR

          o it-IT

          o ja-JP

          o pt-BR

          o kr-KR

          o zh-CN

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             CREATE-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()
