DELETE-ENDPOINT()                                            DELETE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the endpoint for a device and mobile app from Amazon SNS. This
       action is idempotent. For more information, see Using Amazon SNS Mobile
       Push Notifications .

       When  you  delete  an endpoint that is also subscribed to a topic, then
       you must also unsubscribe the endpoint from the topic.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-endpoint
          --endpoint-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-arn (string)
          EndpointArn of endpoint to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a platform application endpoint

       The following delete-endpoint example deletes  the  specified  platform
       application endpoint.

          aws sns delete-endpoint \
              --endpoint-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/MyApplication/12345678-abcd-9012-efgh-345678901234

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-ENDPOINT()
