DELETE-TOPIC()                                                  DELETE-TOPIC()



NAME
       delete-topic -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a topic and all its subscriptions. Deleting a topic might pre-
       vent some messages previously sent to the topic from being delivered to
       subscribers.  This  action is idempotent, so deleting a topic that does
       not exist does not result in an error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-topic
          --topic-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --topic-arn (string)
          The ARN of the topic you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an SNS topic

       The following delete-topic example deletes the specified SNS topic.

          aws sns delete-topic \
              --topic-arn "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-topic"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-TOPIC()
