GET-SMS-SANDBOX-ACCOUNT-STATUS()              GET-SMS-SANDBOX-ACCOUNT-STATUS()



NAME
       get-sms-sandbox-account-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  SMS  sandbox status for the calling Amazon Web Services
       account in the target Amazon Web Services Region.

       When you start using Amazon SNS to send SMS messages, your  Amazon  Web
       Services  account  is  in  the SMS sandbox . The SMS sandbox provides a
       safe environment for you to try Amazon  SNS  features  without  risking
       your  reputation  as  an SMS sender. While your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count is in the SMS sandbox, you can use all of the features of  Amazon
       SNS.  However,  you  can send SMS messages only to verified destination
       phone numbers. For more information, including how to move out  of  the
       sandbox  to  send messages without restrictions, see SMS sandbox in the
       Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-sms-sandbox-account-status
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IsInSandbox -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the calling Amazon Web Services account is in  the
          SMS sandbox.



                                              GET-SMS-SANDBOX-ACCOUNT-STATUS()
