GET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()                            GET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       get-endpoint-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the endpoint attributes for a device on one of the supported
       push notification services, such as GCM (Firebase Cloud Messaging)  and
       APNS.  For more information, see Using Amazon SNS Mobile Push Notifica-
       tions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-endpoint-attributes
          --endpoint-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-arn (string)
          EndpointArn for GetEndpointAttributes input.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list platform application endpoint attributes

       The following get-endpoint-attributes example lists the attributes  for
       the specified platform application endpoint.

          aws sns get-endpoint-attributes \
              --endpoint-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/MyApplication/12345678-abcd-9012-efgh-345678901234

       Output:

          {
              "Attributes": {
                  "Enabled": "true",
                  "Token": "EXAMPLE12345..."
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       Attributes -> (map)
          Attributes include the following:

          o CustomUserData   arbitrary  user  data  to associate with the end-
            point. Amazon SNS does not use this data.  The  data  must  be  in
            UTF-8 format and less than 2KB.

          o Enabled  flag that enables/disables delivery to the endpoint. Ama-
            zon SNS will set this to false when a notification  service  indi-
            cates to Amazon SNS that the endpoint is invalid. Users can set it
            back to true, typically after updating Token.

          o Token  device token, also referred to as a registration id, for an
            app and mobile device. This is returned from the notification ser-
            vice when an app and mobile device are registered with the notifi-
            cation service.

          NOTE:
              The device token for the iOS platform is returned in lowercase.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                     GET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()
