LIST-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBERS()              LIST-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBERS()



NAME
       list-sms-sandbox-phone-numbers -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  calling  Amazon Web Services account's current verified and
       pending destination phone numbers in the SMS sandbox.

       When you start using Amazon SNS to send SMS messages, your  Amazon  Web
       Services  account  is  in  the SMS sandbox . The SMS sandbox provides a
       safe environment for you to try Amazon  SNS  features  without  risking
       your  reputation  as  an SMS sender. While your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count is in the SMS sandbox, you can use all of the features of  Amazon
       SNS.  However,  you  can send SMS messages only to verified destination
       phone numbers. For more information, including how to move out  of  the
       sandbox  to  send messages without restrictions, see SMS sandbox in the
       Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-sms-sandbox-phone-numbers is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: PhoneNumbers

SYNOPSIS
            list-sms-sandbox-phone-numbers
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumbers -> (list)
          A list of the calling account's pending and verified phone numbers.

          (structure)
              A  verified or pending destination phone number in the SMS sand-
              box.

              When you start using Amazon SNS to send SMS messages, your  Ama-
              zon Web Services account is in the SMS sandbox . The SMS sandbox
              provides a safe environment for you to try Amazon  SNS  features
              without  risking  your  reputation  as an SMS sender. While your
              Amazon Web Services account is in the SMS sandbox, you  can  use
              all  of  the  features  of Amazon SNS. However, you can send SMS
              messages only to verified destination phone  numbers.  For  more
              information,  including  how  to move out of the sandbox to send
              messages without restrictions, see SMS sandbox in the Amazon SNS
              Developer Guide .

              PhoneNumber -> (string)
                 The destination phone number.

              Status -> (string)
                 The destination phone number's verification status.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  NextToken string is returned when you call the ListSMSSandboxPho-
          neNumbersInput operation if additional pages of records  are  avail-
          able.



                                              LIST-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBERS()
