LIST-TOPICS()                                                    LIST-TOPICS()



NAME
       list-topics -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list of the requester's topics. Each call returns a limited
       list of topics, up to 100. If there are more  topics,  a  NextToken  is
       also  returned. Use the NextToken parameter in a new ListTopics call to
       get further results.

       This action is throttled at 30 transactions per second (TPS).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-topics is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Topics

SYNOPSIS
            list-topics
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list your SNS topics

       The  following  list-topics example lists all of SNS topics in your AWS
       account.

          aws sns list-topics

       Output:

          {
              "Topics": [
                  {
                      "TopicArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-topic"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Topics -> (list)
          A list of topic ARNs.

          (structure)
              A wrapper type for the topic's Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN).  To
              retrieve a topic's attributes, use GetTopicAttributes .

              TopicArn -> (string)
                 The topic's ARN.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Token  to pass along to the next ListTopics request. This element is
          returned if there are additional topics to retrieve.



                                                                 LIST-TOPICS()
