LIST-SUBSCRIPTIONS()                                      LIST-SUBSCRIPTIONS()



NAME
       list-subscriptions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of the requester's subscriptions. Each call returns a
       limited list of subscriptions, up to 100. If there are  more  subscrip-
       tions,  a  NextToken is also returned. Use the NextToken parameter in a
       new ListSubscriptions call to get further results.

       This action is throttled at 30 transactions per second (TPS).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-subscriptions is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Subscriptions

SYNOPSIS
            list-subscriptions
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list your SNS subscriptions

       The  following  list-subscriptions  example  displays a list of the SNS
       subscriptions in your AWS account.

          aws sns list-subscriptions

       Output:

          {
              "Subscriptions": [
                  {
                      "Owner": "123456789012",
                      "Endpoint": "my-email@example.com",
                      "Protocol": "email",
                      "TopicArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-topic",
                      "SubscriptionArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-topic:8a21d249-4329-4871-acc6-7be709c6ea7f"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Subscriptions -> (list)
          A list of subscriptions.

          (structure)
              A wrapper type for the attributes of an Amazon SNS subscription.

              SubscriptionArn -> (string)
                 The subscription's ARN.

              Owner -> (string)
                 The subscription's owner.

              Protocol -> (string)
                 The subscription's protocol.

              Endpoint -> (string)
                 The subscription's endpoint (format depends on the protocol).

              TopicArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the subscription's topic.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Token to pass along to the next ListSubscriptions request. This ele-
          ment is returned if there are more subscriptions to retrieve.



                                                          LIST-SUBSCRIPTIONS()
