OPT-IN-PHONE-NUMBER()                                    OPT-IN-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       opt-in-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  this request to opt in a phone number that is opted out, which en-
       ables you to resume sending SMS messages to the number.

       You can opt in a phone number only once every 30 days.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            opt-in-phone-number
          --phone-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number (string)
          The phone number to opt in. Use E.164 format.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To opt-in for SMS messages

       The following opt-in-phone-number example opts the specified phone num-
       ber into receiving SMS messages.

          aws sns opt-in-phone-number \
              --phone-number +15555550100

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         OPT-IN-PHONE-NUMBER()
