SET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()                            SET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       set-endpoint-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the  attributes  for  an endpoint for a device on one of the sup-
       ported push notification services, such as GCM (Firebase Cloud  Messag-
       ing)  and  APNS. For more information, see Using Amazon SNS Mobile Push
       Notifications .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-endpoint-attributes
          --endpoint-arn <value>
          --attributes <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-arn (string)
          EndpointArn used for SetEndpointAttributes action.

       --attributes (map)
          A map of the endpoint attributes. Attributes in this map include the
          following:

          o CustomUserData   arbitrary  user  data  to associate with the end-
            point. Amazon SNS does not use this data.  The  data  must  be  in
            UTF-8 format and less than 2KB.

          o Enabled  flag that enables/disables delivery to the endpoint. Ama-
            zon SNS will set this to false when a notification  service  indi-
            cates to Amazon SNS that the endpoint is invalid. Users can set it
            back to true, typically after updating Token.

          o Token  device token, also referred to as a registration id, for an
            app and mobile device. This is returned from the notification ser-
            vice when an app and mobile device are registered with the notifi-
            cation service.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set endpoint attributes

       The  following  set-endpoint-attributes  example disables the specified
       platform application endpoint.

          aws sns get-endpoint-attributes \
              --endpoint-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint/GCM/MyApplication/12345678-abcd-9012-efgh-345678901234 \
              --attributes Enabled=false

       Output:

          {
              "Attributes": {
                  "Enabled": "false",
                  "Token": "EXAMPLE12345..."
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     SET-ENDPOINT-ATTRIBUTES()
