SET-SMS-ATTRIBUTES()                                      SET-SMS-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       set-sms-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  this  request to set the default settings for sending SMS messages
       and receiving daily SMS usage reports.

       You can override some of these settings for a single message  when  you
       use  the  Publish  action with the MessageAttributes.entry.N parameter.
       For more information, see Publishing to a mobile phone  in  the  Amazon
       SNS Developer Guide .

       NOTE:
          To use this operation, you must grant the Amazon SNS service princi-
          pal (sns.amazonaws.com ) permission to perform the s3:ListBucket ac-
          tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            set-sms-attributes
          --attributes <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attributes (map)
          The  default  settings for sending SMS messages from your Amazon Web
          Services account. You can set values  for  the  following  attribute
          names:
              MonthlySpendLimit   The maximum amount in USD that you are will-
              ing to spend each month to send SMS messages.  When  Amazon  SNS
              determines  that  sending an SMS message would incur a cost that
              exceeds this limit, it stops sending SMS  messages  within  min-
              utes.

          WARNING:
              Amazon  SNS  stops  sending  SMS  messages within minutes of the
              limit being crossed. During that interval, if  you  continue  to
              send SMS messages, you will incur costs that exceed your limit.

          By  default, the spend limit is set to the maximum allowed by Amazon
          SNS. If you want to raise the limit, submit an  SNS  Limit  Increase
          case . For New limit value , enter your desired monthly spend limit.
          In the Use Case Description field, explain that you  are  requesting
          an SMS monthly spend limit increase.
              DeliveryStatusIAMRole   The ARN of the IAM role that allows Ama-
              zon SNS to write logs about SMS deliveries in  CloudWatch  Logs.
              For each SMS message that you send, Amazon SNS writes a log that
              includes the message price, the success or failure  status,  the
              reason  for  failure  (if the message failed), the message dwell
              time, and other information.

              DeliveryStatusSuccessSamplingRate  The percentage of  successful
              SMS  deliveries  for  which Amazon SNS will write logs in Cloud-
              Watch Logs. The value can be an integer from 0 - 100. For  exam-
              ple, to write logs only for failed deliveries, set this value to
              0 . To write logs for 10% of your successful deliveries, set  it
              to 10 .

              DefaultSenderID   A string, such as your business brand, that is
              displayed as the sender on the  receiving  device.  Support  for
              sender  IDs  varies  by country. The sender ID can be 1 - 11 al-
              phanumeric characters, and it must contain at least one letter.

              DefaultSMSType  The type of SMS message that you  will  send  by
              default. You can assign the following values:

          o Promotional   (Default)  Noncritical  messages,  such as marketing
            messages. Amazon SNS optimizes the message delivery to  incur  the
            lowest cost.

          o Transactional   Critical  messages  that support customer transac-
            tions, such as one-time passcodes for multi-factor authentication.
            Amazon  SNS  optimizes the message delivery to achieve the highest
            reliability.
              UsageReportS3Bucket  The name of the Amazon S3 bucket to receive
              daily  SMS  usage  reports from Amazon SNS. Each day, Amazon SNS
              will deliver a usage report as a CSV file to the bucket. The re-
              port  includes  the  following  information for each SMS message
              that was successfully delivered by your Amazon Web Services  ac-
              count:

          o Time that the message was published (in UTC)

          o Message ID

          o Destination phone number

          o Message type

          o Delivery status

          o Message price (in USD)

          o Part  number  (a message is split into multiple parts if it is too
            long for a single message)

          o Total number of parts

          To receive the report, the bucket must have a policy that allows the
          Amazon SNS service principal to perform the s3:PutObject and s3:Get-
          BucketLocation actions.

          For an example bucket policy and usage report,  see  Monitoring  SMS
          Activity in the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled,  the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To set SMS message attributes

       The following set-sms-attributes example sets the default sender ID for
       SMS messages to MyName.

          aws sns set-sms-attributes \
              --attributes DefaultSenderID=MyName

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          SET-SMS-ATTRIBUTES()
