SUBSCRIBE()                                                        SUBSCRIBE()



NAME
       subscribe -

DESCRIPTION
       Subscribes  an endpoint to an Amazon SNS topic. If the endpoint type is
       HTTP/S or email, or if the endpoint and the topic are not in  the  same
       Amazon  Web  Services account, the endpoint owner must run the Confirm-
       Subscription action to confirm the subscription.

       You call the ConfirmSubscription action with the token  from  the  sub-
       scription response. Confirmation tokens are valid for three days.

       This action is throttled at 100 transactions per second (TPS).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            subscribe
          --topic-arn <value>
          --protocol <value>
          [--attributes <value>]
          [--return-subscription-arn | --no-return-subscription-arn]
          [--notification-endpoint <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --topic-arn (string)
          The ARN of the topic you want to subscribe to.

       --protocol (string)
          The protocol that you want to use. Supported protocols include:

          o http  delivery of JSON-encoded message via HTTP POST

          o https  delivery of JSON-encoded message via HTTPS POST

          o email  delivery of message via SMTP

          o email-json  delivery of JSON-encoded message via SMTP

          o sms  delivery of message via SMS

          o sqs  delivery of JSON-encoded message to an Amazon SQS queue

          o application   delivery  of  JSON-encoded message to an EndpointArn
            for a mobile app and device

          o lambda  delivery of JSON-encoded message to an Lambda function

          o firehose  delivery of JSON-encoded message to  an  Amazon  Kinesis
            Data Firehose delivery stream.

       --attributes (map)
          A map of attributes with their corresponding values.

          The  following lists the names, descriptions, and values of the spe-
          cial request parameters that the Subscribe action uses:

          o DeliveryPolicy  The policy that defines  how  Amazon  SNS  retries
            failed deliveries to HTTP/S endpoints.

          o FilterPolicy  The simple JSON object that lets your subscriber re-
            ceive only a subset of messages, rather than receiving every  mes-
            sage published to the topic.

          o RawMessageDelivery   When set to true , enables raw message deliv-
            ery to Amazon SQS or HTTP/S endpoints. This  eliminates  the  need
            for  the  endpoints to process JSON formatting, which is otherwise
            created for Amazon SNS metadata.

          o RedrivePolicy  When specified, sends undeliverable messages to the
            specified Amazon SQS dead-letter queue. Messages that can't be de-
            livered due to client errors (for  example,  when  the  subscribed
            endpoint  is  unreachable) or server errors (for example, when the
            service that powers the subscribed endpoint  becomes  unavailable)
            are  held  in the dead-letter queue for further analysis or repro-
            cessing.

          The following attribute applies only to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
          delivery stream subscriptions:

          o SubscriptionRoleArn   The ARN of the IAM role that has the follow-
            ing:

            o Permission to write to the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream

            o Amazon SNS listed as a trusted entity

          Specifying a valid ARN for this attribute is  required  for  Kinesis
          Data  Firehose  delivery stream subscriptions. For more information,
          see Fanout to Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams in  the  Amazon
          SNS Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --return-subscription-arn | --no-return-subscription-arn (boolean)
          Sets  whether  the  response from the Subscribe request includes the
          subscription ARN, even if the subscription is not yet confirmed.

          If you set this parameter to true , the response includes the ARN in
          all  cases,  even if the subscription is not yet confirmed. In addi-
          tion to the ARN for confirmed subscriptions, the response  also  in-
          cludes  the  pending  subscription  ARN value for subscriptions that
          aren't yet confirmed. A subscription becomes confirmed when the sub-
          scriber calls the ConfirmSubscription action with a confirmation to-
          ken.

          The default value is false .

       --notification-endpoint (string)
          The endpoint that you want to receive notifications. Endpoints  vary
          by protocol:

          o For  the  http  protocol, the (public) endpoint is a URL beginning
            with http:// .

          o For the https protocol, the (public) endpoint is a  URL  beginning
            with https:// .

          o For the email protocol, the endpoint is an email address.

          o For the email-json protocol, the endpoint is an email address.

          o For the sms protocol, the endpoint is a phone number of an SMS-en-
            abled device.

          o For the sqs protocol, the endpoint is the ARN  of  an  Amazon  SQS
            queue.

          o For the application protocol, the endpoint is the EndpointArn of a
            mobile app and device.

          o For the lambda protocol, the endpoint is  the  ARN  of  an  Lambda
            function.

          o For  the  firehose  protocol, the endpoint is the ARN of an Amazon
            Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To subscribe to a topic

       The following subscribe command subscribes  an  email  address  to  the
       specified topic.

          aws sns subscribe \
              --topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-topic \
              --protocol email \
              --notification-endpoint my-email@example.com

       Output:

          {
              "SubscriptionArn": "pending confirmation"
          }

OUTPUT
       SubscriptionArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the subscription if it is confirmed, or the string "pend-
          ing confirmation" if the subscription  requires  confirmation.  How-
          ever,  if  the  API request parameter ReturnSubscriptionArn is true,
          then the value is always the subscription ARN, even if the subscrip-
          tion requires confirmation.



                                                                   SUBSCRIBE()
