TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Add tags to the specified Amazon SNS topic. For an overview, see Amazon
       SNS Tags in the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

       When you use topic tags, keep the following guidelines in mind:

       o Adding more than 50 tags to a topic isn't recommended.

       o Tags don't have any semantic meaning. Amazon SNS interprets  tags  as
         character strings.

       o Tags are case-sensitive.

       o A  new tag with a key identical to that of an existing tag overwrites
         the existing tag.

       o Tagging actions are limited to 10 TPS per  Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
         count, per Amazon Web Services Region. If your application requires a
         higher throughput, file a technical support request .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the topic to which to add tags.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to be added to the specified topic. A tag consists of a re-
          quired key and an optional value.

          (structure)
              The list of tags to be added to the specified topic.

              Key -> (string)
                 The required key portion of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional value portion of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a tag to a topic

       The following tag-resource example adds a metadata tag to the specified
       Amazon SNS topic.

          aws sns tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic \
              --tags Key=Team,Value=Alpha

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
