UNSUBSCRIBE()                                                    UNSUBSCRIBE()



NAME
       unsubscribe -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a subscription. If the subscription requires authentication for
       deletion, only the owner of the subscription or the topic's  owner  can
       unsubscribe,  and  an Amazon Web Services signature is required. If the
       Unsubscribe call does not require authentication and the  requester  is
       not  the  subscription owner, a final cancellation message is delivered
       to the endpoint, so that the endpoint owner can easily  resubscribe  to
       the topic if the Unsubscribe request was unintended.

       This action is throttled at 100 transactions per second (TPS).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unsubscribe
          --subscription-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subscription-arn (string)
          The ARN of the subscription to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To unsubscribe from a topic

       The  following  unsubscribe  example deletes the specified subscription
       from a topic.

          aws sns unsubscribe \
              --subscription-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:0123456789012:my-topic:8a21d249-4329-4871-acc6-7be709c6ea7f

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 UNSUBSCRIBE()
