VERIFY-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()            VERIFY-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       verify-sms-sandbox-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Verifies  a destination phone number with a one-time password (OTP) for
       the calling Amazon Web Services account.

       When you start using Amazon SNS to send SMS messages, your  Amazon  Web
       Services  account  is  in  the SMS sandbox . The SMS sandbox provides a
       safe environment for you to try Amazon  SNS  features  without  risking
       your  reputation  as  an SMS sender. While your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count is in the SMS sandbox, you can use all of the features of  Amazon
       SNS.  However,  you  can send SMS messages only to verified destination
       phone numbers. For more information, including how to move out  of  the
       sandbox  to  send messages without restrictions, see SMS sandbox in the
       Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-sms-sandbox-phone-number
          --phone-number <value>
          --one-time-password <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number (string)
          The destination phone number to verify.

       --one-time-password (string)
          The OTP sent to the destination number from the CreateSMSSandBoxPho-
          neNumber call.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             VERIFY-SMS-SANDBOX-PHONE-NUMBER()
