DELETE-CONTAINER()                                          DELETE-CONTAINER()



NAME
       delete-container -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified container. Before you make a DeleteContainer re-
       quest, delete any objects in the container or in  any  folders  in  the
       container. You can delete only empty containers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-container
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a container

       The following delete-container  example   deletes  the  specified  con-
       tainer. You can delete a container only if it has no objects.

          aws mediastore delete-container \
              --container-name=ExampleLiveDemo

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting a Container in the AWS Elemental Me-
       diaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-CONTAINER()
