DELETE-CONTAINER-POLICY()                            DELETE-CONTAINER-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-container-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  access  policy that is associated with the specified con-
       tainer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-container-policy
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container that holds the policy.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a container policy

       The following delete-container-policy example deletes the  policy  that
       is assigned to the specified container. When the policy is deleted, AWS
       Elemental MediaStore automatically assigns the default  policy  to  the
       container.

          aws mediastore delete-container-policy \
              --container-name LiveEvents

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see DeleteContainerPolicy in the AWS Elemental
       MediaStore API reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-CONTAINER-POLICY()
