DELETE-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()                            DELETE-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-lifecycle-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  an object lifecycle policy from a container. It takes up to 20
       minutes for the change to take effect.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-lifecycle-policy
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container that holds the object lifecycle policy.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an object lifecycle policy

       The following delete-lifecycle-policy example deletes the object  life-
       cycle  policy attached to the specified container. This change can take
       up to 20 minutes to take effect.

          aws mediastore delete-lifecycle-policy \
              --container-name LiveEvents

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting an Object Lifecycle  Policy  in  the
       AWS Elemental MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()
