DELETE-CORS-POLICY()                                      DELETE-CORS-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-cors-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration informa-
       tion that is set for the container.

       To use this operation, you must have permission to perform the  MediaS-
       tore:DeleteCorsPolicy  action.  The container owner has this permission
       by default and can grant this permission to others.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-cors-policy
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container to remove the policy from.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a CORS policy

       The following delete-cors-policy example deletes the  cross-origin  re-
       source  sharing  (CORS)  policy  that is assigned to the specified con-
       tainer.

          aws mediastore delete-cors-policy \
              --container-name ExampleContainer

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting a CORS Policy in the  AWS  Elemental
       MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-CORS-POLICY()
