LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the tags assigned to the specified container.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the container.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list tags for a container

       The following list-tags-for-resource example displays the tag keys  and
       values assigned to the specified container.

          aws mediastore list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource arn:aws:mediastore:us-west-2:1213456789012:container/ExampleContainer

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Value": "Test",
                      "Key": "Environment"
                  },
                  {
                      "Value": "West",
                      "Key": "Region"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see ListTagsForResource in the AWS Elemental Me-
       diaStore API Reference.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          An array of key:value pairs that are assigned to the container.

          (structure)
              A collection of tags associated with a container. Each tag  con-
              sists  of  a  key:value  pair, which can be anything you define.
              Typically, the tag key represents a category (such as  "environ-
              ment") and the tag value represents a specific value within that
              category (such as "test," "development," or  "production").  You
              can  add  up  to 50 tags to each container. For more information
              about tagging,  including  naming  and  usage  conventions,  see
              Tagging Resources in MediaStore .

              Key -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag key to describe a category of information, such as  "cus-
                 tomer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag value to describe a specific  value  within  a  category,
                 such  as "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values are case-sensi-
                 tive.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
