PUT-CONTAINER-POLICY()                                  PUT-CONTAINER-POLICY()



NAME
       put-container-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  access  policy for the specified container to restrict the
       users and clients that can access it. For information  about  the  data
       that  is  included in an access policy, see the AWS Identity and Access
       Management User Guide .

       For this release of the REST API, you can create only one policy for  a
       container.  If  you  enter PutContainerPolicy twice, the second command
       modifies the existing policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-container-policy
          --container-name <value>
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container.

       --policy (string)
          The contents of the policy, which includes the following:

          o One Version tag

          o One Statement tag that contains the standard tags for the policy.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To edit a container policy

       The following put-container-policy example assigns a  different  policy
       to  the specified container. In this example, the updated policy is de-
       fined in a file named LiveEventsContainerPolicy.json.

          aws mediastore put-container-policy \
              --container-name LiveEvents \
              --policy file://LiveEventsContainerPolicy.json

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Editing a Container Policy in the AWS Elemen-
       tal MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        PUT-CONTAINER-POLICY()
