PUT-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()                                  PUT-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()



NAME
       put-lifecycle-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Writes  an object lifecycle policy to a container. If the container al-
       ready has an object lifecycle policy, the service replaces the existing
       policy with the new policy. It takes up to 20 minutes for the change to
       take effect.

       For information about how to construct an object lifecycle policy,  see
       Components of an Object Lifecycle Policy .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-lifecycle-policy
          --container-name <value>
          --lifecycle-policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container that you want to assign the object lifecy-
          cle policy to.

       --lifecycle-policy (string)
          The object lifecycle policy to apply to the container.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an object lifecycle policy

       The following put-lifecycle-policy example attaches an object lifecycle
       policy to the specified container. This enables you to specify how long
       the service should store objects in your container. MediaStore  deletes
       objects  in the container once they reach their expiration date, as in-
       dicated in the policy, which is in the file named  LiveEventsLifecycle-
       Policy.json.

          aws mediastore put-lifecycle-policy \
              --container-name ExampleContainer \
              --lifecycle-policy file://ExampleLifecyclePolicy.json

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Adding an Object Lifecycle Policy to a Con-
       tainer in the AWS Elemental MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        PUT-LIFECYCLE-POLICY()
