START-ACCESS-LOGGING()                                  START-ACCESS-LOGGING()



NAME
       start-access-logging -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  access  logging on the specified container. When you enable ac-
       cess logging on a container, MediaStore delivers access  logs  for  ob-
       jects stored in that container to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-access-logging
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container that you want to start access logging on.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable access logging on a container

       The following start-access-logging example enable access logging on the
       specified container.

          aws mediastore start-access-logging \
              --container-name LiveEvents

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Enabling Access Logging for a Container in
       the AWS Elemental MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        START-ACCESS-LOGGING()
