STOP-ACCESS-LOGGING()                                    STOP-ACCESS-LOGGING()



NAME
       stop-access-logging -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  access  logging on the specified container. When you stop access
       logging on a container, MediaStore stops sending access logs to  Amazon
       CloudWatch  Logs.  These access logs are not saved and are not retriev-
       able.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-access-logging
          --container-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --container-name (string)
          The name of the container that you want to stop access logging on.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable access logging on a container

       The following stop-access-logging example disables  access  logging  on
       the specified container.

          aws mediastore stop-access-logging \
              --container-name LiveEvents

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Disabling Access Logging for a Container in
       the AWS Elemental MediaStore User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         STOP-ACCESS-LOGGING()
