TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds tags to the specified AWS Elemental MediaStore container. Tags are
       key:value pairs that you can associate with AWS resources. For example,
       the  tag key might be "customer" and the tag value might be "companyA."
       You can specify one or more tags to add to each container. You can  add
       up  to  50  tags to each container. For more information about tagging,
       including naming and usage conventions, see Tagging Resources in Media-
       Store .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the container.

       --tags (list)
          An  array  of key:value pairs that you want to add to the container.
          You need to specify only the tags that you want to  add  or  update.
          For example, suppose a container already has two tags (customer:Com-
          panyA and priority:High). You want to change the  priority  tag  and
          also  add  a third tag (type:Contract). For TagResource, you specify
          the following tags: priority:Medium, type:Contract.  The  result  is
          that  your  container  has  three  tags:  customer:CompanyA,  prior-
          ity:Medium, and type:Contract.

          (structure)
              A collection of tags associated with a container. Each tag  con-
              sists  of  a  key:value  pair, which can be anything you define.
              Typically, the tag key represents a category (such as  "environ-
              ment") and the tag value represents a specific value within that
              category (such as "test," "development," or  "production").  You
              can  add  up  to 50 tags to each container. For more information
              about tagging,  including  naming  and  usage  conventions,  see
              Tagging Resources in MediaStore .

              Key -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag key to describe a category of information, such as  "cus-
                 tomer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag value to describe a specific  value  within  a  category,
                 such  as "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values are case-sensi-
                 tive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to a container

       The following tag-resource example adds tag  keys  and  values  to  the
       specified container.

          aws mediastore tag-resource \
              --resource arn:aws:mediastore:us-west-2:123456789012:container/ExampleContainer \
              --tags '[{"Key": "Region", "Value": "West"}, {"Key": "Environment", "Value": "Test"}]'

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see TagResource in the AWS Elemental MediaStore
       API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
