UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  tags from the specified container. You can specify one or more
       tags to remove.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the container.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A comma-separated list of keys for tags that you want to remove from
          the  container.  For  example,  if your container has two tags (cus-
          tomer:CompanyA and priority:High) and you want to remove one of  the
          tags  (priority:High), you specify the key for the tag that you want
          to remove (priority).

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a container

       The following untag-resource example removes the specified tag key  and
       its associated value from a container.

          aws mediastore untag-resource \
              --resource arn:aws:mediastore:us-west-2:123456789012:container/ExampleContainer \
              --tag-keys Region

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see UntagResource in the AWS Elemental MediaStore
       API Reference..

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
