DESCRIBE-CLUSTER()                                          DESCRIBE-CLUSTER()



NAME
       describe-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Display  the details about a cluster. The response includes the cluster
       name, endpoints, status, and Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-cluster
          --cluster-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Cluster -> (structure)
          The cluster for the DescribeCluster request.

          ClusterArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

          ClusterEndpoints -> (list)
              Endpoints for a cluster. Specify one of these endpoints when you
              want to set or retrieve a routing control state in the cluster.

              To get or update the routing control state, see the Amazon Route
              53 Application Recovery Controller Routing Control Actions.

              (structure)
                 A  cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint when you want to set
                 or retrieve a routing control state in the cluster.

                 Endpoint -> (string)
                     A cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint  and  Amazon  Web
                     Services  Region when you want to set or retrieve a rout-
                     ing control state in the cluster.

                     To get or update the routing control state, see the  Ama-
                     zon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Routing Con-
                     trol Actions.

                 Region -> (string)
                     The Amazon Web Services Region for a cluster endpoint.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the cluster.

          Status -> (string)
              Deployment status of a resource. Status can be one of  the  fol-
              lowing: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                            DESCRIBE-CLUSTER()
