DESCRIBE-ROUTING-CONTROL()                          DESCRIBE-ROUTING-CONTROL()



NAME
       describe-routing-control -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays  details about a routing control. A routing control has one of
       two states: ON and OFF. You can map the routing control  state  to  the
       state  of an Amazon Route 53 health check, which can be used to control
       routing.

       To get or update the routing control state, see  the  Recovery  Cluster
       (data  plane) API actions for Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Con-
       troller.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-routing-control
          --routing-control-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --routing-control-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RoutingControl -> (structure)
          Information about the routing control.

          ControlPanelArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the control panel that in-
              cludes the routing control.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the routing control.

          RoutingControlArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

          Status -> (string)
              The deployment status of a routing control. Status can be one of
              the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                    DESCRIBE-ROUTING-CONTROL()
