DESCRIBE-CONTROL-PANEL()                              DESCRIBE-CONTROL-PANEL()



NAME
       describe-control-panel -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays details about a control panel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-control-panel
          --control-panel-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --control-panel-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ControlPanel -> (structure)
          Information about the control panel.

          ClusterArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster that includes the
              control panel.

          ControlPanelArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

          DefaultControlPanel -> (boolean)
              A flag that Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller sets
              to  true  to  designate the default control panel for a cluster.
              When you create a cluster, Amazon Route 53 Application  Recovery
              Controller  creates a control panel, and sets this flag for that
              control panel. If you create a control panel yourself, this flag
              is set to false.

          Name -> (string)
              The  name  of the control panel. You can use any non-white space
              character in the name.

          RoutingControlCount -> (integer)
              The number of routing controls in the control panel.

          Status -> (string)
              The deployment status of control panel. Status can be one of the
              following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                      DESCRIBE-CONTROL-PANEL()
