LIST-CLUSTERS()                                                LIST-CLUSTERS()



NAME
       list-clusters -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an array of all the clusters in an account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-clusters
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-results (integer)
          The number of objects that you want to return with this call.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Clusters -> (list)
          An array of the clusters in an account.

          (structure)
              A set of five redundant Regional endpoints against which you can
              execute API calls to update or get the  state  of  routing  con-
              trols. You can host multiple control panels and routing controls
              on one cluster.

              ClusterArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

              ClusterEndpoints -> (list)
                 Endpoints for a cluster. Specify one of these endpoints  when
                 you  want  to  set or retrieve a routing control state in the
                 cluster.

                 To get or update the routing control state,  see  the  Amazon
                 Route  53 Application Recovery Controller Routing Control Ac-
                 tions.

                 (structure)
                     A cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint when you want  to
                     set or retrieve a routing control state in the cluster.

                     Endpoint -> (string)
                        A cluster endpoint. Specify an endpoint and Amazon Web
                        Services Region when you want to  set  or  retrieve  a
                        routing control state in the cluster.

                        To  get  or  update the routing control state, see the
                        Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller  Rout-
                        ing Control Actions.

                     Region -> (string)
                        The Amazon Web Services Region for a cluster endpoint.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the cluster.

              Status -> (string)
                 Deployment  status  of  a  resource. Status can be one of the
                 following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.



                                                               LIST-CLUSTERS()
