LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()                                LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()



NAME
       list-routing-controls -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  an  array  of  routing controls for a control panel. A routing
       control is an Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller construct
       that has one of two states: ON and OFF. You can map the routing control
       state to the state of an Amazon Route 53 health  check,  which  can  be
       used to control routing.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-routing-controls
          --control-panel-arn <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --control-panel-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

       --max-results (integer)
          The number of objects that you want to return with this call.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       RoutingControls -> (list)
          An array of routing controls.

          (structure)
              A routing control has one of two states: ON and OFF. You can map
              the  routing  control  state  to the state of an Amazon Route 53
              health check, which can be used to control traffic routing.

              ControlPanelArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel that  in-
                 cludes the routing control.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the routing control.

              RoutingControlArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

              Status -> (string)
                 The deployment status of a routing control. Status can be one
                 of the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                       LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()
