LIST-SAFETY-RULES()                                        LIST-SAFETY-RULES()



NAME
       list-safety-rules -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  safety  rules  (the  assertion  rules and gating rules) that
       you've defined for the routing controls in a control panel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-safety-rules
          --control-panel-arn <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --control-panel-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

       --max-results (integer)
          The number of objects that you want to return with this call.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       SafetyRules -> (list)
          The list of safety rules in a control panel.

          (structure)
              A safety rule. A safety rule can be an assertion rule or a  gat-
              ing rule.

              ASSERTION -> (structure)
                 An assertion rule enforces that, when a routing control state
                 is changed, the criteria set by  the  rule  configuration  is
                 met.  Otherwise,  the  change to the routing control state is
                 not accepted. For example, the  criteria  might  be  that  at
                 least one routing control state is On after the transation so
                 that traffic continues to flow to at least one cell  for  the
                 application.  This  ensures  that  you avoid a fail-open sce-
                 nario.

                 AssertedControls -> (list)
                     The routing controls that are part of  transactions  that
                     are evaluated to determine if a request to change a rout-
                     ing control state is allowed. For example, you might  in-
                     clude  three routing controls, one for each of three Ama-
                     zon Web Services Regions.

                     (string)

                 ControlPanelArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

                 Name -> (string)
                     Name of the assertion rule. You  can  use  any  non-white
                     space character in the name.

                 RuleConfig -> (structure)
                     The  criteria that you set for specific assertion routing
                     controls (AssertedControls) that designate how many rout-
                     ing control states must be ON as the result of a transac-
                     tion. For example, if you have  three  assertion  routing
                     controls,  you might specify atleast 2 for your rule con-
                     figuration. This means that at least two assertion  rout-
                     ing  control states must be ON, so that at least two Ama-
                     zon Web Services Regions have traffic flowing to them.

                     Inverted -> (boolean)
                        Logical negation of the rule. If the rule  would  usu-
                        ally  evaluate true, it's evaluated as false, and vice
                        versa.

                     Threshold -> (integer)
                        The value of N, when you specify an ATLEAST rule type.
                        That is, Threshold is the number of controls that must
                        be set when you specify an ATLEAST type.

                     Type -> (string)
                        A rule can be one of the following: ATLEAST,  AND,  or
                        OR.

                 SafetyRuleArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the assertion rule.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The deployment status of an assertion rule. Status can be
                     one of the following:  PENDING,  DEPLOYED,  PENDING_DELE-
                     TION.

                 WaitPeriodMs -> (integer)
                     An  evaluation period, in milliseconds (ms), during which
                     any request against  the  target  routing  controls  will
                     fail.  This  helps  prevent "flapping" of state. The wait
                     period is 5000 ms by default, but you can choose a custom
                     value.

              GATING -> (structure)
                 A  gating  rule verifies that a gating routing control or set
                 of gating rounting controls, evaluates as true,  based  on  a
                 rule  configuration  that  you specify, which allows a set of
                 routing control state changes to complete.

                 For example, if you specify one gating  routing  control  and
                 you  set the Type in the rule configuration to OR, that indi-
                 cates that you must set the gating routing control to On  for
                 the rule to evaluate as true; that is, for the gating control
                 "switch" to be "On". When you do that, then  you  can  update
                 the  routing  control  states for the target routing controls
                 that you specify in the gating rule.

                 ControlPanelArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel.

                 GatingControls -> (list)
                     An array of gating routing control Amazon Resource  Names
                     (ARNs). For a simple "on/off" switch, specify the ARN for
                     one routing control.  The  gating  routing  controls  are
                     evaluated  by  the rule configuration that you specify to
                     determine if the target routing  control  states  can  be
                     changed.

                     (string)

                 Name -> (string)
                     The  name  for the gating rule. You can use any non-white
                     space character in the name.

                 RuleConfig -> (structure)
                     The criteria that you set  for  gating  routing  controls
                     that  designates  how  many of the routing control states
                     must be ON to allow you to update target routing  control
                     states.

                     Inverted -> (boolean)
                        Logical  negation  of the rule. If the rule would usu-
                        ally evaluate true, it's evaluated as false, and  vice
                        versa.

                     Threshold -> (integer)
                        The value of N, when you specify an ATLEAST rule type.
                        That is, Threshold is the number of controls that must
                        be set when you specify an ATLEAST type.

                     Type -> (string)
                        A  rule  can be one of the following: ATLEAST, AND, or
                        OR.

                 SafetyRuleArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gating rule.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The deployment status of a gating rule. Status can be one
                     of the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.

                 TargetControls -> (list)
                     An  array of target routing control Amazon Resource Names
                     (ARNs) for which the states can only be  updated  if  the
                     rule configuration that you specify evaluates to true for
                     the gating routing control. As a simple example,  if  you
                     have  a  single  gating  control,  it  acts as an overall
                     "on/off" switch for a set of target routing controls. You
                     can  use  this  to manually override automated fail over,
                     for example.

                     (string)

                 WaitPeriodMs -> (integer)
                     An evaluation period, in milliseconds (ms), during  which
                     any  request  against  the  target  routing controls will
                     fail. This helps prevent "flapping" of  state.  The  wait
                     period is 5000 ms by default, but you can choose a custom
                     value.



                                                           LIST-SAFETY-RULES()
