UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL()                              UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL()



NAME
       update-routing-control -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  a routing control. You can only update the name of the routing
       control. To get or update the routing control state, see  the  Recovery
       Cluster (data plane) API actions for Amazon Route 53 Application Recov-
       ery Controller.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-routing-control
          --routing-control-arn <value>
          --routing-control-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --routing-control-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

       --routing-control-name (string)
          The name of the routing control.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RoutingControl -> (structure)
          The routing control that was updated.

          ControlPanelArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the control panel that in-
              cludes the routing control.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the routing control.

          RoutingControlArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

          Status -> (string)
              The deployment status of a routing control. Status can be one of
              the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.



                                                      UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL()
