BUCKET-NOT-EXISTS()                                        BUCKET-NOT-EXISTS()



NAME
       bucket-not-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  404 response is received when polling with head-bucket. It
       will poll every 5 seconds until a successful state  has  been  reached.
       This will exit with a return code of 255 after 20 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            bucket-not-exists
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name.

          When  using  this  action  with an access point, you must direct re-
          quests to the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes
          the  form  AccessPointName -AccountId .s3-accesspoint.*Region* .ama-
          zonaws.com. When using this action with an access point through  the
          Amazon  Web Services SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in place
          of the bucket name. For more information about  access  point  ARNs,
          see Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          When  using  this action with Amazon S3 on Outposts, you must direct
          requests to the S3 on Outposts hostname. The S3 on Outposts hostname
          takes  the  form  AccessPointName  -AccountId  .*outpostID* .s3-out-
          posts.*Region* .amazonaws.com. When using this action  using  S3  on
          Outposts  through the Amazon Web Services SDKs, you provide the Out-
          posts bucket ARN in place of the bucket name. For  more  information
          about S3 on Outposts ARNs, see Using S3 on Outposts in the Amazon S3
          User Guide .

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403 (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait (pause running) until a bucket no longer exists

       The  following wait bucket-not-exists example pauses and continues only
       after it can confirm that the specified bucket doesn't exist.

          aws s3api wait bucket-not-exists \
              --bucket my-bucket

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           BUCKET-NOT-EXISTS()
