CREATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()                                    CREATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       create-sms-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  message template for messages that are sent through the SMS
       channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-sms-template
          --sms-template-request <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sms-template-request (structure)
          Specifies the content and settings for a message template  that  can
          be used in text messages that are sent through the SMS channel.

          Body -> (string)
              The  message  body to use in text messages that are based on the
              message template.

          DefaultSubstitutions -> (string)
              A JSON object that specifies the default values to use for  mes-
              sage  variables in the message template. This object is a set of
              key-value pairs. Each key defines a message variable in the tem-
              plate.  The  corresponding  value  defines the default value for
              that variable. When you create a message  that's  based  on  the
              template,  you can override these defaults with message-specific
              and address-specific variables and values.

          RecommenderId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the recommender model to use  for  the
              message  template.  Amazon Pinpoint uses this value to determine
              how to retrieve and process data from a recommender  model  when
              it  sends  messages  that use the template, if the template con-
              tains message variables for recommendation data.

          tags -> (map)
              A string-to-string map of key-value pairs that defines the  tags
              to  associate  with the message template. Each tag consists of a
              required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          TemplateDescription -> (string)
              A custom description of the message template.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Body=string,DefaultSubstitutions=string,RecommenderId=string,tags={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string},TemplateDescription=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Body": "string",
            "DefaultSubstitutions": "string",
            "RecommenderId": "string",
            "tags": {"string": "string"
              ...},
            "TemplateDescription": "string"
          }

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric  character and can contain a maximum of 128 characters.
          The characters can be alphanumeric characters, underscores  (_),  or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CreateTemplateMessageBody -> (structure)
          Provides information about a request to create a message template.

          Arn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the message template that was
              created.

          Message -> (string)
              The message that's returned from the API for the request to cre-
              ate the message template.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the request to create the message tem-
              plate.



                                                         CREATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()
