DELETE-BAIDU-CHANNEL()                                  DELETE-BAIDU-CHANNEL()



NAME
       delete-baidu-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  the Baidu channel for an application and deletes any existing
       settings for the channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-baidu-channel
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BaiduChannelResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  information  about  the  status  and settings of the Baidu
          (Baidu Cloud Push) channel for an application.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that the Baidu channel
              applies to.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The date and time when the Baidu channel was enabled.

          Credential -> (string)
              The  API key that you received from the Baidu Cloud Push service
              to communicate with the service.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the Baidu channel is enabled for the  applica-
              tion.

          HasCredential -> (boolean)
              (Not  used) This property is retained only for backward compati-
              bility.

          Id -> (string)
              (Deprecated) An identifier for the Baidu channel. This  property
              is retained only for backward compatibility.

          IsArchived -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the Baidu channel is archived.

          LastModifiedBy -> (string)
              The user who last modified the Baidu channel.

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The date and time when the Baidu channel was last modified.

          Platform -> (string)
              The  type of messaging or notification platform for the channel.
              For the Baidu channel, this value is BAIDU.

          Version -> (integer)
              The current version of the Baidu channel.



                                                        DELETE-BAIDU-CHANNEL()
