DELETE-APP()                                                      DELETE-APP()



NAME
       delete-app -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-app
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier for the application. This identifier is dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an application

       The following delete-app example deletes an application (project).

          aws pinpoint delete-app \
              --application-id 810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example

       Output:

          {
              "ApplicationResponse": {
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:mobiletargeting:us-west-2:AIDACKCEVSQ6C2EXAMPLE:apps/810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example",
                  "Id": "810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example",
                  "Name": "ExampleCorp",
                  "tags": {}
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ApplicationResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about an application.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application.  This  identifier  is
              displayed as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

          Name -> (string)
              The  display  name of the application. This name is displayed as
              the Project name on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

          tags -> (map)
              A string-to-string map of key-value pairs  that  identifies  the
              tags that are associated with the application. Each tag consists
              of a required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                                  DELETE-APP()
