DELETE-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()                                DELETE-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-email-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  message  template  for  messages that were sent through the
       email channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-email-template
          --template-name <value>
          [--template-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric  character and can contain a maximum of 128 characters.
          The characters can be alphanumeric characters, underscores  (_),  or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --template-version (string)
          The unique identifier for the version of the message template to up-
          date, retrieve information about, or delete. To retrieve identifiers
          and  other  information  for all the versions of a template, use the
          Template Versionsresource.

          If specified, this value must match the identifier for  an  existing
          template  version.  If specified for an update operation, this value
          must match the identifier for the latest  existing  version  of  the
          template.  This  restriction helps ensure that race conditions don't
          occur.

          If you don't specify a value for  this  parameter,  Amazon  Pinpoint
          does the following:

          o For  a  get operation, retrieves information about the active ver-
            sion of the template.

          o For an update operation, saves the  updates  to  (overwrites)  the
            latest existing version of the template, if the create-new-version
            parameter isn't used or is set to false.

          o For a delete operation, deletes the template, including  all  ver-
            sions of the template.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MessageBody -> (structure)
          Provides information about an API request or response.

          Message -> (string)
              The message that's returned from the API.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the request or response.



                                                       DELETE-EMAIL-TEMPLATE()
