DELETE-ENDPOINT()                                            DELETE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an endpoint from an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-endpoint
          --application-id <value>
          --endpoint-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier for the application. This identifier is dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --endpoint-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the endpoint.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EndpointResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about the channel type and other  settings  for
          an endpoint.

          Address -> (string)
              The  destination address for messages or push notifications that
              you send to the endpoint. The address varies by channel. For ex-
              ample,  the address for a push-notification channel is typically
              the token provided by a push notification service,  such  as  an
              Apple  Push  Notification service (APNs) device token or a Fire-
              base Cloud Messaging (FCM) registration token. The  address  for
              the  SMS  channel  is  a  phone  number in E.164 format, such as
              +12065550100. The address for the email channel is an email  ad-
              dress.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that's associated with
              the endpoint.

          Attributes -> (map)
              One or more custom attributes that describe the endpoint by  as-
              sociating a name with an array of values. For example, the value
              of a custom attribute named Interests might be: ["Science", "Mu-
              sic", "Travel"]. You can use these attributes as filter criteria
              when you create segments.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (list)
                 (string)

          ChannelType -> (string)
              The channel that's used when sending messages or push  notifica-
              tions to the endpoint.

          CohortId -> (string)
              A  number from 0-99 that represents the cohort that the endpoint
              is assigned to. Endpoints are grouped into cohorts randomly, and
              each  cohort  contains  approximately 1 percent of the endpoints
              for an application. Amazon Pinpoint assigns cohorts to the hold-
              out or treatment allocations for campaigns.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The  date  and  time,  in ISO 8601 format, when the endpoint was
              created.

          Demographic -> (structure)
              The demographic information for the endpoint, such as  the  time
              zone and platform.

              AppVersion -> (string)
                 The version of the app that's associated with the endpoint.

              Locale -> (string)
                 The  locale of the endpoint, in the following format: the ISO
                 639-1 alpha-2 code, followed by an underscore  (_),  followed
                 by an ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 value.

              Make -> (string)
                 The  manufacturer  of  the  endpoint device, such as apple or
                 samsung.

              Model -> (string)
                 The model name or number of  the  endpoint  device,  such  as
                 iPhone or SM-G900F.

              ModelVersion -> (string)
                 The model version of the endpoint device.

              Platform -> (string)
                 The platform of the endpoint device, such as ios.

              PlatformVersion -> (string)
                 The platform version of the endpoint device.

              Timezone -> (string)
                 The  time  zone  of  the endpoint, specified as a tz database
                 name value, such as America/Los_Angeles.

          EffectiveDate -> (string)
              The date and time, in ISO 8601 format,  when  the  endpoint  was
              last updated.

          EndpointStatus -> (string)
              Specifies whether messages or push notifications are sent to the
              endpoint. Possible values are: ACTIVE, messages are sent to  the
              endpoint; and, INACTIVE, messages arent sent to the endpoint.

              Amazon Pinpoint automatically sets this value to ACTIVE when you
              create an endpoint or update an existing endpoint.  Amazon  Pin-
              point  automatically  sets  this value to INACTIVE if you update
              another endpoint that has the same address specified by the  Ad-
              dress property.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  that  you assigned to the endpoint. The
              identifier should be a globally unique identifier (GUID) to  en-
              sure  that  it  doesn't conflict with other endpoint identifiers
              that are associated with the application.

          Location -> (structure)
              The geographic information for the endpoint.

              City -> (string)
                 The name of the city where the endpoint is located.

              Country -> (string)
                 The two-character code, in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format, for the
                 country or region where the endpoint is located. For example,
                 US for the United States.

              Latitude -> (double)
                 The latitude coordinate of the endpoint location, rounded  to
                 one decimal place.

              Longitude -> (double)
                 The longitude coordinate of the endpoint location, rounded to
                 one decimal place.

              PostalCode -> (string)
                 The postal or ZIP code for the area where the endpoint is lo-
                 cated.

              Region -> (string)
                 The name of the region where the endpoint is located. For lo-
                 cations in the United States, this value is  the  name  of  a
                 state.

          Metrics -> (map)
              One  or more custom metrics that your app reports to Amazon Pin-
              point for the endpoint.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (double)

          OptOut -> (string)
              Specifies whether the user who's associated  with  the  endpoint
              has  opted out of receiving messages and push notifications from
              you. Possible values are:  ALL,  the  user  has  opted  out  and
              doesn't want to receive any messages or push notifications; and,
              NONE, the user hasn't opted out and wants to  receive  all  mes-
              sages and push notifications.

          RequestId -> (string)
              The  unique identifier for the most recent request to update the
              endpoint.

          User -> (structure)
              One or more custom user attributes that your app reports to Ama-
              zon Pinpoint for the user who's associated with the endpoint.

              UserAttributes -> (map)
                 One or more custom attributes that describe the user by asso-
                 ciating a name with an array  of  values.  For  example,  the
                 value  of  an attribute named Interests might be: ["Science",
                 "Music", "Travel"]. You can use these  attributes  as  filter
                 criteria  when  you create segments. Attribute names are case
                 sensitive.

                 An attribute name can contain up to 50 characters. An  attri-
                 bute  value can contain up to 100 characters. When you define
                 the name of a custom attribute,  avoid  using  the  following
                 characters:  number  sign  (#), colon (:), question mark (?),
                 backslash (), and slash  (/).  The  Amazon  Pinpoint  console
                 can't  display attribute names that contain these characters.
                 This restriction doesn't apply to attribute values.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (list)
                     (string)

              UserId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the user.



                                                             DELETE-ENDPOINT()
