GET-APP()                                                            GET-APP()



NAME
       get-app -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-app
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier for the application. This identifier is dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve information about an application (project)

       The following get-app example retrieves information about  an  applica-
       tion (project).

          aws pinpoint get-app \
              --application-id 810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example \
              --region us-east-1

       Output:

          {
              "ApplicationResponse": {
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:mobiletargeting:us-east-1:AIDACKCEVSQ6C2EXAMPLE:apps/810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example",
                  "Id": "810c7aab86d42fb2b56c8c966example",
                  "Name": "ExampleCorp",
                  "tags": {
                          "Year": "2019",
                          "Stack": "Production"
                      }
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ApplicationResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about an application.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  for the application. This identifier is
              displayed as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

          Name -> (string)
              The display name of the application. This name is  displayed  as
              the Project name on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

          tags -> (map)
              A  string-to-string  map  of key-value pairs that identifies the
              tags that are associated with the application. Each tag consists
              of a required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The date and time when the Application was created.



                                                                     GET-APP()
