GET-APPLICATION-SETTINGS()                          GET-APPLICATION-SETTINGS()



NAME
       get-application-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about the settings for an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-application-settings
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier for the application. This identifier is dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationSettingsResource -> (structure)
          Provides  information  about  an  application, including the default
          settings for an application.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application.  This  identifier  is
              displayed as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

          CampaignHook -> (structure)
              The settings for the AWS Lambda function to invoke by default as
              a code hook for campaigns in the application. You can  use  this
              hook to customize segments that are used by campaigns in the ap-
              plication.

              LambdaFunctionName -> (string)
                 The name or Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the  AWS  Lambda
                 function  that Amazon Pinpoint invokes to customize a segment
                 for a campaign.

              Mode -> (string)
                 The mode that Amazon Pinpoint uses to invoke the  AWS  Lambda
                 function. Possible values are:

                 o FILTER  -  Invoke  the  function  to  customize the segment
                   that's used by a campaign.

                 o DELIVERY - (Deprecated) Previously, invoked the function to
                   send  a campaign through a custom channel. This functional-
                   ity is not supported anymore. To send a campaign through  a
                   custom  channel,  use  the  CustomDeliveryConfiguration and
                   CampaignCustomMessage objects of the campaign.

              WebUrl -> (string)
                 The web URL that Amazon Pinpoint  calls  to  invoke  the  AWS
                 Lambda function over HTTPS.

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 format, when the application's
              settings were last modified.

          Limits -> (structure)
              The default sending limits for campaigns in the application.

              Daily -> (integer)
                 The maximum number of messages that a campaign can send to  a
                 single  endpoint during a 24-hour period. For an application,
                 this value specifies the default limit for the number of mes-
                 sages  that  campaigns and journeys can send to a single end-
                 point during a 24-hour period. The maximum value is 100.

              MaximumDuration -> (integer)
                 The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that a  campaign  can
                 attempt  to  deliver a message after the scheduled start time
                 for the campaign. The minimum value is 60 seconds.

              MessagesPerSecond -> (integer)
                 The maximum number of messages that a campaign can send  each
                 second.  For an application, this value specifies the default
                 limit for the number of messages that campaigns can send each
                 second. The minimum value is 50. The maximum value is 20,000.

              Total -> (integer)
                 The  maximum number of messages that a campaign can send to a
                 single endpoint during the course of the campaign. If a  cam-
                 paign  recurs,  this  setting applies to all runs of the cam-
                 paign. The maximum value is 100.

              Session -> (integer)
                 The maximum total number of messages that  the  campaign  can
                 send per user session.

          QuietTime -> (structure)
              The  default  quiet time for campaigns in the application. Quiet
              time is a specific time range when messages aren't sent to  end-
              points, if all the following conditions are met:

              o The  EndpointDemographic.Timezone  property of the endpoint is
                set to a valid value.

              o The current time in the endpoint's time zone is later than  or
                equal  to  the  time specified by the QuietTime.Start property
                for the application (or a campaign or journey that has  custom
                quiet time settings).

              o The  current  time in the endpoint's time zone is earlier than
                or equal to the time specified by the  QuietTime.End  property
                for  the application (or a campaign or journey that has custom
                quiet time settings).

              If any of the preceding conditions isn't met, the endpoint  will
              receive  messages from a campaign or journey, even if quiet time
              is enabled.

              End -> (string)
                 The specific time when quiet time ends. This value has to use
                 24-hour notation and be in HH:MM format, where HH is the hour
                 (with a leading zero, if applicable) and MM is  the  minutes.
                 For example, use 02:30 to represent 2:30 AM, or 14:30 to rep-
                 resent 2:30 PM.

              Start -> (string)
                 The specific time when quiet time begins. This value  has  to
                 use  24-hour notation and be in HH:MM format, where HH is the
                 hour (with a leading zero, if applicable) and MM is the  min-
                 utes.  For  example, use 02:30 to represent 2:30 AM, or 14:30
                 to represent 2:30 PM.



                                                    GET-APPLICATION-SETTINGS()
