GET-CHANNELS()                                                  GET-CHANNELS()



NAME
       get-channels -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information about the history and status of each channel for
       an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-channels
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ChannelsResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  information  about  the general settings and status of all
          channels for an application, including channels that aren't  enabled
          for the application.

          Channels -> (map)
              A  map  that contains a multipart response for each channel. For
              each item in this object, the ChannelType is  the  key  and  the
              Channel is the value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 Provides information about the general settings and status of
                 a channel for an application.

                 ApplicationId -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the application.

                 CreationDate -> (string)
                     The date and time, in ISO 8601 format, when  the  channel
                     was enabled.

                 Enabled -> (boolean)
                     Specifies whether the channel is enabled for the applica-
                     tion.

                 HasCredential -> (boolean)
                     (Not used) This property is retained  only  for  backward
                     compatibility.

                 Id -> (string)
                     (Deprecated) An identifier for the channel. This property
                     is retained only for backward compatibility.

                 IsArchived -> (boolean)
                     Specifies whether the channel is archived.

                 LastModifiedBy -> (string)
                     The user who last modified the channel.

                 LastModifiedDate -> (string)
                     The date and time, in ISO 8601 format, when  the  channel
                     was last modified.

                 Version -> (integer)
                     The current version of the channel.



                                                                GET-CHANNELS()
