GET-JOURNEY-EXECUTION-ACTIVITY-METRICSGET-JOURNEY-EXECUTION-ACTIVITY-METRICS()



NAME
       get-journey-execution-activity-metrics -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves (queries) pre-aggregated data for a standard execution metric
       that applies to a journey activity.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-journey-execution-activity-metrics
          --application-id <value>
          --journey-activity-id <value>
          --journey-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --journey-activity-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the journey activity.

       --journey-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the journey.

       --next-token (string)
          The string that specifies which page of results to return in a pagi-
          nated response. This parameter is  not  supported  for  application,
          campaign, and journey metrics.

       --page-size (string)
          The  maximum  number of items to include in each page of a paginated
          response. This parameter is not supported for application, campaign,
          and journey metrics.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       JourneyExecutionActivityMetricsResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  the results of a query that retrieved the data for a stan-
          dard execution metric that applies to a journey activity,  and  pro-
          vides information about that query.

          ActivityType -> (string)
              The type of activity that the metric applies to. Possible values
              are:

              o CONDITIONAL_SPLIT - For a yes/no split activity, which  is  an
                activity  that  sends  participants down one of two paths in a
                journey.

              o HOLDOUT - For a holdout activity, which is  an  activity  that
                stops a journey for a specified percentage of participants.

              o MESSAGE  -  For  an  email activity, which is an activity that
                sends an email message to participants.

              o MULTI_CONDITIONAL_SPLIT - For a multivariate  split  activity,
                which  is  an  activity that sends participants down one of as
                many as five paths in a journey.

              o RANDOM_SPLIT - For a random split activity, which is an activ-
                ity  that sends specified percentages of participants down one
                of as many as five paths in a journey.

              o WAIT - For a wait activity, which is an  activity  that  waits
                for a certain amount of time or until a specific date and time
                before moving participants to the next activity in a journey.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that  the  metric  ap-
              plies to.

          JourneyActivityId -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier for the activity that the metric applies
              to.

          JourneyId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the journey that  the  metric  applies
              to.

          LastEvaluatedTime -> (string)
              The date and time, in ISO 8601 format, when Amazon Pinpoint last
              evaluated the execution status of the activity and  updated  the
              data for the metric.

          Metrics -> (map)
              A  JSON  object  that contains the results of the query. The re-
              sults vary depending on the type of activity (ActivityType). For
              information about the structure and contents of the results, see
              the Amazon Pinpoint Developer Guide .

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                      GET-JOURNEY-EXECUTION-ACTIVITY-METRICS()
