GET-EVENT-STREAM()                                          GET-EVENT-STREAM()



NAME
       get-event-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about the event stream settings for an applica-
       tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-event-stream
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EventStream -> (structure)
          Specifies settings for publishing event data to  an  Amazon  Kinesis
          data stream or an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The  unique identifier for the application to publish event data
              for.

          DestinationStreamArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Kinesis data stream
              or Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to publish event
              data to.

              For a Kinesis data stream,  the  ARN  format  is:  arn:aws:kine-
              sis:region:account-id:stream/stream_name

              For  a Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream, the ARN format is:
              arn:aws:firehose:region:account-id:deliverystream/stream_name

          ExternalId -> (string)
              (Deprecated) Your AWS account ID, which you assigned to  an  ex-
              ternal ID key in an IAM trust policy. Amazon Pinpoint previously
              used this value to assume an  IAM  role  when  publishing  event
              data, but we removed this requirement. We don't recommend use of
              external IDs for IAM roles that are assumed by Amazon Pinpoint.

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The date, in ISO 8601 format, when the  event  stream  was  last
              modified.

          LastUpdatedBy -> (string)
              The IAM user who last modified the event stream.

          RoleArn -> (string)
              The  AWS  Identity  and Access Management (IAM) role that autho-
              rizes Amazon Pinpoint to publish event data  to  the  stream  in
              your AWS account.



                                                            GET-EVENT-STREAM()
