GET-JOURNEY-DATE-RANGE-KPI()                      GET-JOURNEY-DATE-RANGE-KPI()



NAME
       get-journey-date-range-kpi -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  (queries) pre-aggregated data for a standard engagement met-
       ric that applies to a journey.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-journey-date-range-kpi
          --application-id <value>
          [--end-time <value>]
          --journey-id <value>
          --kpi-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--start-time <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The last date and time to retrieve data for, as part of an inclusive
          date range that filters the query results. This value should  be  in
          extended  ISO  8601 format and use Coordinated Universal Time (UTC),
          for example: 2019-07-26T20:00:00Z for 8:00 PM UTC July 26, 2019.

       --journey-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the journey.

       --kpi-name (string)
          The name of the metric, also referred to as a key performance  indi-
          cator (KPI) , to retrieve data for. This value describes the associ-
          ated metric and consists of two or more terms, which  are  comprised
          of  lowercase  alphanumeric characters, separated by a hyphen. Exam-
          ples are email-open-rate and successful-delivery-rate. For a list of
          valid values, see the Amazon Pinpoint Developer Guide .

       --next-token (string)
          The string that specifies which page of results to return in a pagi-
          nated response. This parameter is  not  supported  for  application,
          campaign, and journey metrics.

       --page-size (string)
          The  maximum  number of items to include in each page of a paginated
          response. This parameter is not supported for application, campaign,
          and journey metrics.

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The  first  date and time to retrieve data for, as part of an inclu-
          sive date range that filters the query results. This value should be
          in  extended  ISO  8601  format  and  use Coordinated Universal Time
          (UTC), for example: 2019-07-19T20:00:00Z for 8:00 PM  UTC  July  19,
          2019.  This value should also be fewer than 90 days from the current
          day.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       JourneyDateRangeKpiResponse -> (structure)
          Provides the results of a query that retrieved the data for a  stan-
          dard  engagement  metric that applies to a journey, and provides in-
          formation about that query.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that  the  metric  ap-
              plies to.

          EndTime -> (timestamp)
              The last date and time of the date range that was used to filter
              the query results, in extended ISO 8601 format. The  date  range
              is inclusive.

          JourneyId -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  for the journey that the metric applies
              to.

          KpiName -> (string)
              The name of the metric, also referred to as  a  key  performance
              indicator  (KPI)  ,  that the data was retrieved for. This value
              describes the associated metric and  consists  of  two  or  more
              terms, which are comprised of lowercase alphanumeric characters,
              separated by a hyphen. For a list of possible  values,  see  the
              Amazon Pinpoint Developer Guide .

          KpiResult -> (structure)
              An array of objects that contains the results of the query. Each
              object contains the value for the metric and metadata about that
              value.

              Rows -> (list)
                 An array of objects that provides the results of a query that
                 retrieved the data for a standard metric that applies  to  an
                 application, campaign, or journey.

                 (structure)
                     Provides  the  results of a query that retrieved the data
                     for a standard metric that  applies  to  an  application,
                     campaign, or journey.

                     GroupedBys -> (list)
                        An  array  of objects that defines the field and field
                        values that were used to group data in  a  result  set
                        that  contains multiple results. This value is null if
                        the data in a result set isnt grouped.

                        (structure)
                            Provides a single value and  metadata  about  that
                            value  as  part of an array of query results for a
                            standard metric that applies  to  an  application,
                            campaign, or journey.

                            Key -> (string)
                               The  friendly name of the metric whose value is
                               specified by the Value property.

                            Type -> (string)
                               The data type of the  value  specified  by  the
                               Value property.

                            Value -> (string)
                               In  a  Values  object, the value for the metric
                               that  the  query  retrieved  data  for.  In   a
                               GroupedBys object, the value for the field that
                               was used to group data in  a  result  set  that
                               contains multiple results (Values objects).

                     Values -> (list)
                        An  array of objects that provides pre-aggregated val-
                        ues for a standard metric that applies to an  applica-
                        tion, campaign, or journey.

                        (structure)
                            Provides  a  single  value and metadata about that
                            value as part of an array of query results  for  a
                            standard  metric  that  applies to an application,
                            campaign, or journey.

                            Key -> (string)
                               The friendly name of the metric whose value  is
                               specified by the Value property.

                            Type -> (string)
                               The  data  type  of  the value specified by the
                               Value property.

                            Value -> (string)
                               In a Values object, the value  for  the  metric
                               that   the  query  retrieved  data  for.  In  a
                               GroupedBys object, the value for the field that
                               was  used  to  group  data in a result set that
                               contains multiple results (Values objects).

          NextToken -> (string)
              The string to use in a subsequent request to get the  next  page
              of  results  in a paginated response. This value is null for the
              Journey Engagement Metrics resource because the resource returns
              all results in a single page.

          StartTime -> (timestamp)
              The  first date and time of the date range that was used to fil-
              ter the query results, in extended ISO  8601  format.  The  date
              range is inclusive.



                                                  GET-JOURNEY-DATE-RANGE-KPI()
