GET-SEGMENT-EXPORT-JOBS()                            GET-SEGMENT-EXPORT-JOBS()



NAME
       get-segment-export-jobs -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information about the status and settings of the export jobs
       for a segment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-segment-export-jobs
          --application-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          --segment-id <value>
          [--token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --page-size (string)
          The  maximum  number of items to include in each page of a paginated
          response. This parameter is not supported for application, campaign,
          and journey metrics.

       --segment-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the segment.

       --token (string)
          The  NextToken string that specifies which page of results to return
          in a paginated response.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ExportJobsResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about all the export jobs that  are  associated
          with  an application or segment. An export job is a job that exports
          endpoint definitions to a file.

          Item -> (list)
              An array of responses, one for each export job that's associated
              with  the application (Export Jobs resource) or segment (Segment
              Export Jobs resource).

              (structure)
                 Provides information about the status and settings of  a  job
                 that  exports endpoint definitions to a file. The file can be
                 added directly to an Amazon Simple  Storage  Service  (Amazon
                 S3) bucket by using the Amazon Pinpoint API or downloaded di-
                 rectly to a computer by using the Amazon Pinpoint console.

                 ApplicationId -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the application that's  associ-
                     ated with the export job.

                 CompletedPieces -> (integer)
                     The  number  of  pieces  that were processed successfully
                     (completed) by the export job, as of the time of the  re-
                     quest.

                 CompletionDate -> (string)
                     The  date,  in  ISO  8601 format, when the export job was
                     completed.

                 CreationDate -> (string)
                     The date, in ISO 8601 format, when  the  export  job  was
                     created.

                 Definition -> (structure)
                     The resource settings that apply to the export job.

                     RoleArn -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and
                        Access Management (IAM) role  that  authorized  Amazon
                        Pinpoint  to  access  the Amazon S3 location where the
                        endpoint definitions were exported to.

                     S3UrlPrefix -> (string)
                        The URL of the location in an  Amazon  Simple  Storage
                        Service  (Amazon S3) bucket where the endpoint defini-
                        tions were exported to. This location is  typically  a
                        folder that contains multiple files. The URL should be
                        in           the           following           format:
                        s3://bucket-name/folder-name/.

                     SegmentId -> (string)
                        The identifier for the segment that the endpoint defi-
                        nitions  were  exported  from.  If  this  value  isn't
                        present,  Amazon Pinpoint exported definitions for all
                        the endpoints that are associated  with  the  applica-
                        tion.

                     SegmentVersion -> (integer)
                        The  version  of the segment that the endpoint defini-
                        tions were exported from.

                 FailedPieces -> (integer)
                     The number of pieces that weren't processed  successfully
                     (failed)  by  the  export  job, as of the time of the re-
                     quest.

                 Failures -> (list)
                     An array of entries, one for each of the  first  100  en-
                     tries that weren't processed successfully (failed) by the
                     export job, if any.

                     (string)

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the export job.

                 JobStatus -> (string)
                     The status of the export job. The job status is FAILED if
                     Amazon Pinpoint wasn't able to process one or more pieces
                     in the job.

                 TotalFailures -> (integer)
                     The total number of  endpoint  definitions  that  weren't
                     processed  successfully (failed) by the export job, typi-
                     cally because an error, such as a syntax error, occurred.

                 TotalPieces -> (integer)
                     The total number of pieces that must be processed to com-
                     plete  the export job. Each piece consists of an approxi-
                     mately equal portion of the endpoint definitions that are
                     part of the export job.

                 TotalProcessed -> (integer)
                     The  total  number of endpoint definitions that were pro-
                     cessed by the export job.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The job type. This value is EXPORT for export jobs.

          NextToken -> (string)
              The string to use in a subsequent request to get the  next  page
              of  results in a paginated response. This value is null if there
              are no additional pages.



                                                     GET-SEGMENT-EXPORT-JOBS()
