GET-IMPORT-JOB()                                              GET-IMPORT-JOB()



NAME
       get-import-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about the status and settings of a specific im-
       port job for an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-import-job
          --application-id <value>
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --job-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the job.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ImportJobResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about the status and settings of a job that im-
          ports endpoint definitions from one or more files. The files can  be
          stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket or up-
          loaded directly from a computer by using the  Amazon  Pinpoint  con-
          sole.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that's associated with
              the import job.

          CompletedPieces -> (integer)
              The number of pieces  that  were  processed  successfully  (com-
              pleted) by the import job, as of the time of the request.

          CompletionDate -> (string)
              The date, in ISO 8601 format, when the import job was completed.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The date, in ISO 8601 format, when the import job was created.

          Definition -> (structure)
              The resource settings that apply to the import job.

              DefineSegment -> (boolean)
                 Specifies  whether the import job creates a segment that con-
                 tains the endpoints, when the endpoint  definitions  are  im-
                 ported.

              ExternalId -> (string)
                 (Deprecated)  Your  AWS  account ID, which you assigned to an
                 external ID key in an IAM trust policy. Amazon Pinpoint  pre-
                 viously  used this value to assume an IAM role when importing
                 endpoint definitions, but we  removed  this  requirement.  We
                 don't  recommend  use  of external IDs for IAM roles that are
                 assumed by Amazon Pinpoint.

              Format -> (string)
                 The format of the files that contain the endpoint definitions
                 to  import. Valid values are: CSV, for comma-separated values
                 format; and, JSON, for newline-delimited JSON format.

                 If the files are stored in an Amazon S3 location and that lo-
                 cation  contains  multiple  files that use different formats,
                 Amazon Pinpoint imports data only from the files that use the
                 specified format.

              RegisterEndpoints -> (boolean)
                 Specifies whether the import job registers the endpoints with
                 Amazon Pinpoint, when the endpoint definitions are imported.

              RoleArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and Access
                 Management  (IAM) role that authorizes Amazon Pinpoint to ac-
                 cess the Amazon S3 location to  import  endpoint  definitions
                 from.

              S3Url -> (string)
                 The  URL  of  the  Amazon  Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
                 bucket that contains the endpoint definitions to import. This
                 location can be a folder or a single file. If the location is
                 a folder, Amazon Pinpoint imports endpoint  definitions  from
                 the files in this location, including any subfolders that the
                 folder contains.

                 The   URL   should    be    in    the    following    format:
                 s3://bucket-name/folder-name/file-name.  The location can end
                 with the key for an individual object or a prefix that quali-
                 fies multiple objects.

              SegmentId -> (string)
                 The identifier for the segment that the import job updates or
                 adds endpoint definitions to, if the import  job  updates  an
                 existing segment.

              SegmentName -> (string)
                 The  custom name for the segment that's created by the import
                 job, if the value of the DefineSegment property is true.

          FailedPieces -> (integer)
              The  number  of  pieces  that  weren't  processed   successfully
              (failed) by the import job, as of the time of the request.

          Failures -> (list)
              An  array of entries, one for each of the first 100 entries that
              weren't processed successfully (failed) by the  import  job,  if
              any.

              (string)

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the import job.

          JobStatus -> (string)
              The status of the import job. The job status is FAILED if Amazon
              Pinpoint wasn't able to process one or more pieces in the job.

          TotalFailures -> (integer)
              The total number of endpoint definitions that weren't  processed
              successfully  (failed)  by  the import job, typically because an
              error, such as a syntax error, occurred.

          TotalPieces -> (integer)
              The total number of pieces that must be  processed  to  complete
              the  import  job.  Each piece consists of an approximately equal
              portion of the endpoint definitions that are part of the  import
              job.

          TotalProcessed -> (integer)
              The  total number of endpoint definitions that were processed by
              the import job.

          Type -> (string)
              The job type. This value is IMPORT for import jobs.



                                                              GET-IMPORT-JOB()
