GET-VOICE-TEMPLATE()                                      GET-VOICE-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       get-voice-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  content and settings of a message template for messages
       that are sent through the voice channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-voice-template
          --template-name <value>
          [--template-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric  character and can contain a maximum of 128 characters.
          The characters can be alphanumeric characters, underscores  (_),  or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --template-version (string)
          The unique identifier for the version of the message template to up-
          date, retrieve information about, or delete. To retrieve identifiers
          and  other  information  for all the versions of a template, use the
          Template Versionsresource.

          If specified, this value must match the identifier for  an  existing
          template  version.  If specified for an update operation, this value
          must match the identifier for the latest  existing  version  of  the
          template.  This  restriction helps ensure that race conditions don't
          occur.

          If you don't specify a value for  this  parameter,  Amazon  Pinpoint
          does the following:

          o For  a  get operation, retrieves information about the active ver-
            sion of the template.

          o For an update operation, saves the  updates  to  (overwrites)  the
            latest existing version of the template, if the create-new-version
            parameter isn't used or is set to false.

          o For a delete operation, deletes the template, including  all  ver-
            sions of the template.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VoiceTemplateResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  information  about  the content and settings for a message
          template that can be used in messages  that  are  sent  through  the
          voice channel.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the message template.

          Body -> (string)
              The text of the script that's used in messages that are based on
              the message template, in plain text format.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The date, in ISO 8601 format, when the message template was cre-
              ated.

          DefaultSubstitutions -> (string)
              The  JSON object that specifies the default values that are used
              for message variables in the message template. This object is  a
              set  of  key-value pairs. Each key defines a message variable in
              the template. The corresponding value defines the default  value
              for that variable.

          LanguageCode -> (string)
              The code for the language that's used when synthesizing the text
              of the script in messages that are based  on  the  message  tem-
              plate.  For  a list of supported languages and the code for each
              one, see the Amazon Polly Developer Guide .

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The date, in ISO 8601 format, when the message template was last
              modified.

          tags -> (map)
              A  string-to-string  map  of key-value pairs that identifies the
              tags that are associated with the  message  template.  Each  tag
              consists of a required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          TemplateDescription -> (string)
              The custom description of the message template.

          TemplateName -> (string)
              The name of the message template.

          TemplateType -> (string)
              The  type  of channel that the message template is designed for.
              For a voice template, this value is VOICE.

          Version -> (string)
              The unique identifier, as an integer, for the active version  of
              the  message  template,  or the version of the template that you
              specified by using the version parameter in your request.

          VoiceId -> (string)
              The name of the voice that's used when delivering messages  that
              are  based  on  the  message  template.  For a list of supported
              voices, see the Amazon Polly Developer Guide .



                                                          GET-VOICE-TEMPLATE()
