GET-SEGMENT-IMPORT-JOBS()                            GET-SEGMENT-IMPORT-JOBS()



NAME
       get-segment-import-jobs -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information about the status and settings of the import jobs
       for a segment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-segment-import-jobs
          --application-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          --segment-id <value>
          [--token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --page-size (string)
          The  maximum  number of items to include in each page of a paginated
          response. This parameter is not supported for application, campaign,
          and journey metrics.

       --segment-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the segment.

       --token (string)
          The  NextToken string that specifies which page of results to return
          in a paginated response.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ImportJobsResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about the status and settings of all the import
          jobs  that  are associated with an application or segment. An import
          job is a job that imports endpoint  definitions  from  one  or  more
          files.

          Item -> (list)
              An array of responses, one for each import job that's associated
              with the application (Import Jobs resource) or segment  (Segment
              Import Jobs resource).

              (structure)
                 Provides  information  about the status and settings of a job
                 that imports endpoint definitions from one or more files. The
                 files can be stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Ama-
                 zon S3) bucket or uploaded directly from a computer by  using
                 the Amazon Pinpoint console.

                 ApplicationId -> (string)
                     The  unique identifier for the application that's associ-
                     ated with the import job.

                 CompletedPieces -> (integer)
                     The number of pieces  that  were  processed  successfully
                     (completed)  by the import job, as of the time of the re-
                     quest.

                 CompletionDate -> (string)
                     The date, in ISO 8601 format, when  the  import  job  was
                     completed.

                 CreationDate -> (string)
                     The  date,  in  ISO  8601 format, when the import job was
                     created.

                 Definition -> (structure)
                     The resource settings that apply to the import job.

                     DefineSegment -> (boolean)
                        Specifies whether the import  job  creates  a  segment
                        that contains the endpoints, when the endpoint defini-
                        tions are imported.

                     ExternalId -> (string)
                        (Deprecated) Your AWS account ID, which  you  assigned
                        to  an  external ID key in an IAM trust policy. Amazon
                        Pinpoint previously used this value to assume  an  IAM
                        role  when  importing endpoint definitions, but we re-
                        moved this requirement. We don't recommend use of  ex-
                        ternal  IDs  for  IAM roles that are assumed by Amazon
                        Pinpoint.

                     Format -> (string)
                        The format of the files that contain the endpoint def-
                        initions   to  import.  Valid  values  are:  CSV,  for
                        comma-separated values format;  and,  JSON,  for  new-
                        line-delimited JSON format.

                        If  the  files are stored in an Amazon S3 location and
                        that location contains multiple files that use differ-
                        ent  formats,  Amazon  Pinpoint imports data only from
                        the files that use the specified format.

                     RegisterEndpoints -> (boolean)
                        Specifies whether the import job  registers  the  end-
                        points with Amazon Pinpoint, when the endpoint defini-
                        tions are imported.

                     RoleArn -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and
                        Access  Management  (IAM)  role that authorizes Amazon
                        Pinpoint to access the Amazon S3  location  to  import
                        endpoint definitions from.

                     S3Url -> (string)
                        The  URL  of the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon
                        S3) bucket that contains the endpoint  definitions  to
                        import.  This  location  can  be  a folder or a single
                        file. If the location is a folder, Amazon Pinpoint im-
                        ports  endpoint definitions from the files in this lo-
                        cation, including any subfolders that the folder  con-
                        tains.

                        The   URL   should   be   in   the  following  format:
                        s3://bucket-name/folder-name/file-name.  The  location
                        can  end  with  the  key for an individual object or a
                        prefix that qualifies multiple objects.

                     SegmentId -> (string)
                        The identifier for the segment that the import job up-
                        dates  or  adds endpoint definitions to, if the import
                        job updates an existing segment.

                     SegmentName -> (string)
                        The custom name for the segment that's created by  the
                        import job, if the value of the DefineSegment property
                        is true.

                 FailedPieces -> (integer)
                     The number of pieces that weren't processed  successfully
                     (failed)  by  the  import  job, as of the time of the re-
                     quest.

                 Failures -> (list)
                     An array of entries, one for each of the  first  100  en-
                     tries that weren't processed successfully (failed) by the
                     import job, if any.

                     (string)

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the import job.

                 JobStatus -> (string)
                     The status of the import job. The job status is FAILED if
                     Amazon Pinpoint wasn't able to process one or more pieces
                     in the job.

                 TotalFailures -> (integer)
                     The total number of  endpoint  definitions  that  weren't
                     processed  successfully (failed) by the import job, typi-
                     cally because an error, such as a syntax error, occurred.

                 TotalPieces -> (integer)
                     The total number of pieces that must be processed to com-
                     plete  the import job. Each piece consists of an approxi-
                     mately equal portion of the endpoint definitions that are
                     part of the import job.

                 TotalProcessed -> (integer)
                     The  total  number of endpoint definitions that were pro-
                     cessed by the import job.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The job type. This value is IMPORT for import jobs.

          NextToken -> (string)
              The string to use in a subsequent request to get the  next  page
              of  results in a paginated response. This value is null if there
              are no additional pages.



                                                     GET-SEGMENT-IMPORT-JOBS()
