LIST-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()                              LIST-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-template-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about all the versions of a specific message tem-
       plate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-template-versions
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          --template-name <value>
          --template-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          The string that specifies which page of results to return in a pagi-
          nated  response.  This  parameter  is not supported for application,
          campaign, and journey metrics.

       --page-size (string)
          The maximum number of items to include in each page of  a  paginated
          response. This parameter is not supported for application, campaign,
          and journey metrics.

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric  character and can contain a maximum of 128 characters.
          The characters can be alphanumeric characters, underscores  (_),  or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --template-type (string)
          The type of channel that the message template is designed for. Valid
          values are: EMAIL, PUSH, SMS, and VOICE.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TemplateVersionsResponse -> (structure)
          Provides information about all the versions of  a  specific  message
          template.

          Item -> (list)
              An  array of responses, one for each version of the message tem-
              plate.

              (structure)
                 Provides information about a specific version  of  a  message
                 template.

                 CreationDate -> (string)
                     The  date,  in  ISO  8601 format, when the version of the
                     message template was created.

                 DefaultSubstitutions -> (string)
                     A JSON object that specifies the default values that  are
                     used  for message variables in the version of the message
                     template. This object is a set of key-value  pairs.  Each
                     key  defines a message variable in the template. The cor-
                     responding value defines the default value for that vari-
                     able.

                 LastModifiedDate -> (string)
                     The  date,  in  ISO  8601 format, when the version of the
                     message template was last modified.

                 TemplateDescription -> (string)
                     The custom description of the version of the message tem-
                     plate.

                 TemplateName -> (string)
                     The name of the message template.

                 TemplateType -> (string)
                     The type of channel that the message template is designed
                     for. Possible values are: EMAIL, PUSH, SMS, and VOICE.

                 Version -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the version of the message tem-
                     plate.  This value is an integer that Amazon Pinpoint au-
                     tomatically increments and assigns to each new version of
                     a template.

          Message -> (string)
              The  message that's returned from the API for the request to re-
              trieve information about all the versions of  the  message  tem-
              plate.

          NextToken -> (string)
              The  string  to use in a subsequent request to get the next page
              of results in a paginated response. This value is null if  there
              are no additional pages.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  for the request to retrieve information
              about all the versions of the message template.



                                                      LIST-TEMPLATE-VERSIONS()
