REMOVE-ATTRIBUTES()                                        REMOVE-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       remove-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  one  or  more attributes, of the same attribute type, from all
       the endpoints that are associated with an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-attributes
          --application-id <value>
          --attribute-type <value>
          --update-attributes-request <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --attribute-type (string)
          The type of attribute or attributes to remove. Valid values are:

          o endpoint-custom-attributes  - Custom attributes that describe end-
            points, such as the date when an associated user opted in  or  out
            of  receiving  communications  from you through a specific type of
            channel.

          o endpoint-metric-attributes - Custom metrics that your app  reports
            to  Amazon  Pinpoint for endpoints, such as the number of app ses-
            sions or the number of items left in a cart.

          o endpoint-user-attributes - Custom attributes that describe  users,
            such as first name, last name, and age.

       --update-attributes-request (structure)
          Specifies  one  or  more attributes to remove from all the endpoints
          that are associated with an application.

          Blacklist -> (list)
              An array of the attributes to remove from all the endpoints that
              are  associated  with the application. The array can specify the
              complete, exact name of each attribute to remove or it can spec-
              ify  a  glob  pattern that an attribute name must match in order
              for the attribute to be removed.

              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Blacklist=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Blacklist": ["string", ...]
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AttributesResource -> (structure)
          Provides information about the type and the names of attributes that
          were  removed from all the endpoints that are associated with an ap-
          plication.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application.

          AttributeType -> (string)
              The type of attribute or attributes that were removed  from  the
              endpoints. Valid values are:

              o endpoint-custom-attributes  -  Custom attributes that describe
                endpoints.

              o endpoint-metric-attributes - Custom metrics that your app  re-
                ports to Amazon Pinpoint for endpoints.

              o endpoint-user-attributes  -  Custom  attributes  that describe
                users.

          Attributes -> (list)
              An array that specifies the names of the  attributes  that  were
              removed from the endpoints.

              (string)



                                                           REMOVE-ATTRIBUTES()
