UPDATE-GCM-CHANNEL()                                      UPDATE-GCM-CHANNEL()



NAME
       update-gcm-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  GCM  channel for an application or updates the status and
       settings of the GCM channel for an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-gcm-channel
          --application-id <value>
          --gcm-channel-request <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --gcm-channel-request (structure)
          Specifies the status and settings of the GCM channel for an applica-
          tion. This channel enables Amazon Pinpoint to  send  push  notifica-
          tions  through  the  Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM), formerly Google
          Cloud Messaging (GCM), service.

          ApiKey -> (string)
              The Web API Key, also referred to as an API_KEY or server key  ,
              that  you  received  from Google to communicate with Google ser-
              vices.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether to enable the GCM channel for the application.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ApiKey=string,Enabled=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "ApiKey": "string",
            "Enabled": true|false
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GCMChannelResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  information about the status and settings of the GCM chan-
          nel for an application. The GCM channel enables Amazon  Pinpoint  to
          send  push notifications through the Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM),
          formerly Google Cloud Messaging (GCM), service.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that the  GCM  channel
              applies to.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The date and time when the GCM channel was enabled.

          Credential -> (string)
              The  Web API Key, also referred to as an API_KEY or server key ,
              that you received from Google to communicate  with  Google  ser-
              vices.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies  whether  the  GCM channel is enabled for the applica-
              tion.

          HasCredential -> (boolean)
              (Not used) This property is retained only for backward  compati-
              bility.

          Id -> (string)
              (Deprecated) An identifier for the GCM channel. This property is
              retained only for backward compatibility.

          IsArchived -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the GCM channel is archived.

          LastModifiedBy -> (string)
              The user who last modified the GCM channel.

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The date and time when the GCM channel was last modified.

          Platform -> (string)
              The type of messaging or notification platform for the  channel.
              For the GCM channel, this value is GCM.

          Version -> (integer)
              The current version of the GCM channel.



                                                          UPDATE-GCM-CHANNEL()
