UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ACTIVE-VERSION()              UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ACTIVE-VERSION()



NAME
       update-template-active-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  status of a specific version of a message template to ac-
       tive .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-template-active-version
          --template-active-version-request <value>
          --template-name <value>
          --template-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template-active-version-request (structure)
          Specifies which version of a message template to use as  the  active
          version of the template.

          Version -> (string)
              The version of the message template to use as the active version
              of the template. Valid values are: latest, for the  most  recent
              version  of  the template; or, the unique identifier for any ex-
              isting version of the template. If you  specify  an  identifier,
              the  value  must  match  the identifier for an existing template
              version. To retrieve a list of versions and version  identifiers
              for a template, use the Template Versionsresource.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Version=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Version": "string"
          }

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric character and can contain a maximum of 128  characters.
          The  characters  can be alphanumeric characters, underscores (_), or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --template-type (string)
          The type of channel that the message template is designed for. Valid
          values are: EMAIL, PUSH, SMS, and VOICE.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MessageBody -> (structure)
          Provides information about an API request or response.

          Message -> (string)
              The message that's returned from the API.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the request or response.



                                              UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ACTIVE-VERSION()
