UPDATE-VOICE-CHANNEL()                                  UPDATE-VOICE-CHANNEL()



NAME
       update-voice-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the voice channel for an application or updates the status and
       settings of the voice channel for an application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-voice-channel
          --application-id <value>
          --voice-channel-request <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the application. This identifier  is  dis-
          played as the Project ID on the Amazon Pinpoint console.

       --voice-channel-request (structure)
          Specifies the status and settings of the voice channel for an appli-
          cation.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether to enable the voice channel for  the  applica-
              tion.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Enabled=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Enabled": true|false
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VoiceChannelResponse -> (structure)
          Provides  information  about  the  status  and settings of the voice
          channel for an application.

          ApplicationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the application that the voice channel
              applies to.

          CreationDate -> (string)
              The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 format, when the voice channel
              was enabled.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the voice channel is enabled for the  applica-
              tion.

          HasCredential -> (boolean)
              (Not  used) This property is retained only for backward compati-
              bility.

          Id -> (string)
              (Deprecated) An identifier for the voice channel. This  property
              is retained only for backward compatibility.

          IsArchived -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the voice channel is archived.

          LastModifiedBy -> (string)
              The user who last modified the voice channel.

          LastModifiedDate -> (string)
              The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 format, when the voice channel
              was last modified.

          Platform -> (string)
              The type of messaging or notification platform for the  channel.
              For the voice channel, this value is VOICE.

          Version -> (integer)
              The current version of the voice channel.



                                                        UPDATE-VOICE-CHANNEL()
