UPDATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()                                    UPDATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       update-sms-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an existing message template for messages that are sent through
       the SMS channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-sms-template
          [--create-new-version | --no-create-new-version]
          --sms-template-request <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--template-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --create-new-version | --no-create-new-version (boolean)
          Specifies whether to save the updates as a new version of  the  mes-
          sage  template.  Valid  values  are: true, save the updates as a new
          version; and, false, save the updates to (overwrite) the latest  ex-
          isting version of the template.

          If  you  don't  specify  a value for this parameter, Amazon Pinpoint
          saves the updates to (overwrites) the latest existing version of the
          template.  If  you specify a value of true for this parameter, don't
          specify a value for the version parameter. Otherwise, an error  will
          occur.

       --sms-template-request (structure)
          Specifies  the  content and settings for a message template that can
          be used in text messages that are sent through the SMS channel.

          Body -> (string)
              The message body to use in text messages that are based  on  the
              message template.

          DefaultSubstitutions -> (string)
              A  JSON object that specifies the default values to use for mes-
              sage variables in the message template. This object is a set  of
              key-value pairs. Each key defines a message variable in the tem-
              plate. The corresponding value defines  the  default  value  for
              that  variable.  When  you  create a message that's based on the
              template, you can override these defaults with  message-specific
              and address-specific variables and values.

          RecommenderId -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier for the recommender model to use for the
              message template. Amazon Pinpoint uses this value  to  determine
              how  to  retrieve and process data from a recommender model when
              it sends messages that use the template, if  the  template  con-
              tains message variables for recommendation data.

          tags -> (map)
              A  string-to-string map of key-value pairs that defines the tags
              to associate with the message template. Each tag consists  of  a
              required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          TemplateDescription -> (string)
              A custom description of the message template.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Body=string,DefaultSubstitutions=string,RecommenderId=string,tags={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string},TemplateDescription=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Body": "string",
            "DefaultSubstitutions": "string",
            "RecommenderId": "string",
            "tags": {"string": "string"
              ...},
            "TemplateDescription": "string"
          }

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric character and can contain a maximum of 128  characters.
          The  characters  can be alphanumeric characters, underscores (_), or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --template-version (string)
          The unique identifier for the version of the message template to up-
          date, retrieve information about, or delete. To retrieve identifiers
          and other information for all the versions of a  template,  use  the
          Template Versionsresource.

          If  specified,  this value must match the identifier for an existing
          template version. If specified for an update operation,  this  value
          must  match  the  identifier  for the latest existing version of the
          template. This restriction helps ensure that race  conditions  don't
          occur.

          If  you  don't  specify  a value for this parameter, Amazon Pinpoint
          does the following:

          o For a get operation, retrieves information about the  active  ver-
            sion of the template.

          o For  an  update  operation,  saves the updates to (overwrites) the
            latest existing version of the template, if the create-new-version
            parameter isn't used or is set to false.

          o For  a  delete operation, deletes the template, including all ver-
            sions of the template.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MessageBody -> (structure)
          Provides information about an API request or response.

          Message -> (string)
              The message that's returned from the API.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the request or response.



                                                         UPDATE-SMS-TEMPLATE()
