UPDATE-VOICE-TEMPLATE()                                UPDATE-VOICE-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       update-voice-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an existing message template for messages that are sent through
       the voice channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-voice-template
          [--create-new-version | --no-create-new-version]
          --template-name <value>
          --voice-template-request <value>
          [--template-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --create-new-version | --no-create-new-version (boolean)
          Specifies whether to save the updates as a new version of  the  mes-
          sage  template.  Valid  values  are: true, save the updates as a new
          version; and, false, save the updates to (overwrite) the latest  ex-
          isting version of the template.

          If  you  don't  specify  a value for this parameter, Amazon Pinpoint
          saves the updates to (overwrites) the latest existing version of the
          template.  If  you specify a value of true for this parameter, don't
          specify a value for the version parameter. Otherwise, an error  will
          occur.

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the message template. A template name must start with an
          alphanumeric character and can contain a maximum of 128  characters.
          The  characters  can be alphanumeric characters, underscores (_), or
          hyphens (-). Template names are case sensitive.

       --voice-template-request (structure)
          Specifies the content and settings for a message template  that  can
          be used in messages that are sent through the voice channel.

          Body -> (string)
              The  text of the script to use in messages that are based on the
              message template, in plain text format.

          DefaultSubstitutions -> (string)
              A JSON object that specifies the default values to use for  mes-
              sage  variables in the message template. This object is a set of
              key-value pairs. Each key defines a message variable in the tem-
              plate.  The  corresponding  value  defines the default value for
              that variable. When you create a message  that's  based  on  the
              template,  you can override these defaults with message-specific
              and address-specific variables and values.

          LanguageCode -> (string)
              The code for the language to use when synthesizing the  text  of
              the  script  in messages that are based on the message template.
              For a list of supported languages and the code for each one, see
              the Amazon Polly Developer Guide .

          tags -> (map)
              A  string-to-string map of key-value pairs that defines the tags
              to associate with the message template. Each tag consists  of  a
              required tag key and an associated tag value.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          TemplateDescription -> (string)
              A custom description of the message template.

          VoiceId -> (string)
              The  name  of the voice to use when delivering messages that are
              based on the message template. For a list of  supported  voices,
              see the Amazon Polly Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Body=string,DefaultSubstitutions=string,LanguageCode=string,tags={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string},TemplateDescription=string,VoiceId=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Body": "string",
            "DefaultSubstitutions": "string",
            "LanguageCode": "string",
            "tags": {"string": "string"
              ...},
            "TemplateDescription": "string",
            "VoiceId": "string"
          }

       --template-version (string)
          The unique identifier for the version of the message template to up-
          date, retrieve information about, or delete. To retrieve identifiers
          and  other  information  for all the versions of a template, use the
          Template Versionsresource.

          If specified, this value must match the identifier for  an  existing
          template  version.  If specified for an update operation, this value
          must match the identifier for the latest  existing  version  of  the
          template.  This  restriction helps ensure that race conditions don't
          occur.

          If you don't specify a value for  this  parameter,  Amazon  Pinpoint
          does the following:

          o For  a  get operation, retrieves information about the active ver-
            sion of the template.

          o For an update operation, saves the  updates  to  (overwrites)  the
            latest existing version of the template, if the create-new-version
            parameter isn't used or is set to false.

          o For a delete operation, deletes the template, including  all  ver-
            sions of the template.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MessageBody -> (structure)
          Provides information about an API request or response.

          Message -> (string)
              The message that's returned from the API.

          RequestID -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the request or response.



                                                       UPDATE-VOICE-TEMPLATE()
