ASSIGN-VOLUME()                                                ASSIGN-VOLUME()



NAME
       assign-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns one of the stack's registered Amazon EBS volumes to a specified
       instance. The volume must first be registered with the stack by calling
       RegisterVolume  .  After you register the volume, you must call  Updat-
       eVolume to specify a mount point before calling AssignVolume . For more
       information, see Resource Management .
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            assign-volume
          --volume-id <value>
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-id (string)
          The volume ID.

       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To assign a registered volume to an instance

       The following example assigns a registered Amazon Elastic  Block  Store
       (Amazon  EBS)  volume  to an instance.  The volume is identified by its
       volume ID, which is the GUID that AWS OpsWorks assigns when you  regis-
       ter the volume with a stack, not the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Ama-
       zon EC2) volume ID.  Before you run assign-volume, you must  first  run
       update-volume to assign a mount point to the volume.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 assign-volume --instance-id 4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2 --volume-id 26cf1d32-6876-42fa-bbf1-9cadc0bff938

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information, see Assigning Amazon EBS Volumes to an Instance
       in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               ASSIGN-VOLUME()
