ASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()                                  ASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()



NAME
       associate-elastic-ip -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  one  of  the stack's registered Elastic IP addresses with a
       specified instance. The address must first be registered with the stack
       by calling  RegisterElasticIp . For more information, see Resource Man-
       agement .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-elastic-ip
          --elastic-ip <value>
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate an Elastic IP address with an instance

       The following example associates an Elastic IP address with a specified
       instance.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 associate-elastic-ip --instance-id dfe18b02-5327-493d-91a4-c5c0c448927f --elastic-ip 54.148.130.96

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Resource Management in the AWS OpsWorks  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        ASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()
