ATTACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()                  ATTACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       attach-elastic-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  an Elastic Load Balancing load balancer to a specified layer.
       AWS OpsWorks Stacks does not support Application Load Balancer. You can
       only  use  Classic Load Balancer with AWS OpsWorks Stacks. For more in-
       formation, see Elastic Load Balancing .

       NOTE:
              You must create the Elastic Load Balancing instance  separately,
              by  using  the  Elastic Load Balancing console, API, or CLI. For
              more information, see Elastic Load Balancing Developer Guide .

          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-elastic-load-balancer
          --elastic-load-balancer-name <value>
          --layer-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-load-balancer-name (string)
          The Elastic Load Balancing instance's name.

       --layer-id (string)
          The  ID of the layer to which the Elastic Load Balancing instance is
          to be attached.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To attach a load balancer to a layer

       The following example attaches a load balancer, identified by its name,
       to a specified layer.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 attach-elastic-load-balancer --elastic-load-balancer-name Java-LB --layer-id 888c5645-09a5-4d0e-95a8-812ef1db76a4

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information,  see Elastic Load Balancing in the AWS OpsWorks
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ATTACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()
