DELETE-INSTANCE()                                            DELETE-INSTANCE()



NAME
       delete-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  specified  instance, which terminates the associated Amazon
       EC2 instance. You must stop an instance before you can delete it.

       For more information, see Deleting Instances .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--delete-elastic-ip | --no-delete-elastic-ip]
          [--delete-volumes | --no-delete-volumes]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --delete-elastic-ip | --no-delete-elastic-ip (boolean)
          Whether to delete the instance Elastic IP address.

       --delete-volumes | --no-delete-volumes (boolean)
          Whether to delete the instance's Amazon EBS volumes.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an instance

       The  following  delete-instance  example  deletes a specified instance,
       which is identified by its instance ID. You can find an instance ID  by
       opening  the instance's details page in the AWS OpsWorks console, or by
       running the describe-instances command.

       If the instance is online, you must first stop the instance by  calling
       stop-instance,  and  then you must wait until the instance has stopped.
       Run describe-instances to check the instance status.

       To remove the instance's Amazon EBS volumes or  Elastic  IP  addresses,
       add  the  --delete-volumes  or  --delete-elastic-ip  arguments, respec-
       tively.:

          aws opsworks delete-instance \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --instance-id 3a21cfac-4a1f-4ce2-a921-b2cfba6f7771

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting AWS OpsWorks Instances  in  the  AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-INSTANCE()
