DELETE-STACK()                                                  DELETE-STACK()



NAME
       delete-stack -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a specified stack. You must first delete all instances, layers,
       and apps or deregister registered instances. For more information,  see
       Shut Down a Stack .
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-stack
          --stack-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a stack

       The following example deletes a specified stack, which is identified by
       its stack ID.  You can obtain a stack ID by clicking Stack Settings  on
       the AWS OpsWorks console or by running the describe-stacks command.

       Note:  Before  deleting  a  layer,  you must use delete-app, delete-in-
       stance, and delete-layer to delete all of the stack's apps,  instances,
       and layers.

          aws opsworks delete-stack --region us-east-1 --stack-id 154a9d89-7e9e-433b-8de8-617e53756c84

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information,  see Shut Down a Stack in the AWS OpsWorks User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-STACK()
