DELETE-USER-PROFILE()                                    DELETE-USER-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-user-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a user profile.
          Required  Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must have an
          attached policy that explicitly grants permissions. For more  infor-
          mation about user permissions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-profile
          --iam-user-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --iam-user-arn (string)
          The user's IAM ARN. This can also be a federated user's ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a user profile and remove an IAM user from AWS OpsWorks

       The  following  example  deletes  the  user profile for a specified AWS
       Identity and Access Management (IAM) user, who is identified by  Amazon
       Resource  Name (ARN). The operation removes the user from AWS OpsWorks,
       but does not delete the IAM user. You must use the IAM console, CLI, or
       API for that task.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 delete-user-profile --iam-user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789102:user/cli-user-test

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more information, see Importing Users into AWS OpsWorks in the AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-USER-PROFILE()
