DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()                                    DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()



NAME
       deregister-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregister a registered Amazon EC2 or on-premises instance. This action
       removes the instance from the stack and returns  it  to  your  control.
       This  action  cannot  be used with instances that were created with AWS
       OpsWorks Stacks.
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level  for the stack or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To deregister a registered instance from a stack

       The  following deregister-instance command deregisters a registered in-
       stance from its stack.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 deregister-instance --instance-id 4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Deregistering a Registered  Instance  in  the
       AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()
