DEREGISTER-VOLUME()                                        DEREGISTER-VOLUME()



NAME
       deregister-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters  an Amazon EBS volume. The volume can then be registered by
       another stack. For more information, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-volume
          --volume-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-id (string)
          The  AWS  OpsWorks  Stacks  volume  ID,  which  is the GUID that AWS
          OpsWorks Stacks assigned to the instance  when  you  registered  the
          volume with the stack, not the Amazon EC2 volume ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister an Amazon EBS volume

       The  following  example  deregisters an EBS volume from its stack.  The
       volume is identified by its volume ID,  which  is  the  GUID  that  AWS
       OpsWorks  assigned  when  you registered the volume with the stack, not
       the EC2 volume ID.

          aws opsworks deregister-volume --region us-east-1 --volume-id 5c48ef52-3144-4bf5-beaa-fda4deb23d4d

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Deregistering Amazon EBS Volumes in  the  AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DEREGISTER-VOLUME()
