DEREGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()                                DEREGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()



NAME
       deregister-elastic-ip -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters  a  specified  Elastic  IP address. The address can then be
       registered by another stack. For more information, see Resource Manage-
       ment .
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-elastic-ip
          --elastic-ip <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister an Elastic IP address from a stack

       The following example deregisters an Elastic IP address, identified  by
       its IP address, from its stack.

          aws opsworks deregister-elastic-ip --region us-east-1 --elastic-ip 54.148.130.96

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Deregistering Elastic IP Addresses in the AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DEREGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()
