DEREGISTER-ECS-CLUSTER()                              DEREGISTER-ECS-CLUSTER()



NAME
       deregister-ecs-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters  a  specified Amazon ECS cluster from a stack. For more in-
       formation, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level  for the stack or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions,                                                           see
          https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opsworks/latest/userguide/opsworks-security-users.html
          .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-ecs-cluster
          --ecs-cluster-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ecs-cluster-arn (string)
          The cluster's Amazon Resource Number (ARN).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DEREGISTER-ECS-CLUSTER()
