DESCRIBE-OPERATING-SYSTEMS()                      DESCRIBE-OPERATING-SYSTEMS()



NAME
       describe-operating-systems -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  operating  systems  that  are supported by AWS OpsWorks
       Stacks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-operating-systems
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       OperatingSystems -> (list)
          Contains information in response to a  DescribeOperatingSystems  re-
          quest.

          (structure)
              Describes supported operating systems in AWS OpsWorks Stacks.

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the  operating  system,  such  as Amazon Linux
                 2018.03 .

              Id -> (string)
                 The ID of a supported operating system, such as Amazon  Linux
                 2018.03 .

              Type -> (string)
                 The  type  of  a  supported operating system, either Linux or
                 Windows .

              ConfigurationManagers -> (list)
                 Supported configuration manager name and versions for an  AWS
                 OpsWorks Stacks operating system.

                 (structure)
                     A block that contains information about the configuration
                     manager (Chef) and the versions of the configuration man-
                     ager that are supported for an operating system.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the configuration manager, which is Chef.

                     Version -> (string)
                        The  versions  of  the  configuration manager that are
                        supported by an operating system.

              ReportedName -> (string)
                 A short name for the operating system manufacturer.

              ReportedVersion -> (string)
                 The version of the operating system,  including  the  release
                 and edition, if applicable.

              Supported -> (boolean)
                 Indicates  that  an operating system is not supported for new
                 instances.



                                                  DESCRIBE-OPERATING-SYSTEMS()
