DESCRIBE-PERMISSIONS()                                  DESCRIBE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       describe-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the permissions for a specified stack.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-permissions
          [--iam-user-arn <value>]
          [--stack-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --iam-user-arn (string)
          The user's IAM ARN. This can also be a  federated  user's  ARN.  For
          more information about IAM ARNs, see Using Identifiers .

       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To obtain a user's per-stack AWS OpsWorks permission level

       The following example shows how to to obtain an AWS Identity and Access
       Management (IAM) user's permission level on a specified stack.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 describe-permissions --iam-user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/cli-user-test --stack-id d72553d4-8727-448c-9b00-f024f0ba1b06

       Output:

          {
            "Permissions": [
              {
                "StackId": "d72553d4-8727-448c-9b00-f024f0ba1b06",
                "IamUserArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/cli-user-test",
                "Level": "manage",
                "AllowSudo": true,
                "AllowSsh": true
              }
            ]
          }

       More Information

       For more information, see Granting Per-Stack Permissions Levels in  the
       AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Permissions -> (list)
          An array of Permission objects that describe the stack permissions.

          o If the request object contains only a stack ID, the array contains
            a Permission object with permissions for each  of  the  stack  IAM
            ARNs.

          o If the request object contains only an IAM ARN, the array contains
            a Permission object with permissions for each of the user's  stack
            IDs.

          o If  the request contains a stack ID and an IAM ARN, the array con-
            tains a single Permission object with permissions for  the  speci-
            fied stack and IAM ARN.

          (structure)
              Describes stack or user permissions.

              StackId -> (string)
                 A stack ID.

              IamUserArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an AWS Identity and Access
                 Management (IAM) role. For more information about  IAM  ARNs,
                 see Using Identifiers .

              AllowSsh -> (boolean)
                 Whether the user can use SSH.

              AllowSudo -> (boolean)
                 Whether the user can use sudo .

              Level -> (string)
                 The user's permission level, which must be the following:

                 o deny

                 o show

                 o deploy

                 o manage

                 o iam_only

                 For more information on the permissions associated with these
                 levels, see Managing User Permissions



                                                        DESCRIBE-PERMISSIONS()
