DETACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()                  DETACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       detach-elastic-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches a specified Elastic Load Balancing instance from its layer.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-elastic-load-balancer
          --elastic-load-balancer-name <value>
          --layer-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-load-balancer-name (string)
          The Elastic Load Balancing instance's name.

       --layer-id (string)
          The ID of the layer that the Elastic Load Balancing instance is  at-
          tached to.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To detach a load balancer from its layer

       The following example detaches a load balancer, identified by its name,
       from its layer.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 detach-elastic-load-balancer --elastic-load-balancer-name Java-LB --layer-id 888c5645-09a5-4d0e-95a8-812ef1db76a4

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Elastic Load Balancing in  the  AWS  OpsWorks
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                DETACH-ELASTIC-LOAD-BALANCER()
