DISASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()                            DISASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()



NAME
       disassociate-elastic-ip -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  an Elastic IP address from its instance. The address re-
       mains registered with the stack. For  more  information,  see  Resource
       Management .
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-elastic-ip
          --elastic-ip <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disassociate an Elastic IP address from an instance

       The following example disassociates an Elastic IP address from a speci-
       fied instance.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 disassociate-elastic-ip --elastic-ip 54.148.130.96

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more information, see Resource Management in the AWS OpsWorks User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DISASSOCIATE-ELASTIC-IP()
