GET-HOSTNAME-SUGGESTION()                            GET-HOSTNAME-SUGGESTION()



NAME
       get-hostname-suggestion -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  generated host name for the specified layer, based on the cur-
       rent host name theme.
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-hostname-suggestion
          --layer-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --layer-id (string)
          The layer ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the next hostname for a layer

       The  following example gets the next generated hostname for a specified
       layer. The layer used for this example is  a  Java  Application  Server
       layer  with  one  instance.  The stack's hostname theme is the default,
       Layer_Dependent.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 get-hostname-suggestion --layer-id 888c5645-09a5-4d0e-95a8-812ef1db76a4

       Output:

          {
            "Hostname": "java-app2",
            "LayerId": "888c5645-09a5-4d0e-95a8-812ef1db76a4"
          }

       More Information

       For more information, see Create a New Stack in the AWS  OpsWorks  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       LayerId -> (string)
          The layer ID.

       Hostname -> (string)
          The generated host name.



                                                     GET-HOSTNAME-SUGGESTION()
