GRANT-ACCESS()                                                  GRANT-ACCESS()



NAME
       grant-access -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This action can be used only with Windows stacks.

       Grants RDP access to a Windows instance for a specified time period.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            grant-access
          --instance-id <value>
          [--valid-for-in-minutes <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance's AWS OpsWorks Stacks ID.

       --valid-for-in-minutes (integer)
          The  length  of  time (in minutes) that the grant is valid. When the
          grant expires at the end of this period, the user will no longer  be
          able  to  use the credentials to log in. If the user is logged in at
          the time, he or she automatically will be logged out.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TemporaryCredential -> (structure)
          A TemporaryCredential object that contains the data needed to log in
          to the instance by RDP clients, such as the Microsoft Remote Desktop
          Connection.

          Username -> (string)
              The user name.

          Password -> (string)
              The password.

          ValidForInMinutes -> (integer)
              The length of time (in minutes) that the grant  is  valid.  When
              the  grant  expires, at the end of this period, the user will no
              longer be able to use the credentials to log  in.  If  they  are
              logged in at the time, they will be automatically logged out.

          InstanceId -> (string)
              The instance's AWS OpsWorks Stacks ID.



                                                                GRANT-ACCESS()
