REBOOT-INSTANCE()                                            REBOOT-INSTANCE()



NAME
       reboot-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Reboots a specified instance. For more information, see Starting, Stop-
       ping, and Rebooting Instances .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reboot-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reboot an instance

       The following example reboots an instance.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 reboot-instance --instance-id dfe18b02-5327-493d-91a4-c5c0c448927f

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information,  see  Rebooting an Instance in the AWS OpsWorks
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             REBOOT-INSTANCE()
