REGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()                                    REGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()



NAME
       register-elastic-ip -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  an Elastic IP address with a specified stack. An address can
       be registered with only one stack at a time. If the address is  already
       registered,  you  must  first deregister it by calling  DeregisterElas-
       ticIp . For more information, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-elastic-ip
          --elastic-ip <value>
          --stack-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --elastic-ip (string)
          The Elastic IP address.

       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To register an Elastic IP address with a stack

       The  following  example  registers an Elastic IP address, identified by
       its IP address, with a specified stack.

       Note: The Elastic IP address must be in the same region as the stack.

          aws opsworks register-elastic-ip --region us-east-1 --stack-id d72553d4-8727-448c-9b00-f024f0ba1b06 --elastic-ip 54.148.130.96

       Output

          {
            "ElasticIp": "54.148.130.96"
          }

       More Information

       For more information, see Registering Elastic IP Addresses with a Stack
       in the OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ElasticIp -> (string)
          The Elastic IP address.



                                                         REGISTER-ELASTIC-IP()
