REGISTER-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()                          REGISTER-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()



NAME
       register-rds-db-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers an Amazon RDS instance with a stack.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-rds-db-instance
          --stack-id <value>
          --rds-db-instance-arn <value>
          --db-user <value>
          --db-password <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --rds-db-instance-arn (string)
          The Amazon RDS instance's ARN.

       --db-user (string)
          The database's master user name.

       --db-password (string)
          The database password.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To register an Amazon RDS instance with a stack

       The following example registers an Amazon RDS DB  instance,  identified
       by  its  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN), with a specified stack.  It also
       specifies the instance's master username and password.  Note  that  AWS
       OpsWorks does not validate either of these values. If either one is in-
       correct, your application will not be able to connect to the database.

          aws opsworks register-rds-db-instance --region us-east-1 --stack-id d72553d4-8727-448c-9b00-f024f0ba1b06 --rds-db-instance-arn arn:aws:rds:us-west-2:123456789012:db:clitestdb  --db-user cliuser --db-password some23!pwd

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Registering Amazon RDS Instances with a Stack
       in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    REGISTER-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()
