REGISTER-VOLUME()                                            REGISTER-VOLUME()



NAME
       register-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  an Amazon EBS volume with a specified stack. A volume can be
       registered with only one stack at a time. If the volume is already reg-
       istered,  you  must  first deregister it by calling  DeregisterVolume .
       For more information, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-volume
          [--ec2-volume-id <value>]
          --stack-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ec2-volume-id (string)
          The Amazon EBS volume ID.

       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To register an Amazon EBS volume with a stack

       The following example registers an Amazon EBS volume, identified by its
       volume ID, with a specified stack.

          aws opsworks register-volume --region us-east-1 --stack-id d72553d4-8727-448c-9b00-f024f0ba1b06 --ec-2-volume-id vol-295c1638

       Output:

          {
            "VolumeId": "ee08039c-7cb7-469f-be10-40fb7f0c05e8"
          }

       More Information

       For more information, see Registering Amazon EBS Volumes with  a  Stack
       in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       VolumeId -> (string)
          The volume ID.



                                                             REGISTER-VOLUME()
