SET-PERMISSION()                                              SET-PERMISSION()



NAME
       set-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Specifies  a user's permissions. For more information, see Security and
       Permissions .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-permission
          --stack-id <value>
          --iam-user-arn <value>
          [--allow-ssh | --no-allow-ssh]
          [--allow-sudo | --no-allow-sudo]
          [--level <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --iam-user-arn (string)
          The user's IAM ARN. This can also be a federated user's ARN.

       --allow-ssh | --no-allow-ssh (boolean)
          The user is allowed to use SSH to communicate with the instance.

       --allow-sudo | --no-allow-sudo (boolean)
          The user is allowed to use sudo to elevate privileges.

       --level (string)
          The user's permission level, which must be set to one of the follow-
          ing strings. You cannot set your own permissions level.

          o deny

          o show

          o deploy

          o manage

          o iam_only

          For more information about the  permissions  associated  with  these
          levels, see Managing User Permissions .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To grant per-stack AWS OpsWorks permission levels

       When  you  import an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user into
       AWS OpsWorks by calling create-user-profile, the user  has  only  those
       permissions  that  are  granted  by the attached IAM policies.  You can
       grant AWS OpsWorks permissions by modifying a  user's  policies.   How-
       ever,  it is often easier to import a user and then use the set-permis-
       sion command to grant the user one of the  standard  permission  levels
       for each stack to which the user will need access.

       The  following  example grants permission for the specified stack for a
       user, who is identified by Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN).  The  example
       grants  the  user  a Manage permissions level, with sudo and SSH privi-
       leges on the stack's instances.

          aws opsworks set-permission --region us-east-1 --stack-id 71c7ca72-55ae-4b6a-8ee1-a8dcded3fa0f --level manage  --iam-user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789102:user/cli-user-test --allow-ssh --allow-sudo

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Granting AWS OpsWorks Users Per-Stack Permis-
       sions in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              SET-PERMISSION()
