START-INSTANCE()                                              START-INSTANCE()



NAME
       start-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  a specified instance. For more information, see Starting, Stop-
       ping, and Rebooting Instances .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To start an instance

       The following start-instance command starts a specified 24/7 instance.

          aws opsworks start-instance --instance-id f705ee48-9000-4890-8bd3-20eb05825aaf

       Output: None. Use describe-instances to check the instance's status.

       Tip You can start every offline instance in a stack with one command by
       calling start-stack.

       More Information

       For more information, see Manually Starting,  Stopping,  and  Rebooting
       24/7 Instances in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              START-INSTANCE()
