START-STACK()                                                    START-STACK()



NAME
       start-stack -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts a stack's instances.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-stack
          --stack-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-id (string)
          The stack ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To start a stack's instances

       The following example starts all of a stack's 24/7 instances.  To start
       a particular instance, use start-instance.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 start-stack --stack-id 8c428b08-a1a1-46ce-a5f8-feddc43771b8

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Starting an Instance in the AWS OpsWorks User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 START-STACK()
