STOP-INSTANCE()                                                STOP-INSTANCE()



NAME
       stop-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops a specified instance. When you stop a standard instance, the data
       disappears and must be reinstalled when you restart the  instance.  You
       can  stop  an  Amazon EBS-backed instance without losing data. For more
       information, see Starting, Stopping, and Rebooting Instances .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  to  force an instance to stop. If the instance's
          root device type is ebs , or EBS-backed, adding the Force  parameter
          to  the StopInstances API call disassociates the AWS OpsWorks Stacks
          instance from EC2, and forces deletion of only the  OpsWorks  Stacks
          instance.  You  must also delete the formerly-associated instance in
          EC2 after troubleshooting and replacing the AWS OpsWorks Stacks  in-
          stance with a new one.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop an instance

       The  following  example stops a specified instance, which is identified
       by its instance ID.  You can obtain an instance ID by going to the  in-
       stance's details page on the AWS OpsWorks console or by running the de-
       scribe-instances command.

          aws opsworks stop-instance --region us-east-1 --instance-id 3a21cfac-4a1f-4ce2-a921-b2cfba6f7771

       You can restart a stopped instance  by  calling  start-instance  or  by
       deleting the instance by calling delete-instance.

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Stopping an Instance in the AWS OpsWorks User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               STOP-INSTANCE()
