UNASSIGN-INSTANCE()                                        UNASSIGN-INSTANCE()



NAME
       unassign-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Unassigns  a registered instance from all layers that are using the in-
       stance. The instance remains in the stack as  an  unassigned  instance,
       and can be assigned to another layer as needed. You cannot use this ac-
       tion with instances that were created with AWS OpsWorks Stacks.
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level  for the stack or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information about user  per-
          missions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unassign-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To unassign a registered instance from its layers

       The following unassign-instance command unassigns an instance from  its
       attached layers.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 unassign-instance --instance-id 4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more information, see Unassigning a Registered Instance in the AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           UNASSIGN-INSTANCE()
