UNASSIGN-VOLUME()                                            UNASSIGN-VOLUME()



NAME
       unassign-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Unassigns  an assigned Amazon EBS volume. The volume remains registered
       with the stack. For more information, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unassign-volume
          --volume-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-id (string)
          The volume ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To unassign a volume from its instance

       The following example unassigns a registered Amazon Elastic Block Store
       (Amazon EBS) volume from its instance.  The volume is identified by its
       volume  ID, which is the GUID that AWS OpsWorks assigns when you regis-
       ter the volume with a stack, not the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Ama-
       zon EC2) volume ID.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 unassign-volume --volume-id 8430177d-52b7-4948-9c62-e195af4703df

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information,  see  Unassigning Amazon EBS Volumes in the AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             UNASSIGN-VOLUME()
