UPDATE-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()                              UPDATE-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()



NAME
       update-rds-db-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an Amazon RDS instance.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-rds-db-instance
          --rds-db-instance-arn <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--db-password <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rds-db-instance-arn (string)
          The Amazon RDS instance's ARN.

       --db-user (string)
          The master user name.

       --db-password (string)
          The database password.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a registered Amazon RDS DB instance

       The following example updates an Amazon RDS instance's master  password
       value.   Note that this command does not change the RDS instance's mas-
       ter password, just the password that you provide to AWS  OpsWorks.   If
       this password does not match the RDS instance's password, your applica-
       tion will not be able to connect to the database.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 update-rds-db-instance --db-password 123456789

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Registering Amazon RDS Instances with a Stack
       in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      UPDATE-RDS-DB-INSTANCE()
