UPDATE-VOLUME()                                                UPDATE-VOLUME()



NAME
       update-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  an  Amazon EBS volume's name or mount point. For more informa-
       tion, see Resource Management .
          Required Permissions : To use this action, an IAM user must  have  a
          Manage  permissions  level for the stack, or an attached policy that
          explicitly grants permissions. For more information on user  permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-volume
          --volume-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--mount-point <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-id (string)
          The volume ID.

       --name (string)
          The new name.

       --mount-point (string)
          The new mount point.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a registered volume

       The  following  example updates a registered Amazon Elastic Block Store
       (Amazon EBS) volume's mount point.  The volume  is  identified  by  its
       volume  ID,  which  is the GUID that AWS OpsWorks assigns to the volume
       when you register it with a stack, not the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
       (Amazon EC2) volume ID.:

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 update-volume --volume-id 8430177d-52b7-4948-9c62-e195af4703df --mount-point /mnt/myvol

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For  more  information, see Assigning Amazon EBS Volumes to an Instance
       in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               UPDATE-VOLUME()
