UPDATE-INSTANCE()                                            UPDATE-INSTANCE()



NAME
       update-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a specified instance.
          Required  Permissions  : To use this action, an IAM user must have a
          Manage permissions level for the stack, or an attached  policy  that
          explicitly  grants permissions. For more information on user permis-
          sions, see Managing User Permissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--layer-ids <value>]
          [--instance-type <value>]
          [--auto-scaling-type <value>]
          [--hostname <value>]
          [--os <value>]
          [--ami-id <value>]
          [--ssh-key-name <value>]
          [--architecture <value>]
          [--install-updates-on-boot | --no-install-updates-on-boot]
          [--ebs-optimized | --no-ebs-optimized]
          [--agent-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The instance ID.

       --layer-ids (list)
          The instance's layer IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --instance-type (string)
          The instance type, such as t2.micro . For a list  of  supported  in-
          stance  types, open the stack in the console, choose Instances , and
          choose + Instance . The Size list contains the  currently  supported
          types.  For  more information, see Instance Families and Types . The
          parameter values that you use to specify the various  types  are  in
          the API Name column of the Available Instance Types table.

       --auto-scaling-type (string)
          For load-based or time-based instances, the type. Windows stacks can
          use only time-based instances.

          Possible values:

          o load

          o timer

       --hostname (string)
          The instance host name.

       --os (string)
          The instance's operating system, which must be set  to  one  of  the
          following. You cannot update an instance that is using a custom AMI.

          o A  supported Linux operating system: An Amazon Linux version, such
            as Amazon Linux 2018.03 , Amazon  Linux  2017.09  ,  Amazon  Linux
            2017.03  ,  Amazon  Linux  2016.09 , Amazon Linux 2016.03 , Amazon
            Linux 2015.09 , or Amazon Linux 2015.03 .

          o A supported Ubuntu operating system, such as Ubuntu  16.04  LTS  ,
            Ubuntu 14.04 LTS , or Ubuntu 12.04 LTS .

          o CentOS Linux 7

          o Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7

          o A  supported  Windows  operating system, such as Microsoft Windows
            Server 2012 R2 Base , Microsoft Windows Server 2012  R2  with  SQL
            Server  Express , Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 with SQL Server
            Standard , or Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 with SQL Server Web
            .

          For  more  information  about  supported  operating systems, see AWS
          OpsWorks Stacks Operating Systems .

          The default option is the current Amazon Linux version. If  you  set
          this parameter to Custom , you must use the AmiId parameter to spec-
          ify the custom AMI that you want to use. For more information  about
          supported operating systems, see Operating Systems . For more infor-
          mation about how to use custom AMIs with OpsWorks, see Using  Custom
          AMIs .

          NOTE:
              You  can  specify a different Linux operating system for the up-
              dated stack, but you cannot change from Linux to Windows or Win-
              dows to Linux.

       --ami-id (string)
          The ID of the AMI that was used to create the instance. The value of
          this parameter must be the same AMI ID that the instance is  already
          using.  You cannot apply a new AMI to an instance by running Update-
          Instance. UpdateInstance does not work on instances that  are  using
          custom AMIs.

       --ssh-key-name (string)
          The instance's Amazon EC2 key name.

       --architecture (string)
          The instance architecture. Instance types do not necessarily support
          both architectures. For a list of the architectures  that  are  sup-
          ported  by  the  different instance types, see Instance Families and
          Types .

          Possible values:

          o x86_64

          o i386

       --install-updates-on-boot | --no-install-updates-on-boot (boolean)
          Whether to install operating system and package updates when the in-
          stance  boots.  The  default value is true . To control when updates
          are installed, set this value to false . You must then  update  your
          instances  manually by using  CreateDeployment to run the update_de-
          pendencies stack command or by manually running yum  (Amazon  Linux)
          or apt-get (Ubuntu) on the instances.

          NOTE:
              We  strongly  recommend using the default value of true , to en-
              sure that your instances have the latest security updates.

       --ebs-optimized | --no-ebs-optimized (boolean)
          This property cannot be updated.

       --agent-version (string)
          The default AWS OpsWorks Stacks agent version. You have the  follow-
          ing options:

          o INHERIT - Use the stack's default agent version setting.

          o version_number - Use the specified agent version. This value over-
            rides the stack's default setting. To update  the  agent  version,
            you  must  edit  the instance configuration and specify a new ver-
            sion. AWS OpsWorks Stacks then automatically installs that version
            on the instance.

          The  default  setting  is INHERIT . To specify an agent version, you
          must use the complete version number,  not  the  abbreviated  number
          shown on the console. For a list of available agent version numbers,
          call  DescribeAgentVersions .

          AgentVersion cannot be set to Chef 12.2.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update an instance

       The following example updates a specified instance's type.

          aws opsworks --region us-east-1 update-instance --instance-id dfe18b02-5327-493d-91a4-c5c0c448927f --instance-type c3.xlarge

       Output: None.

       More Information

       For more information, see Editing the Instance Configuration in the AWS
       OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             UPDATE-INSTANCE()
