CREATE-PROJECT()                                              CREATE-PROJECT()



NAME
       create-project -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a new Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels project. A project is a
       group of resources (datasets, model versions) that you  use  to  create
       and manage Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels models.

       This  operation  requires  permissions  to perform the rekognition:Cre-
       ateProject action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-project
          --project-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The name of the project to create.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ProjectArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the new project. You can  use  the
          ARN to configure IAM access to the project.



                                                              CREATE-PROJECT()
