DELETE-FACES()                                                  DELETE-FACES()



NAME
       delete-faces -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes faces from a collection. You specify a collection ID and an ar-
       ray of face IDs to remove from the collection.

       This operation requires permissions to perform the  rekognition:Delete-
       Faces action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-faces
          --collection-id <value>
          --face-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-id (string)
          Collection from which to remove the specific faces.

       --face-ids (list)
          An array of face IDs to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete faces from a collection

       The  following  delete-faces  command deletes the specified face from a
       collection.

          aws rekognition delete-faces \
              --collection-id MyCollection
              --face-ids '["0040279c-0178-436e-b70a-e61b074e96b0"]'

       Output:

          {
              "DeletedFaces": [
                  "0040279c-0178-436e-b70a-e61b074e96b0"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Deleting Faces from a Collection in the  Ama-
       zon Rekognition Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       DeletedFaces -> (list)
          An array of strings (face IDs) of the faces that were deleted.

          (string)



                                                                DELETE-FACES()
