DELETE-COLLECTION()                                        DELETE-COLLECTION()



NAME
       delete-collection -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified collection. Note that this operation removes all
       faces in the collection. For an example, see   delete-collection-proce-
       dure .

       This   operation   requires   permissions   to   perform  the  rekogni-
       tion:DeleteCollection action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-collection
          --collection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-id (string)
          ID of the collection to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a collection

       The following delete-collection command deletes the  specified  collec-
       tion.

          aws rekognition delete-collection \
              --collection-id MyCollection

       Output:

          {
              "StatusCode": 200
          }

       For  more information, see Deleting a Collection in the Amazon Rekogni-
       tion Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       StatusCode -> (integer)
          HTTP status code that indicates the result of the operation.



                                                           DELETE-COLLECTION()
