DELETE-PROJECT()                                              DELETE-PROJECT()



NAME
       delete-project -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  Amazon  Rekognition  Custom  Labels  project.  To delete a
       project you must first delete all models associated with  the  project.
       To delete a model, see  DeleteProjectVersion .
          DeleteProject  is an asynchronous operation. To check if the project
          is deleted, call  DescribeProjects . The project is deleted when the
          project no longer appears in the response.

       This   operation   requires   permissions   to   perform  the  rekogni-
       tion:DeleteProject action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-project
          --project-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  project  that  you  want  to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The current status of the delete project operation.



                                                              DELETE-PROJECT()
