DELETE-DATASET()                                              DELETE-DATASET()



NAME
       delete-dataset -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an existing Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels dataset. Deleting
       a dataset might take while. Use  DescribeDataset to check  the  current
       status.  The  dataset  is  still  deleting  if  the  value of Status is
       DELETE_IN_PROGRESS . If you try to  access  the  dataset  after  it  is
       deleted, you get a ResourceNotFoundException exception.

       You  can't  delete  a  dataset  while  it  is  creating  (Status = CRE-
       ATE_IN_PROGRESS  )  or  if  the  dataset  is  updating  (Status  =  UP-
       DATE_IN_PROGRESS ).

       This  operation requires permissions to perform the rekognition:Delete-
       Dataset action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-dataset
          --dataset-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Amazon Rekognition Custom  Labels  dataset  that  you
          want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-DATASET()
