DELETE-PROJECT-POLICY()                                DELETE-PROJECT-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-project-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an existing project policy.

       To get a list of project policies attached to a project, call  ListPro-
       jectPolicies . To attach a project policy to a project,  call   PutPro-
       jectPolicy .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-project-policy
          --project-arn <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--policy-revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the project that the project pol-
          icy you want to delete is attached to.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy that you want to delete.

       --policy-revision-id (string)
          The ID of the project policy revision that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-PROJECT-POLICY()
