DESCRIBE-PROJECTS()                                        DESCRIBE-PROJECTS()



NAME
       describe-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about your Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels projects.

       This  operation  requires  permissions  to  perform the rekognition:De-
       scribeProjects action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-projects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: ProjectDescriptions

SYNOPSIS
            describe-projects
          [--project-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-names (list)
          A  list  of the projects that you want Amazon Rekognition Custom La-
          bels to describe. If you don't specify a  value,  the  response  in-
          cludes descriptions for all the projects in your AWS account.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ProjectDescriptions -> (list)
          A list of project descriptions. The list is sorted by the  date  and
          time the projects are created.

          (structure)
              A  description  of  an Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels project.
              For more information, see  DescribeProjects .

              ProjectArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the project.

              CreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix timestamp for the date and time that the project was
                 created.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current status of the project.

              Datasets -> (list)
                 Information  about  the  training  and  test  datasets in the
                 project.

                 (structure)
                     Summary information for an Amazon Rekognition Custom  La-
                     bels  dataset. For more information, see  ProjectDescrip-
                     tion .

                     CreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                        The Unix timestamp for the  date  and  time  that  the
                        dataset was created.

                     DatasetType -> (string)
                        The type of the dataset.

                     DatasetArn -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the dataset.

                     Status -> (string)
                        The status for the dataset.

                     StatusMessage -> (string)
                        The status message for the dataset.

                     StatusMessageCode -> (string)
                        The  status message code for the dataset operation. If
                        a service error occurs, try the API call again  later.
                        If  a  client error occurs, check the input parameters
                        to the dataset API call that failed.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is  more  re-
          sults to retrieve), Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels returns a pagi-
          nation token in the response. You can use this pagination  token  to
          retrieve the next set of results.



                                                           DESCRIBE-PROJECTS()
