DESCRIBE-COLLECTION()                                    DESCRIBE-COLLECTION()



NAME
       describe-collection -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  specified collection. You can use DescribeCollection to
       get information, such as the number of faces indexed into a  collection
       and the version of the model used by the collection for face detection.

       For  more information, see Describing a Collection in the Amazon Rekog-
       nition Developer Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-collection
          --collection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-id (string)
          The ID of the collection to describe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe a collection

       The  following  describe-collection  example displays the details about
       the specified collection.

          aws rekognition describe-collection \
              --collection-id MyCollection

       Output:

          {
              "FaceCount": 200,
              "CreationTimestamp": 1569444828.274,
              "CollectionARN": "arn:aws:rekognition:us-west-2:123456789012:collection/MyCollection",
              "FaceModelVersion": "4.0"
          }

       For more information, see Describing a Collection in the Amazon  Rekog-
       nition Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       FaceCount -> (long)
          The  number  of faces that are indexed into the collection. To index
          faces into a collection, use  IndexFaces .

       FaceModelVersion -> (string)
          The version of the face model that's used by the collection for face
          detection.

          For more information, see Model Versioning in the Amazon Rekognition
          Developer Guide.

       CollectionARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the collection.

       CreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
          The number of milliseconds since the Unix epoch time until the  cre-
          ation of the collection. The Unix epoch time is 00:00:00 Coordinated
          Universal Time (UTC), Thursday, 1 January 1970.



                                                         DESCRIBE-COLLECTION()
