DISTRIBUTE-DATASET-ENTRIES()                      DISTRIBUTE-DATASET-ENTRIES()



NAME
       distribute-dataset-entries -

DESCRIPTION
       Distributes  the  entries  (images)  in  a  training dataset across the
       training dataset and the test dataset for a project.  DistributeDatase-
       tEntries  moves 20% of the training dataset images to the test dataset.
       An entry is a JSON Line that describes an image.

       You supply the Amazon Resource Names  (ARN)  of  a  project's  training
       dataset  and test dataset. The training dataset must contain the images
       that you want to split. The test dataset must be  empty.  The  datasets
       must  belong  to the same project. To create training and test datasets
       for a project, call  CreateDataset .

       Distributing a dataset takes a while to complete. To check  the  status
       call  DescribeDataset . The operation is complete when the Status field
       for the training dataset and the test dataset is UPDATE_COMPLETE  .  If
       the dataset split fails, the value of Status is UPDATE_FAILED .

       This  operation  requires  permissions  to perform the rekognition:Dis-
       tributeDatasetEntries action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            distribute-dataset-entries
          --datasets <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --datasets (list)
          The ARNS for the training dataset and test dataset that you want  to
          use.  The datasets must belong to the same project. The test dataset
          must be empty.

          (structure)
              A training dataset or a test dataset used in a dataset distribu-
              tion  operation. For more information, see  DistributeDatasetEn-
              tries .

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset that  you  want
                 to use.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Arn=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Arn": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DISTRIBUTE-DATASET-ENTRIES()
