GET-CELEBRITY-INFO()                                      GET-CELEBRITY-INFO()



NAME
       get-celebrity-info -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  name  and  additional information about a celebrity based on
       their Amazon Rekognition ID. The additional information is returned  as
       an  array  of  URLs.  If  there  is no additional information about the
       celebrity, this list is empty.

       For more information, see Recognizing Celebrities in an  Image  in  the
       Amazon Rekognition Developer Guide.

       This   operation   requires   permissions   to   perform  the  rekogni-
       tion:GetCelebrityInfo action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-celebrity-info
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID for the celebrity. You get the celebrity ID from  a  call  to
          the  RecognizeCelebrities operation, which recognizes celebrities in
          an image.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about a celebrity

       The following get-celebrity-info command displays information about the
       specified  celebrity.  The  id  parameter comes from a previous call to
       recognize-celebrities.

          aws rekognition get-celebrity-info --id nnnnnnn

       Output:

          {
              "Name": "Celeb A",
              "Urls": [
                  "www.imdb.com/name/aaaaaaaaa"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Getting Information About a Celebrity in  the
       Amazon Rekognition Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Urls -> (list)
          An array of URLs pointing to additional celebrity information.

          (string)

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the celebrity.

       KnownGender -> (structure)
          Retrieves the known gender for the celebrity.

          Type -> (string)
              A string value of the KnownGender info about the Celebrity.



                                                          GET-CELEBRITY-INFO()
