LIST-STREAM-PROCESSORS()                              LIST-STREAM-PROCESSORS()



NAME
       list-stream-processors -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  list  of  stream processors that you have created with  Creat-
       eStreamProcessor .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-stream-processors is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: StreamProcessors

SYNOPSIS
            list-stream-processors
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the stream processors in your account

       The following list-stream-processors command lists the  stream  proces-
       sors in your account and the state of each.

          aws rekognition list-stream-processors

       Output:

          {
              "StreamProcessors": [
                  {
                      "Status": "STOPPED",
                      "Name": "my-stream-processor"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Working with Streaming Videos in the Amazon
       Rekognition Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated, Amazon Rekognition Video returns  this
          token  that  you  can  use in the subsequent request to retrieve the
          next set of stream processors.

       StreamProcessors -> (list)
          List of stream processors that you have created.

          (structure)
              An object that recognizes faces in a streaming video. An  Amazon
              Rekognition  stream  processor  is  created by a call to  Creat-
              eStreamProcessor . The request parameters  for  CreateStreamPro-
              cessor  describe the Kinesis video stream source for the stream-
              ing video, face recognition parameters, and where to stream  the
              analysis resullts.

              Name -> (string)
                 Name of the Amazon Rekognition stream processor.

              Status -> (string)
                 Current status of the Amazon Rekognition stream processor.



                                                      LIST-STREAM-PROCESSORS()
