LIST-DATASET-ENTRIES()                                  LIST-DATASET-ENTRIES()



NAME
       list-dataset-entries -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  entries  (images) within a dataset. An entry is a JSON Line
       that contains the information for a single image, including  the  image
       location, assigned labels, and object location bounding boxes. For more
       information, see Creating a manifest file .

       JSON Lines in the response include information about  non-terminal  er-
       rors  found  in the dataset. Non terminal errors are reported in errors
       lists within each JSON Line. The same information is  reported  in  the
       training  and  testing validation result manifests that Amazon Rekogni-
       tion Custom Labels creates during model training.

       You can filter the response in variety of ways, such as choosing  which
       labels  to  return  and  returning  JSON Lines created after a specific
       date.

       This operation requires permissions to  perform  the  rekognition:List-
       DatasetEntries action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-dataset-entries  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: DatasetEntries

SYNOPSIS
            list-dataset-entries
          --dataset-arn <value>
          [--contains-labels <value>]
          [--labeled | --no-labeled]
          [--source-ref-contains <value>]
          [--has-errors | --no-has-errors]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the dataset that you want to use.

       --contains-labels (list)
          Specifies a label filter for the response. The response includes  an
          entry  only  if one or more of the labels in ContainsLabels exist in
          the entry.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --labeled | --no-labeled (boolean)
          Specify true to get only the JSON Lines where the image is  labeled.
          Specify  false  to get only the JSON Lines where the image isn't la-
          beled. If you don't specify  Labeled  ,  ListDatasetEntries  returns
          JSON Lines for labeled and unlabeled images.

       --source-ref-contains (string)
          If  specified,  ListDatasetEntries only returns JSON Lines where the
          value of SourceRefContains is part  of  the  source-ref  field.  The
          source-ref  field  contains the Amazon S3 location of the image. You
          can use SouceRefContains for tasks such as getting the JSON Line for
          a  single image, or gettting JSON Lines for all images within a spe-
          cific folder.

       --has-errors | --no-has-errors (boolean)
          Specifies an error filter for the response. Specify True to only in-
          clude entries that have errors.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DatasetEntries -> (list)
          A list of entries (images) in the dataset.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is  more  re-
          sults to retrieve), Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels returns a pagi-
          nation token in the response. You can use this pagination  token  to
          retrieve the next set of results.



                                                        LIST-DATASET-ENTRIES()
