UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()                              UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()



NAME
       update-dataset-entries -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or updates one or more entries (images) in a dataset. An entry is
       a JSON Line which contains the information for a single image,  includ-
       ing  the  image location, assigned labels, and object location bounding
       boxes. For more information, see Image-Level labels in  manifest  files
       and  Object  localization  in  manifest files in the Amazon Rekognition
       Custom Labels Developer Guide .

       If the source-ref field in the JSON line references an existing  image,
       the  existing  image  in  the  dataset  is updated. If source-ref field
       doesn't reference an existing image, the image is added as a new  image
       to the dataset.

       You  specify the changes that you want to make in the Changes input pa-
       rameter. There isn't a limit to the number  JSON  Lines  that  you  can
       change, but the size of Changes must be less than 5MB.
          UpdateDatasetEntries  returns  immediatly,  but  the  dataset update
          might take a while to complete. Use  DescribeDataset  to  check  the
          current  status.  The  dataset  updated successfully if the value of
          Status is UPDATE_COMPLETE .

       To check if any non-terminal errors occured,  call   ListDatasetEntries
       and check for the presence of errors lists in the JSON Lines.

       Dataset update fails if a terminal error occurs (Status = UPDATE_FAILED
       ). Currently, you can't access the terminal error information from  the
       Amazon Rekognition Custom Labels SDK.

       This  operation requires permissions to perform the rekognition:Update-
       DatasetEntries action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-dataset-entries
          --dataset-arn <value>
          --changes <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset that you want  to  up-
          date.

       --changes (structure)
          The changes that you want to make to the dataset.

          GroundTruth -> (blob)
              A Base64-encoded binary data object containing one or JSON lines
              that either update the dataset or are additions to the  dataset.
              You  change  a dataset by calling  UpdateDatasetEntries . If you
              are using an AWS SDK to call UpdateDatasetEntries  ,  you  don't
              need to encode Changes as the SDK encodes the data for you.

              For example JSON lines, see Image-Level labels in manifest files
              and and Object localization in  manifest  files  in  the  Amazon
              Rekognition Custom Labels Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          GroundTruth=blob

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "GroundTruth": blob
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()
