STACK-CREATE-COMPLETE()                                STACK-CREATE-COMPLETE()



NAME
       stack-create-complete -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until stack status is CREATE_COMPLETE. It will poll every 30 sec-
       onds until a successful state has been reached. This will exit  with  a
       return code of 255 after 120 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       stack-create-complete  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Stacks

SYNOPSIS
            stack-create-complete
          [--stack-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-name (string)
          The name or the unique stack ID that's associated  with  the  stack,
          which aren't always interchangeable:

          o Running  stacks:  You  can  specify either the stack's name or its
            unique stack ID.

          o Deleted stacks: You must specify the unique stack ID.

          Default: There is no default value.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait for CloudFormation to finish creating a stack

       The following wait stack-create-complete  example  pauses  and  resumes
       only  after it can confirm that CloudFormation has successfully created
       the specified stack.

          aws cloudformation wait stack-create-complete \
              --stack-name "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-west-2:123456789012:stack/my-stack-1234/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       STACK-CREATE-COMPLETE()
