TYPE-REGISTRATION-COMPLETE()                      TYPE-REGISTRATION-COMPLETE()



NAME
       type-registration-complete -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until type registration is COMPLETE. It will poll every 30 seconds
       until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return
       code of 255 after 120 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            type-registration-complete
          --registration-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registration-token (string)
          The identifier for this registration request.

          This registration token is generated by CloudFormation when you ini-
          tiate a registration request using ``  RegisterType `` .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait for CloudFormation to register a resource type

       The following wait type-registration-complete example  pauses  and  re-
       sumes  only after it can confirm that CloudFormation has registered the
       specified resource type.

          aws cloudformation wait type-registration-complete \
              --registration-token "f5525280-104e-4d35-bef5-8f1f1example"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  TYPE-REGISTRATION-COMPLETE()
