CREATE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()                            CREATE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()



NAME
       create-receipt-rule-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an empty receipt rule set.

       For  information about setting up receipt rule sets, see the Amazon SES
       Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-receipt-rule-set
          --rule-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-set-name (string)
          The name of the rule set to create. The name must:

          o This value can only contain  ASCII  letters  (a-z,  A-Z),  numbers
            (0-9), underscores (_), or dashes (-).

          o Start and end with a letter or number.

          o Contain less than 64 characters.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     CREATE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()
