CREATE-CONFIGURATION-SET()                          CREATE-CONFIGURATION-SET()



NAME
       create-configuration-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a configuration set.

       Configuration  sets enable you to publish email sending events. For in-
       formation about using configuration sets, see the Amazon SES  Developer
       Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-configuration-set
          --configuration-set <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set (structure)
          A data structure that contains the name of the configuration set.

          Name -> (string)
              The  name  of the configuration set. The name must meet the fol-
              lowing requirements:

              o Contain only letters (a-z, A-Z),  numbers  (0-9),  underscores
                (_), or dashes (-).

              o Contain 64 characters or fewer.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Name": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    CREATE-CONFIGURATION-SET()
