DELETE-IDENTITY-POLICY()                              DELETE-IDENTITY-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-identity-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified sending authorization policy for the given iden-
       tity (an email address or a domain). This API returns successfully even
       if a policy with the specified name does not exist.

       NOTE:
          This  API  is  for the identity owner only. If you have not verified
          the identity, this API will return an error.

       Sending authorization is a feature that enables an  identity  owner  to
       authorize  other  senders  to use its identities. For information about
       using sending authorization, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-identity-policy
          --identity <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity that is associated with the policy  that  you  want  to
          delete.  You  can specify the identity by using its name or by using
          its Amazon Resource Name (ARN). Examples: user@example.com  ,  exam-
          ple.com , arn:aws:ses:us-east-1:123456789012:identity/example.com .

          To successfully call this API, you must own the identity.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-IDENTITY-POLICY()
