DELETE-IDENTITY()                                            DELETE-IDENTITY()



NAME
       delete-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified identity (an email address or a domain) from the
       list of verified identities.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-identity
          --identity <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity to be removed from the list of identities for  the  AWS
          Account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an identity

       The  following  example  uses  the delete-identity command to delete an
       identity from the list of identities verified with Amazon SES:

          aws ses delete-identity --identity user@example.com

       For more information about verified identities, see Verifying Email Ad-
       dresses  and  Domains  in Amazon SES in the Amazon Simple Email Service
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-IDENTITY()
