DELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-ODELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-OPTIONS()



NAME
       delete-configuration-set-tracking-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an association between a configuration set and a custom domain
       for open and click event tracking.

       By default, images and links used for tracking open  and  click  events
       are  hosted on domains operated by Amazon SES. You can configure a sub-
       domain of your own to handle these events. For information about  using
       custom domains, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       NOTE:
          Deleting  this  kind of association will result in emails sent using
          the specified configuration set to capture open and click events us-
          ing the standard, Amazon SES-operated domains.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-configuration-set-tracking-options
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The  name of the configuration set from which you want to delete the
          tracking options.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                   DELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-OPTIONS()
