DESCRIBE-ACTIVE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()          DESCRIBE-ACTIVE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()



NAME
       describe-active-receipt-rule-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the metadata and receipt rules for the receipt rule set that is
       currently active.

       For information about setting up receipt rule sets, see the Amazon  SES
       Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            describe-active-receipt-rule-set
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       Metadata -> (structure)
          The metadata for the currently active receipt rule set. The metadata
          consists  of  the rule set name and a timestamp of when the rule set
          was created.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the receipt rule set. The name must meet the follow-
              ing requirements:

              o Contain  only  ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), under-
                scores (_), or dashes (-).

              o Start and end with a letter or number.

              o Contain 64 characters or fewer.

          CreatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time the receipt rule set was created.

       Rules -> (list)
          The receipt rules that belong to the active rule set.

          (structure)
              Receipt rules enable you to specify  which  actions  Amazon  SES
              should take when it receives mail on behalf of one or more email
              addresses or domains that you own.

              Each receipt rule defines a set of email  addresses  or  domains
              that  it  applies to. If the email addresses or domains match at
              least one recipient address of the message, Amazon SES  executes
              all of the receipt rule's actions on the message.

              For  information  about setting up receipt rules, see the Amazon
              SES Developer Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the receipt rule. The name must meet the  follow-
                 ing requirements:

                 o Contain  only  ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), un-
                   derscores (_), dashes (-), or periods (.).

                 o Start and end with a letter or number.

                 o Contain 64 characters or fewer.

              Enabled -> (boolean)
                 If true , the receipt rule is active. The  default  value  is
                 false .

              TlsPolicy -> (string)
                 Specifies  whether  Amazon  SES  should require that incoming
                 email is delivered over a connection encrypted with Transport
                 Layer  Security  (TLS). If this parameter is set to Require ,
                 Amazon SES bounces emails that are not received over TLS. The
                 default is Optional .

              Recipients -> (list)
                 The  recipient  domains  and email addresses that the receipt
                 rule applies to. If this field is not  specified,  this  rule
                 matches all recipients on all verified domains.

                 (string)

              Actions -> (list)
                 An  ordered list of actions to perform on messages that match
                 at least one of the  recipient  email  addresses  or  domains
                 specified in the receipt rule.

                 (structure)
                     An  action  that  Amazon SES can take when it receives an
                     email on behalf of one or more email addresses or domains
                     that you own. An instance of this data type can represent
                     only one action.

                     For information about setting up receipt rules,  see  the
                     Amazon SES Developer Guide .

                     S3Action -> (structure)
                        Saves the received message to an Amazon Simple Storage
                        Service (Amazon S3) bucket and, optionally,  publishes
                        a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The ARN of the Amazon SNS topic to notify when the
                            message is saved to the Amazon S3 bucket. You  can
                            find  the  ARN  of a topic by using the ListTopics
                            operation in Amazon SNS.

                            For more information about Amazon SNS topics,  see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        BucketName -> (string)
                            The  name  of  the  Amazon  S3 bucket for incoming
                            email.

                        ObjectKeyPrefix -> (string)
                            The key prefix of the Amazon S3  bucket.  The  key
                            prefix is similar to a directory name that enables
                            you to store similar data under the same directory
                            in a bucket.

                        KmsKeyArn -> (string)
                            The customer master key that Amazon SES should use
                            to encrypt your emails before saving them  to  the
                            Amazon  S3  bucket. You can use the default master
                            key or a custom master key  that  you  created  in
                            Amazon Web Services KMS as follows:

                            o To use the default master key, provide an ARN in
                              the form of  arn:aws:kms:REGION:ACCOUNT-ID-WITH-
                              OUT-HYPHENS:alias/aws/ses . For example, if your
                              Amazon Web Services account ID  is  123456789012
                              and  you  want  to use the default master key in
                              the US West (Oregon) Region, the ARN of the  de-
                              fault       master       key       would      be
                              arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:alias/aws/ses
                              .  If  you use the default master key, you don't
                              need to perform any extra steps to  give  Amazon
                              SES permission to use the key.

                            o To  use  a custom master key that you created in
                              Amazon Web Services KMS, provide the ARN of  the
                              master  key  and ensure that you add a statement
                              to your key's policy to give Amazon SES  permis-
                              sion  to use it. For more information about giv-
                              ing permissions, see the  Amazon  SES  Developer
                              Guide .

                            For  more  information about key policies, see the
                            Amazon Web Services KMS Developer Guide .  If  you
                            do  not  specify a master key, Amazon SES does not
                            encrypt your emails.

                            WARNING:
                               Your mail is encrypted by Amazon SES using  the
                               Amazon  S3 encryption client before the mail is
                               submitted to Amazon S3 for storage. It  is  not
                               encrypted  using  Amazon S3 server-side encryp-
                               tion. This means that you must use  the  Amazon
                               S3 encryption client to decrypt the email after
                               retrieving it from Amazon S3,  as  the  service
                               has  no  access to use your Amazon Web Services
                               KMS keys for decryption. This encryption client
                               is currently available with the Amazon Web Ser-
                               vices SDK for Java and Amazon Web Services  SDK
                               for  Ruby  only.  For  more  information  about
                               client-side encryption using  Amazon  Web  Ser-
                               vices KMS master keys, see the Amazon S3 Devel-
                               oper Guide .

                     BounceAction -> (structure)
                        Rejects the received email by returning a  bounce  re-
                        sponse  to the sender and, optionally, publishes a no-
                        tification to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Ama-
                        zon SNS).

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS
                            topic to notify when the bounce action  is  taken.
                            You  can  find  the  ARN  of  a topic by using the
                            ListTopics operation in Amazon SNS.

                            For more information about Amazon SNS topics,  see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        SmtpReplyCode -> (string)
                            The SMTP reply code, as defined by RFC 5321 .

                        StatusCode -> (string)
                            The  SMTP  enhanced status code, as defined by RFC
                            3463 .

                        Message -> (string)
                            Human-readable text to include in the bounce  mes-
                            sage.

                        Sender -> (string)
                            The  email  address  of  the sender of the bounced
                            email. This is the address from which  the  bounce
                            message is sent.

                     WorkmailAction -> (structure)
                        Calls Amazon WorkMail and, optionally, publishes a no-
                        tification to Amazon Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to  notify  when  the  WorkMail  action  is
                            called. You can find the ARN of a topic  by  using
                            the ListTopics operation in Amazon SNS.

                            For  more information about Amazon SNS topics, see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        OrganizationArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Work-
                            Mail  organization.  Amazon  WorkMail ARNs use the
                            following format:
                               arn:aws:workmail:<region>:<awsAccountId>:orga-
                               nization/<workmailOrganizationId>

                            You  can find the ID of your organization by using
                            the ListOrganizations operation  in  Amazon  Work-
                            Mail.  Amazon WorkMail organization IDs begin with
                            "m- ", followed by a string of alphanumeric  char-
                            acters.

                            For  information  about  Amazon WorkMail organiza-
                            tions, see the Amazon WorkMail Administrator Guide
                            .

                     LambdaAction -> (structure)
                        Calls  an Amazon Web Services Lambda function, and op-
                        tionally, publishes a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to  notify  when  the Lambda action is exe-
                            cuted. You can find the ARN of a  topic  by  using
                            the ListTopics operation in Amazon SNS.

                            For  more information about Amazon SNS topics, see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        FunctionArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  Web
                            Services  Lambda function. An example of an Amazon
                            Web    Services    Lambda    function    ARN    is
                            arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:account-id:function:My-
                            Function . For more information about  Amazon  Web
                            Services  Lambda,  see  the  Amazon  Web  Services
                            Lambda Developer Guide .

                        InvocationType -> (string)
                            The invocation type of  the  Amazon  Web  Services
                            Lambda  function. An invocation type of RequestRe-
                            sponse means that the execution  of  the  function
                            immediately  results in a response, and a value of
                            Event means that the  function  is  invoked  asyn-
                            chronously.  The  default value is Event . For in-
                            formation about Amazon Web Services Lambda invoca-
                            tion types, see the Amazon Web Services Lambda De-
                            veloper Guide .

                            WARNING:
                               There is a 30-second timeout on RequestResponse
                               invocations. You should use Event invocation in
                               most cases. Use RequestResponse only to make  a
                               mail flow decision, such as whether to stop the
                               receipt rule or the receipt rule set.

                     StopAction -> (structure)
                        Terminates the evaluation of the receipt rule set  and
                        optionally publishes a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        Scope -> (string)
                            The  scope  of the StopAction. The only acceptable
                            value is RuleSet .

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic to notify when the stop action is taken. You
                            can  find  the  ARN  of  a  topic  by  using   the
                            ListTopics Amazon SNS operation.

                            For  more information about Amazon SNS topics, see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                     AddHeaderAction -> (structure)
                        Adds a header to the received email.

                        HeaderName -> (string)
                            The name of the header to add to the incoming mes-
                            sage.  The  name must contain at least one charac-
                            ter, and can contain up to 50 characters. It  con-
                            sists  of alphanumeric (az, AZ, 09) characters and
                            dashes.

                        HeaderValue -> (string)
                            The content to include in the header.  This  value
                            can  contain  up to 2048 characters. It can't con-
                            tain newline (\n ) or carriage return (\r )  char-
                            acters.

                     SNSAction -> (structure)
                        Publishes  the  email content within a notification to
                        Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to  notify. You can find the ARN of a topic
                            by using the ListTopics operation in Amazon SNS.

                            For more information about Amazon SNS topics,  see
                            the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        Encoding -> (string)
                            The  encoding to use for the email within the Ama-
                            zon SNS notification. UTF-8 is easier to use,  but
                            may  not  preserve  all  special characters when a
                            message was encoded with a different encoding for-
                            mat.  Base64 preserves all special characters. The
                            default value is UTF-8.

              ScanEnabled -> (boolean)
                 If true , then messages that this receipt rule applies to are
                 scanned for spam and viruses. The default value is false .



                                            DESCRIBE-ACTIVE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()
