DESCRIBE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()                        DESCRIBE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()



NAME
       describe-receipt-rule-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the details of the specified receipt rule set.

       For  information  about  managing receipt rule sets, see the Amazon SES
       Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            describe-receipt-rule-set
          --rule-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-set-name (string)
          The name of the receipt rule set to describe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       Metadata -> (structure)
          The  metadata  for  the receipt rule set, which consists of the rule
          set name and the timestamp of when the rule set was created.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the receipt rule set. The name must:

              o This value can only contain ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z),  numbers
                (0-9), underscores (_), or dashes (-).

              o Start and end with a letter or number.

              o Contain less than 64 characters.

          CreatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time the receipt rule set was created.

       Rules -> (list)
          A  list  of  the  receipt rules that belong to the specified receipt
          rule set.

          (structure)
              Receipt rules enable you to specify  which  actions  Amazon  SES
              should take when it receives mail on behalf of one or more email
              addresses or domains that you own.

              Each receipt rule defines a set of email  addresses  or  domains
              that  it  applies to. If the email addresses or domains match at
              least one recipient address of the message, Amazon SES  executes
              all of the receipt rule's actions on the message.

              For  information  about setting up receipt rules, see the Amazon
              SES Developer Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the receipt rule. The name must:

                 o This value can only contain ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z),  num-
                   bers (0-9), underscores (_), or dashes (-).

                 o Start and end with a letter or number.

                 o Contain less than 64 characters.

              Enabled -> (boolean)
                 If  true  ,  the receipt rule is active. The default value is
                 false .

              TlsPolicy -> (string)
                 Specifies whether Amazon SES  should  require  that  incoming
                 email is delivered over a connection encrypted with Transport
                 Layer Security (TLS). If this parameter is set to  Require  ,
                 Amazon SES will bounce emails that are not received over TLS.
                 The default is Optional .

              Recipients -> (list)
                 The recipient domains and email addresses  that  the  receipt
                 rule  applies  to.  If this field is not specified, this rule
                 will match all recipients under all verified domains.

                 (string)

              Actions -> (list)
                 An ordered list of actions to perform on messages that  match
                 at  least  one  of  the  recipient email addresses or domains
                 specified in the receipt rule.

                 (structure)
                     An action that Amazon SES can take when  it  receives  an
                     email on behalf of one or more email addresses or domains
                     that you own. An instance of this data type can represent
                     only one action.

                     For  information  about setting up receipt rules, see the
                     Amazon SES Developer Guide .

                     S3Action -> (structure)
                        Saves the received message to an Amazon Simple Storage
                        Service  (Amazon S3) bucket and, optionally, publishes
                        a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The ARN of the Amazon SNS topic to notify when the
                            message is saved to the Amazon S3 bucket. An exam-
                            ple   of   an   Amazon   SNS    topic    ARN    is
                            arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic  .  For
                            more information about Amazon SNS topics, see  the
                            Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        BucketName -> (string)
                            The  name  of  the  Amazon S3 bucket that incoming
                            email will be saved to.

                        ObjectKeyPrefix -> (string)
                            The key prefix of the Amazon S3  bucket.  The  key
                            prefix is similar to a directory name that enables
                            you to store similar data under the same directory
                            in a bucket.

                        KmsKeyArn -> (string)
                            The customer master key that Amazon SES should use
                            to encrypt your emails before saving them  to  the
                            Amazon  S3  bucket. You can use the default master
                            key or a custom master key you created in AWS  KMS
                            as follows:

                            o To use the default master key, provide an ARN in
                              the form of  arn:aws:kms:REGION:ACCOUNT-ID-WITH-
                              OUT-HYPHENS:alias/aws/ses . For example, if your
                              AWS account ID is 123456789012 and you  want  to
                              use  the default master key in the US West (Ore-
                              gon) region, the ARN of the default  master  key
                              would                                         be
                              arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:alias/aws/ses
                              .  If  you use the default master key, you don't
                              need to perform any extra steps to  give  Amazon
                              SES permission to use the key.

                            o To  use  a  custom master key you created in AWS
                              KMS, provide the ARN of the master key  and  en-
                              sure that you add a statement to your key's pol-
                              icy to give Amazon SES permission to use it. For
                              more  information  about giving permissions, see
                              the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

                            For more information about key policies,  see  the
                            AWS  KMS Developer Guide . If you do not specify a
                            master key,  Amazon  SES  will  not  encrypt  your
                            emails.

                            WARNING:
                               Your  mail is encrypted by Amazon SES using the
                               Amazon S3 encryption client before the mail  is
                               submitted  to  Amazon S3 for storage. It is not
                               encrypted using Amazon S3  server-side  encryp-
                               tion.  This  means that you must use the Amazon
                               S3 encryption client to decrypt the email after
                               retrieving  it  from  Amazon S3, as the service
                               has no access to use your AWS KMS keys for  de-
                               cryption.  This  encryption client is currently
                               available with the AWS SDK for Java and AWS SDK
                               for  Ruby  only.  For  more  information  about
                               client-side encryption  using  AWS  KMS  master
                               keys, see the Amazon S3 Developer Guide .

                     BounceAction -> (structure)
                        Rejects  the  received email by returning a bounce re-
                        sponse to the sender and, optionally, publishes a  no-
                        tification to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Ama-
                        zon SNS).

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to  notify when the bounce action is taken.
                            An  example  of  an  Amazon  SNS  topic   ARN   is
                            arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic  .  For
                            more information about Amazon SNS topics, see  the
                            Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        SmtpReplyCode -> (string)
                            The SMTP reply code, as defined by RFC 5321 .

                        StatusCode -> (string)
                            The  SMTP  enhanced status code, as defined by RFC
                            3463 .

                        Message -> (string)
                            Human-readable text to include in the bounce  mes-
                            sage.

                        Sender -> (string)
                            The  email  address  of  the sender of the bounced
                            email. This is the address from which  the  bounce
                            message will be sent.

                     WorkmailAction -> (structure)
                        Calls Amazon WorkMail and, optionally, publishes a no-
                        tification to Amazon Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to  notify  when  the  WorkMail  action  is
                            called. An example of an Amazon SNS topic  ARN  is
                            arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic  .  For
                            more information about Amazon SNS topics, see  the
                            Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        OrganizationArn -> (string)
                            The  ARN  of  the Amazon WorkMail organization. An
                            example of an Amazon WorkMail organization ARN  is
                            arn:aws:workmail:us-west-2:123456789012:organiza-
                            tion/m-68755160c4cb4e29a2b2f8fb58f359d7 . For  in-
                            formation about Amazon WorkMail organizations, see
                            the Amazon WorkMail Administrator Guide .

                     LambdaAction -> (structure)
                        Calls an AWS Lambda  function,  and  optionally,  pub-
                        lishes a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS
                            topic to notify when the Lambda action  is  taken.
                            An   example   of  an  Amazon  SNS  topic  ARN  is
                            arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic  .  For
                            more  information about Amazon SNS topics, see the
                            Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        FunctionArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  AWS  Lambda
                            function. An example of an AWS Lambda function ARN
                            is       arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:account-id:func-
                            tion:MyFunction  .  For more information about AWS
                            Lambda, see the AWS Lambda Developer Guide .

                        InvocationType -> (string)
                            The invocation type of the AWS Lambda function. An
                            invocation  type of RequestResponse means that the
                            execution of the function will immediately  result
                            in a response, and a value of Event means that the
                            function will be invoked asynchronously.  The  de-
                            fault  value  is Event . For information about AWS
                            Lambda invocation types, see the AWS Lambda Devel-
                            oper Guide .

                            WARNING:
                               There is a 30-second timeout on RequestResponse
                               invocations. You should use Event invocation in
                               most  cases.  Use RequestResponse only when you
                               want to make a  mail  flow  decision,  such  as
                               whether to stop the receipt rule or the receipt
                               rule set.

                     StopAction -> (structure)
                        Terminates the evaluation of the receipt rule set  and
                        optionally publishes a notification to Amazon SNS.

                        Scope -> (string)
                            The  scope  of the StopAction. The only acceptable
                            value is RuleSet .

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic  to notify when the stop action is taken. An
                            example  of   an   Amazon   SNS   topic   ARN   is
                            arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic  .  For
                            more information about Amazon SNS topics, see  the
                            Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                     AddHeaderAction -> (structure)
                        Adds a header to the received email.

                        HeaderName -> (string)
                            The  name  of the header to add. Must be between 1
                            and 50 characters, inclusive, and consist  of  al-
                            phanumeric  (a-z,  A-Z, 0-9) characters and dashes
                            only.

                        HeaderValue -> (string)
                            Must be less than 2048 characters,  and  must  not
                            contain newline characters ("r" or "n").

                     SNSAction -> (structure)
                        Publishes  the  email content within a notification to
                        Amazon SNS.

                        TopicArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  SNS
                            topic to notify. An example of an Amazon SNS topic
                            ARN is  arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MyTopic
                            .  For  more  information about Amazon SNS topics,
                            see the Amazon SNS Developer Guide .

                        Encoding -> (string)
                            The encoding to use for the email within the  Ama-
                            zon  SNS notification. UTF-8 is easier to use, but
                            may not preserve all  special  characters  when  a
                            message was encoded with a different encoding for-
                            mat. Base64 preserves all special characters.  The
                            default value is UTF-8.

              ScanEnabled -> (boolean)
                 If true , then messages that this receipt rule applies to are
                 scanned for spam and viruses. The default value is false .



                                                   DESCRIBE-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()
