GET-IDENTITY-VERIFICATION-ATTRIBUTES()  GET-IDENTITY-VERIFICATION-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       get-identity-verification-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Given  a  list  of identities (email addresses and/or domains), returns
       the verification status and (for domain  identities)  the  verification
       token for each identity.

       The  verification  status  of  an  email address is "Pending" until the
       email address owner clicks the link within the verification email  that
       Amazon  SES sent to that address. If the email address owner clicks the
       link within 24 hours, the verification  status  of  the  email  address
       changes  to  "Success". If the link is not clicked within 24 hours, the
       verification status changes to "Failed." In that  case,  if  you  still
       want  to  verify  the  email address, you must restart the verification
       process from the beginning.

       For domain identities, the domain's verification status is "Pending" as
       Amazon  SES searches for the required TXT record in the DNS settings of
       the domain. When Amazon SES detects the record, the domain's  verifica-
       tion status changes to "Success". If Amazon SES is unable to detect the
       record within 72 hours, the domain's  verification  status  changes  to
       "Failed."  In  that  case,  if you still want to verify the domain, you
       must restart the verification process from the beginning.

       This operation is throttled at one request per second and can only  get
       verification attributes for up to 100 identities at a time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-identity-verification-attributes
          --identities <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identities (list)
          A list of identities.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the Amazon SES verification status for a list of identities

       The  following  example  uses  the get-identity-verification-attributes
       command to retrieve the Amazon SES verification status for  a  list  of
       identities:

          aws ses get-identity-verification-attributes --identities "user1@example.com" "user2@example.com"

       Output:

          {
             "VerificationAttributes": {
                 "user1@example.com": {
                     "VerificationStatus": "Success"
                 },
                 "user2@example.com": {
                     "VerificationStatus": "Pending"
                 }
             }
          }

       If you call this command with an identity that you have never submitted
       for verification, that identity won't appear in the output.

       For more information about verified identities, see Verifying Email Ad-
       dresses  and  Domains  in Amazon SES in the Amazon Simple Email Service
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       VerificationAttributes -> (map)
          A map of Identities to IdentityVerificationAttributes objects.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              Represents the verification attributes of a single identity.

              VerificationStatus -> (string)
                 The verification status of  the  identity:  "Pending",  "Suc-
                 cess", "Failed", or "TemporaryFailure".

              VerificationToken -> (string)
                 The  verification token for a domain identity. Null for email
                 address identities.



                                        GET-IDENTITY-VERIFICATION-ATTRIBUTES()
