GET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()                  GET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       get-identity-dkim-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the current status of Easy DKIM signing for an entity. For do-
       main name identities, this operation also returns the DKIM tokens  that
       are required for Easy DKIM signing, and whether Amazon SES has success-
       fully verified that these tokens have been published.

       This operation takes a list of identities as input and returns the fol-
       lowing information for each:

       o Whether Easy DKIM signing is enabled or disabled.

       o A  set of DKIM tokens that represent the identity. If the identity is
         an email address, the tokens represent the domain of that address.

       o Whether Amazon SES has successfully verified  the  DKIM  tokens  pub-
         lished in the domain's DNS. This information is only returned for do-
         main name identities, not for email addresses.

       This operation is throttled at one request per second and can only  get
       DKIM attributes for up to 100 identities at a time.

       For  more  information about creating DNS records using DKIM tokens, go
       to the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-identity-dkim-attributes
          --identities <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identities (list)
          A list of one or more verified identities  -  email  addresses,  do-
          mains, or both.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the Amazon SES Easy DKIM attributes for a list of identities

       The  following example uses the get-identity-dkim-attributes command to
       retrieve the Amazon SES Easy DKIM attributes for a list of identities:

          aws ses get-identity-dkim-attributes --identities "example.com" "user@example.com"

       Output:

          {
             "DkimAttributes": {
                 "example.com": {
                     "DkimTokens": [
                         "EXAMPLEjcs5xoyqytjsotsijas7236gr",
                         "EXAMPLEjr76cvoc6mysspnioorxsn6ep",
                         "EXAMPLEkbmkqkhlm2lyz77ppkulerm4k"
                     ],
                     "DkimEnabled": true,
                     "DkimVerificationStatus": "Success"
                 },
                 "user@example.com": {
                     "DkimEnabled": false,
                     "DkimVerificationStatus": "NotStarted"
                 }
             }
          }

       If you call this command with an identity that you have never submitted
       for verification, that identity won't appear in the output.

       For  more  information  about Easy DKIM, see Easy DKIM in Amazon SES in
       the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       DkimAttributes -> (map)
          The DKIM attributes for an email address or a domain.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              Represents the DKIM attributes of a verified email address or  a
              domain.

              DkimEnabled -> (boolean)
                 Is  true  if  DKIM signing is enabled for email sent from the
                 identity. It's false otherwise. The default value is true.

              DkimVerificationStatus -> (string)
                 Describes whether Amazon SES has  successfully  verified  the
                 DKIM DNS records (tokens) published in the domain name's DNS.
                 (This only applies to domain identities,  not  email  address
                 identities.)

              DkimTokens -> (list)
                 A  set of character strings that represent the domain's iden-
                 tity. Using these  tokens,  you  need  to  create  DNS  CNAME
                 records  that  point  to  DKIM public keys that are hosted by
                 Amazon SES.  Amazon  Web  Services  eventually  detects  that
                 you've updated your DNS records. This detection process might
                 take up to 72 hours. After successful detection,  Amazon  SES
                 is  able  to  DKIM-sign  email  originating from that domain.
                 (This only applies to domain identities,  not  email  address
                 identities.)

                 For  more  information  about creating DNS records using DKIM
                 tokens, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

                 (string)



                                                GET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()
