GET-SEND-STATISTICS()                                    GET-SEND-STATISTICS()



NAME
       get-send-statistics -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides sending statistics for the current AWS Region. The result is a
       list of data points, representing the last two weeks of sending  activ-
       ity.  Each  data  point in the list contains statistics for a 15-minute
       period of time.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-send-statistics
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get your Amazon SES sending statistics

       The following example uses the get-send-statistics  command  to  return
       your Amazon SES sending statistics

          aws ses get-send-statistics

       Output:

          {
             "SendDataPoints": [
                 {
                     "Complaints": 0,
                     "Timestamp": "2013-06-12T19:32:00Z",
                     "DeliveryAttempts": 2,
                     "Bounces": 0,
                     "Rejects": 0
                 },
                 {
                     "Complaints": 0,
                     "Timestamp": "2013-06-12T00:47:00Z",
                     "DeliveryAttempts": 1,
                     "Bounces": 0,
                     "Rejects": 0
                 }
             ]
          }

       The result is a list of data points, representing the last two weeks of
       sending activity. Each data point in the list contains statistics for a
       15-minute interval.

       In this example, there are only two data points because the only emails
       that the user sent in the last two weeks fell within two 15-minute  in-
       tervals.

       For  more  information, see Monitoring Your Amazon SES Usage Statistics
       in the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       SendDataPoints -> (list)
          A list of data points, each of which represents 15 minutes of activ-
          ity.

          (structure)
              Represents  sending statistics data. Each SendDataPoint contains
              statistics for a 15-minute period of sending activity.

              Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                 Time of the data point.

              DeliveryAttempts -> (long)
                 Number of emails that have been sent.

              Bounces -> (long)
                 Number of emails that have bounced.

              Complaints -> (long)
                 Number of unwanted emails that were rejected by recipients.

              Rejects -> (long)
                 Number of emails rejected by Amazon SES.



                                                         GET-SEND-STATISTICS()
