GET-IDENTITY-POLICIES()                                GET-IDENTITY-POLICIES()



NAME
       get-identity-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  requested  sending  authorization  policies for the given
       identity (an email address or a domain). The policies are returned as a
       map  of  policy names to policy contents. You can retrieve a maximum of
       20 policies at a time.

       NOTE:
          This API is for the identity owner only. If you  have  not  verified
          the identity, this API will return an error.

       Sending  authorization  is  a feature that enables an identity owner to
       authorize other senders to use its identities.  For  information  about
       using sending authorization, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-identity-policies
          --identity <value>
          --policy-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity for which the policies will be retrieved. You can spec-
          ify an identity by using its name or by using  its  Amazon  Resource
          Name    (ARN).    Examples:   user@example.com   ,   example.com   ,
          arn:aws:ses:us-east-1:123456789012:identity/example.com .

          To successfully call this API, you must own the identity.

       --policy-names (list)
          A list of the names of policies to be retrieved. You can retrieve  a
          maximum  of  20  policies at a time. If you do not know the names of
          the policies that are attached to the identity, you can  use  ListI-
          dentityPolicies .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Policies -> (map)
          A map of policy names to policies.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                       GET-IDENTITY-POLICIES()
