LIST-RECEIPT-FILTERS()                                  LIST-RECEIPT-FILTERS()



NAME
       list-receipt-filters -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  IP  address filters associated with your AWS account in the
       current AWS Region.

       For information about managing IP address filters, see the  Amazon  SES
       Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-receipt-filters
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Filters -> (list)
          A list of IP address filter data structures, which each consist of a
          name,  an  IP address range, and whether to allow or block mail from
          it.

          (structure)
              A receipt IP address filter enables you to  specify  whether  to
              accept or reject mail originating from an IP address or range of
              IP addresses.

              For information about setting up IP  address  filters,  see  the
              Amazon SES Developer Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the IP address filter. The name must:

                 o This  value can only contain ASCII letters (a-z, A-Z), num-
                   bers (0-9), underscores (_), or dashes (-).

                 o Start and end with a letter or number.

                 o Contain less than 64 characters.

              IpFilter -> (structure)
                 A structure that provides the IP addresses to block or allow,
                 and whether to block or allow incoming mail from them.

                 Policy -> (string)
                     Indicates  whether  to  block or allow incoming mail from
                     the specified IP addresses.

                 Cidr -> (string)
                     A single IP address or a range of IP addresses  that  you
                     want  to block or allow, specified in Classless Inter-Do-
                     main Routing (CIDR) notation.  An  example  of  a  single
                     email  address  is  10.0.0.1. An example of a range of IP
                     addresses is 10.0.0.1/24. For more information about CIDR
                     notation, see RFC 2317 .



                                                        LIST-RECEIPT-FILTERS()
