LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()                            LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()



NAME
       list-configuration-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a  list of the configuration sets associated with your Amazon
       SES account in the current AWS Region. For information about using con-
       figuration sets, see Monitoring Your Amazon SES Sending Activity in the
       Amazon SES Developer Guide.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second. This oper-
       ation  will  return up to 1,000 configuration sets each time it is run.
       If your Amazon SES account has more than 1,000 configuration sets, this
       operation  will  also  return a NextToken element. You can then execute
       the ListConfigurationSets operation again, passing the NextToken param-
       eter  and the value of the NextToken element to retrieve additional re-
       sults.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-configuration-sets is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: ConfigurationSets

SYNOPSIS
            list-configuration-sets
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSets -> (list)
          A list of configuration sets.

          (structure)
              The name of the configuration set.

              Configuration sets let you create groups of rules that  you  can
              apply to the emails you send using Amazon SES. For more informa-
              tion about using configuration sets, see Using Amazon  SES  Con-
              figuration Sets in the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the  configuration set. The name must meet the
                 following requirements:

                 o Contain only letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), underscores
                   (_), or dashes (-).

                 o Contain 64 characters or fewer.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  indicating  that  there  are additional configuration sets
          available to be listed. Pass this token to successive calls of List-
          ConfigurationSets .



                                                     LIST-CONFIGURATION-SETS()
