LIST-IDENTITIES()                                            LIST-IDENTITIES()



NAME
       list-identities -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  containing all of the identities (email addresses and
       domains) for your AWS account in the current AWS Region, regardless  of
       verification status.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-identities is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Identities

SYNOPSIS
            list-identities
          [--identity-type <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-type (string)
          The type of the identities to list. Possible  values  are  "EmailAd-
          dress"  and "Domain". If this parameter is omitted, then all identi-
          ties will be listed.

          Possible values:

          o EmailAddress

          o Domain

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all identities (email addresses and domains) for a specific AWS
       account

       The following example uses the  list-identities  command  to  list  all
       identities that have been submitted for verification with Amazon SES:

          aws ses list-identities

       Output:

          {
              "Identities": [
                "user@example.com",
                "example.com"
              ]
          }

       The list that is returned contains all identities regardless of verifi-
       cation status (verified, pending verification, failure, etc.).

       In this example, email addresses and domains are  returned  because  we
       did not specify the identity-type parameter.

       For  more information about verification, see Verifying Email Addresses
       and Domains in Amazon SES in the Amazon Simple Email Service  Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       Identities -> (list)
          A list of identities.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token used for pagination.



                                                             LIST-IDENTITIES()
