PUT-IDENTITY-POLICY()                                    PUT-IDENTITY-POLICY()



NAME
       put-identity-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or updates a sending authorization policy for the specified iden-
       tity (an email address or a domain).

       NOTE:
          This API is for the identity owner only. If you  have  not  verified
          the identity, this API will return an error.

       Sending  authorization  is  a feature that enables an identity owner to
       authorize other senders to use its identities.  For  information  about
       using sending authorization, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-identity-policy
          --identity <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity that the policy will apply to. You can specify an iden-
          tity by using its name or by using its Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN).
          Examples:        user@example.com        ,       example.com       ,
          arn:aws:ses:us-east-1:123456789012:identity/example.com .

          To successfully call this API, you must own the identity.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy.

          The policy name cannot exceed 64 characters and can only include al-
          phanumeric characters, dashes, and underscores.

       --policy (string)
          The  text  of  the policy in JSON format. The policy cannot exceed 4
          KB.

          For information about the syntax of sending authorization  policies,
          see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         PUT-IDENTITY-POLICY()
