REORDER-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()                          REORDER-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()



NAME
       reorder-receipt-rule-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Reorders the receipt rules within a receipt rule set.

       NOTE:
          All  of  the  rules  in the rule set must be represented in this re-
          quest. That is, this API will return an error if the reorder request
          doesn't explicitly position all of the rules.

       For  information  about  managing receipt rule sets, see the Amazon SES
       Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reorder-receipt-rule-set
          --rule-set-name <value>
          --rule-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-set-name (string)
          The name of the receipt rule set to reorder.

       --rule-names (list)
          A list of the specified receipt rule set's receipt rules in the  or-
          der that you want to put them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    REORDER-RECEIPT-RULE-SET()
