SET-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-DOMAIN()                SET-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-DOMAIN()



NAME
       set-identity-mail-from-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  or  disables  the custom MAIL FROM domain setup for a verified
       identity (an email address or a domain).

       WARNING:
          To send emails using the specified MAIL FROM domain, you must add an
          MX  record to your MAIL FROM domain's DNS settings. If you want your
          emails to pass Sender Policy Framework (SPF) checks, you  must  also
          add  or  update  an SPF record. For more information, see the Amazon
          SES Developer Guide .

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-identity-mail-from-domain
          --identity <value>
          [--mail-from-domain <value>]
          [--behavior-on-mx-failure <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The verified identity for which you want to enable  or  disable  the
          specified custom MAIL FROM domain.

       --mail-from-domain (string)
          The  custom  MAIL FROM domain that you want the verified identity to
          use. The MAIL FROM domain must 1) be a  subdomain  of  the  verified
          identity, 2) not be used in a "From" address if the MAIL FROM domain
          is the destination of email feedback forwarding (for  more  informa-
          tion,  see  the  Amazon SES Developer Guide ), and 3) not be used to
          receive emails. A value of null disables the custom MAIL  FROM  set-
          ting for the identity.

       --behavior-on-mx-failure (string)
          The  action  that  you want Amazon SES to take if it cannot success-
          fully read the required MX record when you send  an  email.  If  you
          choose  UseDefaultValue  ,  Amazon  SES will use amazonses.com (or a
          subdomain of that) as the MAIL FROM domain. If you choose RejectMes-
          sage  , Amazon SES will return a MailFromDomainNotVerified error and
          not send the email.

          The action specified in BehaviorOnMXFailure is taken when the custom
          MAIL  FROM  domain setup is in the Pending , Failed , and Temporary-
          Failure states.

          Possible values:

          o UseDefaultValue

          o RejectMessage

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               SET-IDENTITY-MAIL-FROM-DOMAIN()
