SET-IDENTITY-NOTIFICATION-TOPIC()            SET-IDENTITY-NOTIFICATION-TOPIC()



NAME
       set-identity-notification-topic -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  an  Amazon  Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to use
       when delivering notifications. When you use this operation, you specify
       a  verified identity, such as an email address or domain. When you send
       an email that uses the chosen identity in the Source field, Amazon  SES
       sends  notifications  to  the topic you specified. You can send bounce,
       complaint, or delivery notifications (or any combination of the  three)
       to the Amazon SNS topic that you specify.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       For  more  information  about feedback notification, see the Amazon SES
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-identity-notification-topic
          --identity <value>
          --notification-type <value>
          [--sns-topic <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity (email address or domain) that you want to set the Ama-
          zon SNS topic for.

          WARNING:
              You can only specify a verified identity for this parameter.

          You can specify an identity by using its name or by using its Amazon
          Resource Name (ARN). The following examples are  all  valid  identi-
          ties:        sender@example.com        ,        example.com        ,
          arn:aws:ses:us-east-1:123456789012:identity/example.com .

       --notification-type (string)
          The type of notifications that will be published  to  the  specified
          Amazon SNS topic.

          Possible values:

          o Bounce

          o Complaint

          o Delivery

       --sns-topic (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic. If the pa-
          rameter is omitted from the request  or  a  null  value  is  passed,
          SnsTopic is cleared and publishing is disabled.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  set  the  Amazon SNS topic to which Amazon SES will publish bounce,
       complaint, and/or delivery notifications for a verified identity

       The following example uses the set-identity-notification-topic  command
       to  specify the Amazon SNS topic to which a verified email address will
       receive bounce notifications:

          aws ses set-identity-notification-topic --identity user@example.com --notification-type Bounce --sns-topic arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:EXAMPLE65304:MyTopic

       For more information about notifications, see Using Notifications  With
       Amazon SES in the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             SET-IDENTITY-NOTIFICATION-TOPIC()
