SET-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-FORWARDING-ENASET-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-FORWARDING-ENABLED()



NAME
       set-identity-feedback-forwarding-enabled -

DESCRIPTION
       Given  an  identity (an email address or a domain), enables or disables
       whether Amazon SES  forwards  bounce  and  complaint  notifications  as
       email.  Feedback forwarding can only be disabled when Amazon Simple No-
       tification Service (Amazon SNS) topics are specified for  both  bounces
       and complaints.

       NOTE:
          Feedback forwarding does not apply to delivery notifications. Deliv-
          ery notifications are only available through Amazon SNS.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       For more information about using notifications with Amazon SES, see the
       Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-identity-feedback-forwarding-enabled
          --identity <value>
          --forwarding-enabled | --no-forwarding-enabled
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity for which to set bounce and complaint notification for-
          warding. Examples: user@example.com , example.com .

       --forwarding-enabled | --no-forwarding-enabled (boolean)
          Sets whether Amazon SES will forward bounce and complaint  notifica-
          tions  as  email. true specifies that Amazon SES will forward bounce
          and complaint notifications as email, in addition to any Amazon  SNS
          topic  publishing  otherwise  specified. false specifies that Amazon
          SES will publish bounce and  complaint  notifications  only  through
          Amazon SNS. This value can only be set to false when Amazon SNS top-
          ics are set for both Bounce and Complaint notification types.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable or disable bounce and complaint email feedback forwarding for
       an Amazon SES verified identity

       The following example uses the set-identity-feedback-forwarding-enabled
       command to enable a verified email address to receive bounce  and  com-
       plaint notifications by email:

          aws ses set-identity-feedback-forwarding-enabled --identity user@example.com --forwarding-enabled

       You  are required to receive bounce and complaint notifications via ei-
       ther Amazon SNS or email feedback forwarding, so you can  only  disable
       email  feedback  forwarding  if you select an Amazon SNS topic for both
       bounce and complaint notifications.

       For more information about notifications, see Using Notifications  With
       Amazon SES in the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                    SET-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-FORWARDING-ENABLED()
