SET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ENABLED()                        SET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ENABLED()



NAME
       set-identity-dkim-enabled -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  or  disables Easy DKIM signing of email sent from an identity.
       If Easy DKIM signing is enabled for a domain, then Amazon SES uses DKIM
       to  sign all email that it sends from addresses on that domain. If Easy
       DKIM signing is enabled for an email address, then Amazon SES uses DKIM
       to sign all email it sends from that address.

       NOTE:
          For  email  addresses (for example, user@example.com ), you can only
          enable DKIM signing if the corresponding domain (in this case, exam-
          ple.com ) has been set up to use Easy DKIM.

       You can enable DKIM signing for an identity at any time after you start
       the verification process for the identity,  even  if  the  verification
       process isn't complete.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       For  more information about Easy DKIM signing, go to the Amazon SES De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-identity-dkim-enabled
          --identity <value>
          --dkim-enabled | --no-dkim-enabled
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity (string)
          The identity for which DKIM signing should be enabled or disabled.

       --dkim-enabled | --no-dkim-enabled (boolean)
          Sets whether DKIM signing is enabled for an identity. Set to true to
          enable DKIM signing for this identity; false to disable it.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable or disable Easy DKIM for an Amazon SES verified identity

       The  following  example  uses  the set-identity-dkim-enabled command to
       disable DKIM for a verified email address:

          aws ses set-identity-dkim-enabled --identity user@example.com --no-dkim-enabled

       For more information about Easy DKIM, see Easy DKIM in  Amazon  SES  in
       the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   SET-IDENTITY-DKIM-ENABLED()
