UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-OUPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-OPTIONS()



NAME
       update-configuration-set-tracking-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies an association between a configuration set and a custom domain
       for open and click event tracking.

       By default, images and links used for tracking open  and  click  events
       are  hosted on domains operated by Amazon SES. You can configure a sub-
       domain of your own to handle these events. For information about  using
       custom domains, see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-configuration-set-tracking-options
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          --tracking-options <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The  name  of the configuration set for which you want to update the
          custom tracking domain.

       --tracking-options (structure)
          A domain that is used to redirect  email  recipients  to  an  Amazon
          SES-operated domain. This domain captures open and click events gen-
          erated by Amazon SES emails.

          For more information, see Configuring Custom Domains to Handle  Open
          and Click Tracking in the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

          CustomRedirectDomain -> (string)
              The custom subdomain that will be used to redirect email recipi-
              ents to the Amazon SES event tracking domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          CustomRedirectDomain=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "CustomRedirectDomain": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                   UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-TRACKING-OPTIONS()
