UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ENABLED()              UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ENABLED()



NAME
       update-account-sending-enabled -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables or disables email sending across your entire Amazon SES account
       in the current AWS Region. You can use this  operation  in  conjunction
       with Amazon CloudWatch alarms to temporarily pause email sending across
       your Amazon SES account in a given AWS Region when  reputation  metrics
       (such as your bounce or complaint rates) reach certain thresholds.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-account-sending-enabled
          [--enabled | --no-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          Describes whether email sending is enabled or disabled for your Ama-
          zon SES account in the current AWS Region.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ENABLED()
