UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-REPUTATION-METRICS-ENABLED()



NAME
       update-configuration-set-reputation-metrics-enabled -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  or  disables  the  publishing of reputation metrics for emails
       sent using a specific configuration set in a given AWS Region.  Reputa-
       tion metrics include bounce and complaint rates. These metrics are pub-
       lished to Amazon CloudWatch. By using CloudWatch, you can create alarms
       when bounce or complaint rates exceed certain thresholds.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-configuration-set-reputation-metrics-enabled
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          --enabled | --no-enabled
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set that you want to update.

       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          Describes  whether or not Amazon SES will publish reputation metrics
          for the configuration set, such as bounce and  complaint  rates,  to
          Amazon CloudWatch.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                         UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-REPUTATION-METRICS-ENABLED()
