UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-ENAUPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-ENABLED()



NAME
       update-configuration-set-sending-enabled -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  or  disables  email sending for messages sent using a specific
       configuration set in a given AWS Region. You can use this operation  in
       conjunction  with  Amazon  CloudWatch alarms to temporarily pause email
       sending for a configuration set when the reputation  metrics  for  that
       configuration  set  (such as your bounce on complaint rate) exceed cer-
       tain thresholds.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-configuration-set-sending-enabled
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          --enabled | --no-enabled
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set that you want to update.

       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          Describes whether email sending is enabled or disabled for the  con-
          figuration set.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                    UPDATE-CONFIGURATION-SET-SENDING-ENABLED()
