VERIFY-EMAIL-IDENTITY()                                VERIFY-EMAIL-IDENTITY()



NAME
       verify-email-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds an email address to the list of identities for your Amazon SES ac-
       count in the current AWS region and attempts to verify it. As a  result
       of executing this operation, a verification email is sent to the speci-
       fied address.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-email-identity
          --email-address <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-address (string)
          The email address to be verified.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To verify an email address with Amazon SES

       The  following example uses the verify-email-identity command to verify
       an email address:

          aws ses verify-email-identity --email-address user@example.com

       Before you can send an email using Amazon SES, you must verify the  ad-
       dress  or  domain that you are sending the email from to prove that you
       own it. If you do not have production access yet, you also need to ver-
       ify  any  email  addresses that you send emails to except for email ad-
       dresses provided by the Amazon SES mailbox simulator.

       After verify-email-identity is called, the email address will receive a
       verification  email.  The  user  must click on the link in the email to
       complete the verification process.

       For more information, see Verifying Email Addresses in  Amazon  SES  in
       the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       VERIFY-EMAIL-IDENTITY()
