VERIFY-DOMAIN-IDENTITY()                              VERIFY-DOMAIN-IDENTITY()



NAME
       verify-domain-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a domain to the list of identities for your Amazon SES account in
       the current AWS Region and attempts to verify it. For more  information
       about  verifying  domains, see Verifying Email Addresses and Domains in
       the Amazon SES Developer Guide.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-domain-identity
          --domain <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The domain to be verified.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To verify a domain with Amazon SES

       The following example uses the verify-domain-identity command to verify
       a domain:

          aws ses verify-domain-identity --domain example.com

       Output:

          {
             "VerificationToken": "eoEmxw+YaYhb3h3iVJHuXMJXqeu1q1/wwmvjuEXAMPLE"
          }

       To complete domain verification, you must add a TXT record with the re-
       turned  verification  token to your domain's DNS settings. For more in-
       formation, see Verifying Domains in Amazon SES  in  the  Amazon  Simple
       Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       VerificationToken -> (string)
          A  TXT  record that you must place in the DNS settings of the domain
          to complete domain verification with Amazon SES.

          As Amazon SES searches for the TXT record, the domain's verification
          status  is  "Pending".  When  Amazon SES detects the record, the do-
          main's verification status changes to "Success". If  Amazon  SES  is
          unable  to detect the record within 72 hours, the domain's verifica-
          tion status changes to "Failed." In that case, if you still want  to
          verify  the  domain,  you must restart the verification process from
          the beginning.



                                                      VERIFY-DOMAIN-IDENTITY()
