VERIFY-DOMAIN-DKIM()                                      VERIFY-DOMAIN-DKIM()



NAME
       verify-domain-dkim -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a set of DKIM tokens for a domain identity.

       WARNING:
          When you execute the VerifyDomainDkim operation, the domain that you
          specify is added to the list of identities that are associated  with
          your  account.  This  is true even if you haven't already associated
          the domain with your account by using the VerifyDomainIdentity oper-
          ation.  However,  you can't send email from the domain until you ei-
          ther successfully verify it or you successfully set up DKIM for it .

       You use the tokens that are generated by this operation to create CNAME
       records. When Amazon SES detects that you've added these records to the
       DNS configuration for a domain, you can start sending email  from  that
       domain.  You  can start sending email even if you haven't added the TXT
       record provided by the VerifyDomainIdentity operation to the  DNS  con-
       figuration  for your domain. All email that you send from the domain is
       authenticated using DKIM.

       To create the CNAME records for DKIM authentication, use the  following
       values:

       o Name : token ._domainkey.*example.com*

       o Type : CNAME

       o Value : token .dkim.amazonses.com

       In the preceding example, replace token with one of the tokens that are
       generated when you execute this  operation.  Replace  example.com  with
       your  domain.  Repeat  this  process for each token that's generated by
       this operation.

       You can execute this operation no more than once per second.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-domain-dkim
          --domain <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain to be verified for Easy DKIM signing.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  generate a verified domain's DKIM tokens for DKIM signing with Ama-
       zon SES

       The following example uses the verify-domain-dkim command  to  generate
       DKIM tokens for a domain that has been verified with Amazon SES:

          aws ses verify-domain-dkim --domain example.com

       Output:

          {
             "DkimTokens": [
                 "EXAMPLEq76owjnks3lnluwg65scbemvw",
                 "EXAMPLEi3dnsj67hstzaj673klariwx2",
                 "EXAMPLEwfbtcukvimehexktmdtaz6naj"
             ]
          }

       To  set  up  DKIM, you must use the returned DKIM tokens to update your
       domain's DNS settings with CNAME records that point to DKIM public keys
       hosted by Amazon SES. For more information, see Easy DKIM in Amazon SES
       in the Amazon Simple Email Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       DkimTokens -> (list)
          A set of character strings that represent the domain's identity.  If
          the identity is an email address, the tokens represent the domain of
          that address.

          Using these tokens, you need to create DNS CNAME records that  point
          to  DKIM  public keys that are hosted by Amazon SES. Amazon Web Ser-
          vices eventually detects that you've updated your DNS records.  This
          detection process might take up to 72 hours. After successful detec-
          tion, Amazon SES is able to DKIM-sign email  originating  from  that
          domain.  (This  only applies to domain identities, not email address
          identities.)

          For more information about creating DNS records using  DKIM  tokens,
          see the Amazon SES Developer Guide .

          (string)



                                                          VERIFY-DOMAIN-DKIM()
