GET-CONTACT-INFORMATION()                            GET-CONTACT-INFORMATION()



NAME
       get-contact-information -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the primary contact information of an Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       For complete details about how to use the primary  contact  operations,
       see Update the primary and alternate contact information .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-contact-information
          [--account-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          Specifies  the 12-digit account ID number of the Amazon Web Services
          account that you want to access or modify with  this  operation.  If
          you don't specify this parameter, it defaults to the Amazon Web Ser-
          vices account of the identity used to call  the  operation.  To  use
          this parameter, the caller must be an identity in the organization's
          management account or a delegated administrator account. The  speci-
          fied  account ID must also be a member account in the same organiza-
          tion. The organization must have all features enabled , and the  or-
          ganization  must have trusted access enabled for the Account Manage-
          ment service, and optionally a delegated admin account assigned.

          NOTE:
              The management account can't specify its own AccountId . It must
              call  the  operation  in standalone context by not including the
              AccountId parameter.

          To call this operation on an account that is not a member of an  or-
          ganization,  don't  specify this parameter. Instead, call the opera-
          tion using an identity belonging to the account whose  contacts  you
          wish to retrieve or modify.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ContactInformation -> (structure)
          Contains the details of the primary contact  information  associated
          with an Amazon Web Services account.

          AddressLine1 -> (string)
              The first line of the primary contact address.

          AddressLine2 -> (string)
              The second line of the primary contact address, if any.

          AddressLine3 -> (string)
              The third line of the primary contact address, if any.

          City -> (string)
              The city of the primary contact address.

          CompanyName -> (string)
              The  name of the company associated with the primary contact in-
              formation, if any.

          CountryCode -> (string)
              The ISO-3166 two-letter country code for the primary contact ad-
              dress.

          DistrictOrCounty -> (string)
              The district or county of the primary contact address, if any.

          FullName -> (string)
              The full name of the primary contact address.

          PhoneNumber -> (string)
              The  phone number of the primary contact information. The number
              will be validated and, in some countries,  checked  for  activa-
              tion.

          PostalCode -> (string)
              The postal code of the primary contact address.

          StateOrRegion -> (string)
              The  state  or region of the primary contact address. This field
              is required in selected countries.

          WebsiteUrl -> (string)
              The URL of the website associated with the primary  contact  in-
              formation, if any.



                                                     GET-CONTACT-INFORMATION()
