GET-ALTERNATE-CONTACT()                                GET-ALTERNATE-CONTACT()



NAME
       get-alternate-contact -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  specified  alternate  contact attached to an Amazon Web
       Services account.

       For complete details about how to use the alternate contact operations,
       see Access or updating the alternate contacts .

       NOTE:
          Before  you can update the alternate contact information for an Ama-
          zon Web Services account that is managed by Organizations, you  must
          first enable integration between Amazon Web Services Account Manage-
          ment and Organizations. For more information, see  Enabling  trusted
          access for Amazon Web Services Account Management .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-alternate-contact
          [--account-id <value>]
          --alternate-contact-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          Specifies  the 12 digit account ID number of the Amazon Web Services
          account that you want to access or modify with this operation.

          If you do not specify this parameter, it defaults to the Amazon  Web
          Services account of the identity used to call the operation.

          To  use  this  parameter,  the  caller  must  be  an identity in the
          organization's management account or a delegated  administrator  ac-
          count,  and the specified account ID must be a member account in the
          same organization. The organization must have all features enabled ,
          and  the  organization  must have trusted access enabled for the Ac-
          count Management service, and optionally a delegated  admin  account
          assigned.

          NOTE:
              The management account can't specify its own AccountId ; it must
              call the operation in standalone context by  not  including  the
              AccountId parameter.

          To  call this operation on an account that is not a member of an or-
          ganization, then don't specify this parameter, and call  the  opera-
          tion  using  an identity belonging to the account whose contacts you
          wish to retrieve or modify.

       --alternate-contact-type (string)
          Specifies which alternate contact you want to retrieve.

          Possible values:

          o BILLING

          o OPERATIONS

          o SECURITY

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AlternateContact -> (structure)
          A  structure  that  contains the details for the specified alternate
          contact.

          AlternateContactType -> (string)
              The type of alternate contact.

          EmailAddress -> (string)
              The email address associated with this alternate contact.

          Name -> (string)
              The name associated with this alternate contact.

          PhoneNumber -> (string)
              The phone number associated with this alternate contact.

          Title -> (string)
              The title associated with this alternate contact.



                                                       GET-ALTERNATE-CONTACT()
