REFRESH-TOKEN()                                                REFRESH-TOKEN()



NAME
       refresh-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Refreshes a previously issued access token that might have expired.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            refresh-token
          --provider <value>
          --refresh-token-body <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --provider (string)
          The  third-party  provider  for  the  token. The only valid value is
          figma .

          Possible values:

          o figma

       --refresh-token-body (structure)
          Information about the refresh token request.

          token -> (string)
              The token to use to refresh a  previously  issued  access  token
              that might have expired.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          token=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "token": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       accessToken -> (string)
          The access token.

       expiresIn -> (integer)
          The date and time when the new access token expires.



                                                               REFRESH-TOKEN()
