CANCEL-JOB()                                                      CANCEL-JOB()



NAME
       cancel-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Permanently cancel a job. Once you have canceled a job, you can't start
       it again.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-job
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string) The Job ID of the job to be cancelled.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To cancel a job that is in a queue

       The  following   cancel-job   example   cancels   the   job   with   ID
       1234567891234-abc123.  You  can't  cancel  a  job  that the service has
       started processing.

          aws mediaconvert cancel-job \
              --endpoint-url https://abcd1234.mediaconvert.region-name-1.amazonaws.com \
              --region region-name-1 \
              --id 1234567891234-abc123

       To get your account-specific endpoint, use describe-endpoints, or  send
       the command without the endpoint. The service returns an error and your
       endpoint.

       For more information, see Working with AWS Elemental MediaConvert  Jobs
       in the AWS Elemental MediaConvert User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  CANCEL-JOB()
