DELETE-JOB-TEMPLATE()                                    DELETE-JOB-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-job-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Permanently delete a job template you have created.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-job-template
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string) The name of the job template to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a job template

       The  following delete-job-template example deletes the specified custom
       job template.

          aws mediaconvert delete-job-template \
              --name "DASH Streaming" \
              --endpoint-url https://abcd1234.mediaconvert.us-west-2.amazonaws.com

       This command produces no output.  Run  aws  mediaconvert  list-job-tem-
       plates to confirm that your template was deleted.

       For  more  information, see Working with AWS Elemental MediaConvert Job
       Templates in the AWS Elemental MediaConvert User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-JOB-TEMPLATE()
