DELETE-QUEUE()                                                  DELETE-QUEUE()



NAME
       delete-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Permanently delete a queue you have created.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-queue
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string) The name of the queue that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom on-demand queue

       The following delete-queue example deletes the specified custom  on-de-
       mand queue.

       You  can't delete your default queue. You can't delete a reserved queue
       that has an active pricing plan or that contains unprocessed jobs.

          aws mediaconvert delete-queue \
              --name Customer1 \
              --endpoint-url https://abcd1234.mediaconvert.us-west-2.amazonaws.com

       This command produces no output. Run aws  mediaconvert  list-queues  to
       confirm that your queue was deleted.

       For  more  information,  see  Working  with  AWS Elemental MediaConvert
       Queues in the AWS Elemental MediaConvert User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-QUEUE()
