DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()                                      DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()



NAME
       describe-endpoints -

DESCRIPTION
       Send  an request with an empty body to the regional API endpoint to get
       your account API endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-endpoints is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Endpoints

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoints
          [--mode <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --mode  (string)  Optional  field, defaults to DEFAULT. Specify DEFAULT
       for this operation to return your endpoints if any exist, or to  create
       an endpoint for you and return it if one doesn't already exist. Specify
       GET_ONLY to return your endpoints if any exist, or  an  empty  list  if
       none exist.
          Possible values:

          o DEFAULT

          o GET_ONLY

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get your account-specific endpoint

       The following describe-endpoints example retrieves  the  endpoint  that
       you need to send any other request to the service.

          aws mediaconvert describe-endpoints

       Output:

          {
              "Endpoints": [
                  {
                      "Url": "https://abcd1234.mediaconvert.region-name-1.amazonaws.com"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Getting Started with MediaConvert Using the
       API in the AWS Elemental MediaConvert API Reference.

OUTPUT
       Endpoints -> (list)
          List of endpoints

          (structure)
              Describes an account-specific API endpoint.

              Url -> (string)
                 URL of endpoint

       NextToken -> (string)
          Use this string to request the next batch of endpoints.



                                                          DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()
