UPDATE-QUEUE()                                                  UPDATE-QUEUE()



NAME
       update-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Modify one of your existing queues.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-queue
          [--description <value>]
          --name <value>
          [--reservation-plan-settings <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --description  (string)  The  new description for the queue, if you are
       changing it.

       --name (string) The name of the queue that you are modifying.

       --reservation-plan-settings (structure) The new details of your pricing
       plan for your reserved queue. When you set up a new pricing plan to re-
       place an expired one, you enter into another 12-month commitment.  When
       you add capacity to your queue by increasing the number of RTS, you ex-
       tend the term of your commitment to 12 months from when you add  capac-
       ity. After you make these commitments, you can't cancel them.Commitment
       -> (string)
              The length of the term of your reserved queue pricing plan  com-
              mitment.

          RenewalType -> (string)
              Specifies  whether  the term of your reserved queue pricing plan
              is automatically extended (AUTO_RENEW) or  expires  (EXPIRE)  at
              the  end of the term. When your term is auto renewed, you extend
              your commitment by 12 months from the auto renew date.  You  can
              cancel this commitment.

          ReservedSlots -> (integer)
              Specifies  the number of reserved transcode slots (RTS) for this
              queue. The number of RTS determines how many jobs the queue  can
              process in parallel; each RTS can process one job at a time. You
              can't decrease the number of RTS in your reserved queue. You can
              increase the number of RTS by extending your existing commitment
              with a new 12-month commitment for the larger  number.  The  new
              commitment begins when you purchase the additional capacity. You
              can't cancel your commitment or revert to your original  commit-
              ment after you increase the capacity.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Commitment=string,RenewalType=string,ReservedSlots=integer

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Commitment": "ONE_YEAR",
            "RenewalType": "AUTO_RENEW"|"EXPIRE",
            "ReservedSlots": integer
          }

       --status  (string) Pause or activate a queue by changing its status be-
       tween ACTIVE and PAUSED. If you pause a queue, jobs in that queue won't
       begin.  Jobs  that are running when you pause the queue continue to run
       until they finish or result in an error.
          Possible values:

          o ACTIVE

          o PAUSED

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change a queue

       The following update-queue  example  pauses  the  specified  queue,  by
       changing its status to PAUSED.

          aws mediaconvert update-queue \
          --name Customer1 \
          --status PAUSED
          --endpoint-url https://abcd1234.mediaconvert.us-west-2.amazonaws.com

       Output:

          {
              "Queue": {
                  "LastUpdated": 1568839845,
                  "Status": "PAUSED",
                  "ProgressingJobsCount": 0,
                  "CreatedAt": 1526428516,
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:mediaconvert:us-west-1:123456789012:queues/Customer1",
                  "Name": "Customer1",
                  "SubmittedJobsCount": 0,
                  "PricingPlan": "ON_DEMAND",
                  "Type": "CUSTOM"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Working  with  AWS Elemental MediaConvert
       Queues in the AWS Elemental MediaConvert User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Queue -> (structure)
          You can use queues to manage the resources  that  are  available  to
          your  AWS  account for running multiple transcoding jobs at the same
          time. If you don't specify a  queue,  the  service  sends  all  jobs
          through    the    default   queue.   For   more   information,   see
          https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/latest/ug/working-with-queues.html.

          Arn -> (string)
              An  identifier  for  this  resource that is unique within all of
              AWS.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp in epoch seconds for when you created the queue.

          Description -> (string)
              An optional description that you create for each queue.

          LastUpdated -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp in epoch seconds for when you  most  recently  up-
              dated the queue.

          Name -> (string)
              A  name that you create for each queue. Each name must be unique
              within your account.

          PricingPlan -> (string)
              Specifies whether the pricing plan for the queue is on-demand or
              reserved.  For  on-demand,  you pay per minute, billed in incre-
              ments of .01 minute. For reserved, you pay for  the  transcoding
              capacity of the entire queue, regardless of how much or how lit-
              tle you use it. Reserved pricing requires a 12-month commitment.

          ProgressingJobsCount -> (integer)
              The estimated number of jobs with a PROGRESSING status.

          ReservationPlan -> (structure)
              Details about the pricing plan for your reserved queue. Required
              for reserved queues and not applicable to on-demand queues.

              Commitment -> (string)
                 The  length  of  the term of your reserved queue pricing plan
                 commitment.

              ExpiresAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp in epoch seconds for when the  current  pricing
                 plan term for this reserved queue expires.

              PurchasedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp  in epoch seconds for when you set up the cur-
                 rent pricing plan for this reserved queue.

              RenewalType -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the term of  your  reserved  queue  pricing
                 plan  is  automatically extended (AUTO_RENEW) or expires (EX-
                 PIRE) at the end of the term.

              ReservedSlots -> (integer)
                 Specifies the number of reserved transcode  slots  (RTS)  for
                 this  queue.  The  number of RTS determines how many jobs the
                 queue can process in parallel; each RTS can process  one  job
                 at a time. When you increase this number, you extend your ex-
                 isting commitment with a new 12-month commitment for a larger
                 number  of  RTS.  The new commitment begins when you purchase
                 the additional capacity. You can't decrease the number of RTS
                 in your reserved queue.

              Status -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the pricing plan for your reserved queue is
                 ACTIVE or EXPIRED.

          Status -> (string)
              Queues can be ACTIVE or PAUSED. If you pause a queue,  the  ser-
              vice  won't  begin  processing jobs in that queue. Jobs that are
              running when you pause the queue continue to run until they fin-
              ish or result in an error.

          SubmittedJobsCount -> (integer)
              The estimated number of jobs with a SUBMITTED status.

          Type -> (string)
              Specifies whether this on-demand queue is system or custom. Sys-
              tem queues are built in.  You  can't  modify  or  delete  system
              queues. You can create and modify custom queues.



                                                                UPDATE-QUEUE()
