REPLICATION-INSTANCE-DELETED()                  REPLICATION-INSTANCE-DELETED()



NAME
       replication-instance-deleted -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  DMS replication instance is deleted. It will poll every 15
       seconds until a successful state has been reached. This will exit  with
       a return code of 255 after 60 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       replication-instance-deleted  is  a  paginated  operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: ReplicationInstances

SYNOPSIS
            replication-instance-deleted
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          Filters applied to replication instances.

          Valid  filter  names:  replication-instance-arn  |   replication-in-
          stance-id | replication-instance-class | engine-version

          (structure)
              Identifies the name and value of a filter object. This filter is
              used to limit the number and type of DMS objects  that  are  re-
              turned  for  a  particular  Describe* call or similar operation.
              Filters are used as an optional parameter for certain API opera-
              tions.

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name of the filter as specified for a Describe* or simi-
                 lar operation.

              Values -> (list)
                 The filter value, which can specify one or more  values  used
                 to narrow the returned results.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                REPLICATION-INSTANCE-DELETED()
