DELETE-FUNCTION()                                            DELETE-FUNCTION()



NAME
       delete-function -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  Lambda function. To delete a specific function version, use
       the Qualifier  parameter.  Otherwise,  all  versions  and  aliases  are
       deleted.

       To  delete  Lambda  event  source  mappings that invoke a function, use
       DeleteEventSourceMapping . For Amazon Web  Services  services  and  re-
       sources  that  invoke your function directly, delete the trigger in the
       service where you originally configured it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-function
          --function-name <value>
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function or version.
              Name formats

          o Function name - my-function (name-only), my-function:1 (with  ver-
            sion).

          o Function    ARN    -   arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          You can append a version number or alias to any of the formats.  The
          length  constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify only
          the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --qualifier (string)
          Specify a version to delete. You can't delete a version that's  ref-
          erenced by an alias.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a Lambda function

       The following delete-function example deletes the Lambda function named
       my-function.

          aws lambda delete-function \
              --function-name my-function

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see AWS Lambda Function Configuration in the  AWS
       Lambda Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-FUNCTION()
