DELETE-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()                      DELETE-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()



NAME
       delete-function-url-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  Lambda  function  URL.  When you delete a function URL, you
       can't recover it. Creating a new function URL results  in  a  different
       URL address.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-function-url-config
          --function-name <value>
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function.
              Name formats

          o Function name - my-function .

          o Function    ARN    -   arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If  you  specify
          only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --qualifier (string)
          The alias name.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()
