DELETE-LAYER-VERSION()                                  DELETE-LAYER-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-layer-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  version of an Lambda layer . Deleted versions can no longer
       be viewed or added to functions. To avoid breaking functions, a copy of
       the version remains in Lambda until no functions refer to it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-layer-version
          --layer-name <value>
          --version-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --layer-name (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the layer.

       --version-number (long)
          The version number.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a version of a Lambda layer

       The  following  delete-layer-version  example  deletes version 2 of the
       layer named my-layer.

          aws lambda delete-layer-version \
              --layer-name my-layer \
              --version-number 2

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see AWS Lambda Layers in the AWS Lambda Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-LAYER-VERSION()
