DELETE-FUNCTION-EVENT-INVOKE-CONFIG()    DELETE-FUNCTION-EVENT-INVOKE-CONFIG()



NAME
       delete-function-event-invoke-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  configuration for asynchronous invocation for a function,
       version, or alias.

       To configure options for  asynchronous  invocation,  use   PutFunction-
       EventInvokeConfig .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-function-event-invoke-config
          --function-name <value>
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function, version, or alias.
              Name formats

          o Function  name  -  my-function  (name-only),  my-function:v1 (with
            alias).

          o Function   ARN    -    arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          You  can append a version number or alias to any of the formats. The
          length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify  only
          the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --qualifier (string)
          A version number or alias name.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an asynchronous invocation configuration

       The  following  delete-function-event-invoke-config example deletes the
       asynchronous invocation configuration for the GREEN alias of the speci-
       fied function.

          aws lambda delete-function-event-invoke-config --function-name my-function:GREEN

OUTPUT
       None



                                         DELETE-FUNCTION-EVENT-INVOKE-CONFIG()
