GET-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()                            GET-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-function-url-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns details about a Lambda function URL.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-function-url-config
          --function-name <value>
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function.
              Name formats

          o Function name - my-function .

          o Function    ARN    -   arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If  you  specify
          only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --qualifier (string)
          The alias name.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FunctionUrl -> (string)
          The HTTP URL endpoint for your function.

       FunctionArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of your function.

       AuthType -> (string)
          The type of authentication that  your  function  URL  uses.  Set  to
          AWS_IAM  if  you  want to restrict access to authenticated IAM users
          only. Set to NONE if you want to bypass IAM authentication to create
          a public endpoint. For more information, see Security and auth model
          for Lambda function URLs .

       Cors -> (structure)
          The cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) settings for your  function
          URL.

          AllowCredentials -> (boolean)
              Whether  to  allow  cookies  or other credentials in requests to
              your function URL. The default is false .

          AllowHeaders -> (list)
              The HTTP headers that origins can include in  requests  to  your
              function URL. For example: Date , Keep-Alive , X-Custom-Header .

              (string)

          AllowMethods -> (list)
              The  HTTP  methods  that  are allowed when calling your function
              URL. For example: GET , POST , DELETE , or the wildcard  charac-
              ter (* ).

              (string)

          AllowOrigins -> (list)
              The  origins that can access your function URL. You can list any
              number of specific origins, separated by a comma.  For  example:
              https://www.example.com , http://localhost:60905 .

              Alternatively,  you  can  grant  access to all origins using the
              wildcard character (* ).

              (string)

          ExposeHeaders -> (list)
              The HTTP headers in your function response that you want to  ex-
              pose to origins that call your function URL. For example: Date ,
              Keep-Alive , X-Custom-Header .

              (string)

          MaxAge -> (integer)
              The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that  web  browsers  can
              cache results of a preflight request. By default, this is set to
              0 , which means that the browser doesn't cache results.

       CreationTime -> (string)
          When  the   function   URL   was   created,   in   ISO-8601   format
          (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sTZD).

       LastModifiedTime -> (string)
          When  the  function  URL configuration was last updated, in ISO-8601
          format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sTZD).



                                                     GET-FUNCTION-URL-CONFIG()
