GET-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()                          GET-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()



NAME
       get-function-concurrency -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  details  about  the  reserved  concurrency configuration for a
       function. To set a concurrency limit for a function, use   PutFunction-
       Concurrency .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-function-concurrency
          --function-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function.
              Name formats

          o Function name - my-function .

          o Function    ARN    -   arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          The length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If  you  specify
          only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view the reserved concurrency setting for a function

       The  following  get-function-concurrency example retrieves the reserved
       concurrency setting for the specified function.

          aws lambda get-function-concurrency \
              --function-name my-function

       Output:

          {
              "ReservedConcurrentExecutions": 250
          }

OUTPUT
       ReservedConcurrentExecutions -> (integer)
          The number of simultaneous executions  that  are  reserved  for  the
          function.



                                                    GET-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()
