LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a function's tags . You can also view tags with  GetFunction .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource (string)
          The  function's  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN). Note: Lambda does not
          support adding tags to aliases or versions.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the list of tags for a Lambda function

       The following list-tags example  displays  the  tags  attached  to  the
       my-function Lambda function.

          aws lambda list-tags \
              --resource arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "Category": "Web Tools",
                  "Department": "Sales"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see Tagging Lambda Functions in the AWS Lambda
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          The function's tags.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
