LIST-FUNCTIONS-BY-CODE-SIGNING-CONFIG()LIST-FUNCTIONS-BY-CODE-SIGNING-CONFIG()



NAME
       list-functions-by-code-signing-config -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  functions that use the specified code signing configuration.
       You can use this method prior to deleting a code signing configuration,
       to verify that no functions are using it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-functions-by-code-signing-config  is a paginated operation. Multi-
       ple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of
       results.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate ar-
       gument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on  a  pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: FunctionArns

SYNOPSIS
            list-functions-by-code-signing-config
          --code-signing-config-arn <value>
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --code-signing-config-arn (string)
          The The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  code  signing  configura-
          tion.

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          The pagination token that's included if more results are available.

       FunctionArns -> (list)
          The function ARNs.

          (string)



                                       LIST-FUNCTIONS-BY-CODE-SIGNING-CONFIG()
