LIST-ALIASES()                                                  LIST-ALIASES()



NAME
       list-aliases -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of aliases for a Lambda function.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-aliases is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Aliases

SYNOPSIS
            list-aliases
          --function-name <value>
          [--function-version <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function.
              Name formats

          o Function name - MyFunction .

          o Function ARN -  arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:My-
            Function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:MyFunction .

          The  length  constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify
          only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --function-version (string)
          Specify a function version to only list  aliases  that  invoke  that
          version.

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the list of aliases for a Lambda function

       The following list-aliases example displays a list of the  aliases  for
       the my-function Lambda function.

          aws lambda list-aliases \
              --function-name my-function

       Output:

          {
              "Aliases": [
                  {
                      "AliasArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function:BETA",
                      "RevisionId": "a410117f-ab16-494e-8035-7e204bb7933b",
                      "FunctionVersion": "2",
                      "Name": "BETA",
                      "Description": "alias for beta version of function"
                  },
                  {
                      "AliasArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:function:my-function:LIVE",
                      "RevisionId": "21d40116-f8b1-40ba-9360-3ea284da1bb5",
                      "FunctionVersion": "1",
                      "Name": "LIVE",
                      "Description": "alias for live version of function"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Configuring AWS Lambda Function Aliases in
       the AWS Lambda Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          The pagination token that's included if more results are available.

       Aliases -> (list)
          A list of aliases.

          (structure)
              Provides configuration information about a Lambda function alias
              .

              AliasArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the alias.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the alias.

              FunctionVersion -> (string)
                 The function version that the alias invokes.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the alias.

              RoutingConfig -> (structure)
                 The routing configuration of the alias.

                 AdditionalVersionWeights -> (map)
                     The  second version, and the percentage of traffic that's
                     routed to it.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (double)

              RevisionId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier that changes when you update the alias.



                                                                LIST-ALIASES()
