PUT-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()                          PUT-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()



NAME
       put-function-concurrency -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the maximum number of simultaneous executions for a function, and
       reserves capacity for that concurrency level.

       Concurrency settings apply to the function as a  whole,  including  all
       published  versions  and the unpublished version. Reserving concurrency
       both ensures that your function has capacity to process  the  specified
       number  of  events  simultaneously, and prevents it from scaling beyond
       that level. Use  GetFunction to see the current setting for a function.

       Use  GetAccountSettings to see your Regional concurrency limit. You can
       reserve  concurrency  for as many functions as you like, as long as you
       leave at least 100 simultaneous  executions  unreserved  for  functions
       that aren't configured with a per-function limit. For more information,
       see Managing Concurrency .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-function-concurrency
          --function-name <value>
          --reserved-concurrent-executions <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function.
              Name formats

          o Function name - my-function .

          o Function   ARN    -    arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          The  length  constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify
          only the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --reserved-concurrent-executions (integer)
          The number of simultaneous executions to reserve for the function.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To configure a reserved concurrency limit for a function

       The  following put-function-concurrency example configures 100 reserved
       concurrent executions for the my-function function.

          aws lambda put-function-concurrency \
              --function-name  my-function  \
              --reserved-concurrent-executions 100

       Output:

          {
              "ReservedConcurrentExecutions": 100
          }

       For more information, see Reserving Concurrency for a  Lambda  Function
       in the AWS Lambda Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ReservedConcurrentExecutions -> (integer)
          The number of concurrent executions that are reserved for this func-
          tion. For more information, see Managing Concurrency .



                                                    PUT-FUNCTION-CONCURRENCY()
