REMOVE-LAYER-VERSION-PERMISSION()            REMOVE-LAYER-VERSION-PERMISSION()



NAME
       remove-layer-version-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a  statement  from  the permissions policy for a version of an
       Lambda layer . For more information, see  AddLayerVersionPermission .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-layer-version-permission
          --layer-name <value>
          --version-number <value>
          --statement-id <value>
          [--revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --layer-name (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the layer.

       --version-number (long)
          The version number.

       --statement-id (string)
          The identifier that was specified when the statement was added.

       --revision-id (string)
          Only update the policy if the revision ID matches the ID  specified.
          Use  this  option to avoid modifying a policy that has changed since
          you last read it.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete layer-version permissions

       The following remove-layer-version-permission example  deletes  permis-
       sion for an account to configure a layer version.

          aws lambda remove-layer-version-permission \
              --layer-name my-layer \
              --statement-id xaccount \
              --version-number 1

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see AWS Lambda Layers in the AWS Lambda Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             REMOVE-LAYER-VERSION-PERMISSION()
