REMOVE-PERMISSION()                                        REMOVE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       remove-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes  function-use permission from an Amazon Web Services service or
       another account. You can get the ID of the statement from the output of
       GetPolicy .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-permission
          --function-name <value>
          --statement-id <value>
          [--qualifier <value>]
          [--revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-name (string)
          The name of the Lambda function, version, or alias.
              Name formats

          o Function  name  -  my-function  (name-only),  my-function:v1 (with
            alias).

          o Function   ARN    -    arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456789012:func-
            tion:my-function .

          o Partial ARN - 123456789012:function:my-function .

          You  can append a version number or alias to any of the formats. The
          length constraint applies only to the full ARN. If you specify  only
          the function name, it is limited to 64 characters in length.

       --statement-id (string)
          Statement ID of the permission to remove.

       --qualifier (string)
          Specify  a  version  or alias to remove permissions from a published
          version of the function.

       --revision-id (string)
          Only update the policy if the revision  ID  matches  the  ID  that's
          specified.  Use  this  option  to  avoid modifying a policy that has
          changed since you last read it.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove permissions from an existing Lambda function

       The following remove-permission example removes permission to invoke  a
       function named my-function.

          aws lambda remove-permission \
              --function-name my-function \
              --statement-id sns

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Using Resource-based Policies for AWS Lambda
       in the AWS Lambda Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           REMOVE-PERMISSION()
