CREATE-MEMBERS()                                              CREATE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       create-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a member association in Security Hub between the specified ac-
       counts and the account used to make the request, which is the  adminis-
       trator  account. If you are integrated with Organizations, then the ad-
       ministrator account is designated by the  organization  management  ac-
       count.
          CreateMembers  is always used to add accounts that are not organiza-
          tion members.

       For accounts that are managed  using  Organizations,  CreateMembers  is
       only used in the following cases:

       o Security  Hub is not configured to automatically add new organization
         accounts.

       o The account was disassociated or deleted in Security Hub.

       This action can only be used by an account that has  Security  Hub  en-
       abled. To enable Security Hub, you can use the EnableSecurityHub opera-
       tion.

       For accounts that are not organization members, you create the  account
       association  and then send an invitation to the member account. To send
       the invitation, you use the InviteMembers  operation.  If  the  account
       owner  accepts  the invitation, the account becomes a member account in
       Security Hub.

       Accounts that are managed using Organizations do not receive an invita-
       tion. They automatically become a member account in Security Hub.

       o If  the organization account does not have Security Hub enabled, then
         Security Hub and the default  standards  are  automatically  enabled.
         Note  that Security Hub cannot be enabled automatically for the orga-
         nization management account. The organization management account must
         enable  Security Hub before the administrator account enables it as a
         member account.

       o For organization accounts that already have Security Hub enabled, Se-
         curity Hub does not make any other changes to those accounts. It does
         not change their enabled standards or controls.

       A permissions policy is added that permits the administrator account to
       view the findings generated in the member account.

       To  remove  the  association  between  the administrator and member ac-
       counts, use the  DisassociateFromMasterAccount  or  DisassociateMembers
       operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-members
          --account-details <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-details (list)
          The  list of accounts to associate with the Security Hub administra-
          tor account. For each account, the list includes the account ID  and
          optionally the email address.

          (structure)
              The details of an Amazon Web Services account.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The ID of an Amazon Web Services account.

              Email -> (string)
                 The email of an Amazon Web Services account.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          AccountId=string,Email=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "AccountId": "string",
              "Email": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To add accounts as member accounts

       The  following  create-members  example adds two accounts as member ac-
       counts to the requesting administrator account.

          aws securityhub create-members \
              --account-details '[{"AccountId": "123456789111"}, {"AccountId": "123456789222"}]'

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The  list  of  Amazon Web Services accounts that were not processed.
          For each account, the list includes the account ID and the email ad-
          dress.

          (structure)
              Details about the account that was not processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 An Amazon Web Services account ID of the account that was not
                 processed.

              ProcessingResult -> (string)
                 The reason that the account was not processed.



                                                              CREATE-MEMBERS()
