CREATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()                        CREATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()



NAME
       create-finding-aggregator -

DESCRIPTION
       Used to enable finding aggregation. Must be called from the aggregation
       Region.

       For more details about cross-Region replication, see Configuring  find-
       ing aggregation in the Security Hub User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-finding-aggregator
          --region-linking-mode <value>
          [--regions <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --region-linking-mode (string)
          Indicates  whether  to  aggregate findings from all of the available
          Regions in the current partition. Also determines whether  to  auto-
          matically  aggregate  findings from new Regions as Security Hub sup-
          ports them and you opt into them.

          The selected option also determines how to use the Regions  provided
          in the Regions list.

          The options are as follows:

          o ALL_REGIONS  - Indicates to aggregate findings from all of the Re-
            gions where Security Hub is enabled. When you choose this  option,
            Security  Hub  also automatically aggregates findings from new Re-
            gions as Security Hub supports them and you opt into them.

          o ALL_REGIONS_EXCEPT_SPECIFIED -  Indicates  to  aggregate  findings
            from  all of the Regions where Security Hub is enabled, except for
            the Regions listed in the Regions parameter. When you choose  this
            option,  Security  Hub also automatically aggregates findings from
            new Regions as Security Hub supports them and you opt into them.

          o SPECIFIED_REGIONS - Indicates to aggregate findings only from  the
            Regions listed in the Regions parameter. Security Hub does not au-
            tomatically aggregate findings from new Regions.

       --regions (list)
          If RegionLinkingMode is ALL_REGIONS_EXCEPT_SPECIFIED , then this  is
          a  comma-separated list of Regions that do not aggregate findings to
          the aggregation Region.

          If  RegionLinkingMode  is  SPECIFIED_REGIONS  ,  then  this   is   a
          comma-separated  list  of  Regions that do aggregate findings to the
          aggregation Region.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable finding aggregation

       The  following create-finding-aggregator example configures finding ag-
       gregation. It is run from US East (Virginia), which designates US  East
       (Virginia)  as the aggregation Region. It indicates to only link speci-
       fied Regions, and to not automatically link new Regions. It selects  US
       West (N. California) and US West (Oregon) as the linked Regions.

          aws securityhub create-finding-aggregator \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --region-linking-mode SPECIFIED_REGIONS \
              --regions us-west-1,us-west-2

       Output:

          {
              "FindingAggregatorArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-east-1:222222222222:finding-aggregator/123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426652340000",
              "FindingAggregationRegion": "us-east-1",
              "RegionLinkingMode": "SPECIFIED_REGIONS",
              "Regions": "us-west-1,us-west-2"
          }

       For more information, see Enabling finding aggregation in the AWS Secu-
       rity Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       FindingAggregatorArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the finding aggregator. You use  the  finding  aggregator
          ARN to retrieve details for, update, and stop finding aggregation.

       FindingAggregationRegion -> (string)
          The aggregation Region.

       RegionLinkingMode -> (string)
          Indicates whether to link all Regions, all Regions except for a list
          of excluded Regions, or a list of included Regions.

       Regions -> (list)
          The list of excluded Regions or included Regions.

          (string)



                                                   CREATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()
