CREATE-ACTION-TARGET()                                  CREATE-ACTION-TARGET()



NAME
       create-action-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a custom action target in Security Hub.

       You  can use custom actions on findings and insights in Security Hub to
       trigger target actions in Amazon CloudWatch Events.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-action-target
          --name <value>
          --description <value>
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the custom action target. Can contain up to  20  charac-
          ters.

       --description (string)
          The description for the custom action target.

       --id (string)
          The  ID  for the custom action target. Can contain up to 20 alphanu-
          meric characters.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a custom action

       The following create-action-target example creates a custom action.  It
       provides the name, description, and identifier for the action.

          aws securityhub create-action-target \
              --name "Send to remediation" \
              --description "Action to send the finding for remediation tracking" \
              --id "Remediation"

       Output:

          {
              "ActionTargetArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:action/custom/Remediation"
          }

       For  more  information, see Creating a custom action and associating it
       with a CloudWatch Events rule in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ActionTargetArn -> (string)
          The ARN for the custom action target.



                                                        CREATE-ACTION-TARGET()
