DECLINE-INVITATIONS()                                    DECLINE-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       decline-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Declines invitations to become a member account.

       This operation is only used by accounts that are not part of an organi-
       zation. Organization accounts do not receive invitations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            decline-invitations
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The list of account IDs for the accounts from which to  decline  the
          invitations to Security Hub.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To decline an invitation to be a member account

       The following decline-invitations example declines an invitation to  be
       a member account of the specified administrator account. The member ac-
       count is the requesting account.

          aws securityhub decline-invitations \
              --account-ids "123456789012"

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The  list  of  Amazon Web Services accounts that were not processed.
          For each account, the list includes the account ID and the email ad-
          dress.

          (structure)
              Details about the account that was not processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 An Amazon Web Services account ID of the account that was not
                 processed.

              ProcessingResult -> (string)
                 The reason that the account was not processed.



                                                         DECLINE-INVITATIONS()
