DELETE-ACTION-TARGET()                                  DELETE-ACTION-TARGET()



NAME
       delete-action-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a custom action target from Security Hub.

       Deleting  a  custom  action  target does not affect any findings or in-
       sights that were already sent to Amazon  CloudWatch  Events  using  the
       custom action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-action-target
          --action-target-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --action-target-arn (string)
          The ARN of the custom action target to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom action

       The following delete-action-target example deletes  the  custom  action
       identified by the specified ARN.

          aws securityhub delete-action-target \
              --action-target-arn "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:action/custom/Remediation"

       Output:

          {
              "ActionTargetArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:action/custom/Remediation"
          }

       For  more  information, see Creating a custom action and associating it
       with a CloudWatch Events rule in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ActionTargetArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the custom action target that was deleted.



                                                        DELETE-ACTION-TARGET()
