DELETE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()                        DELETE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()



NAME
       delete-finding-aggregator -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  finding aggregator. When you delete the finding aggregator,
       you stop finding aggregation.

       When you stop finding aggregation, findings that  were  already  aggre-
       gated  to the aggregation Region are still visible from the aggregation
       Region. New findings and finding updates are not aggregated.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-finding-aggregator
          --finding-aggregator-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --finding-aggregator-arn (string)
          The ARN of the finding aggregator to delete. To obtain the ARN,  use
          ListFindingAggregators .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To stop finding aggregation

       The  following delete-finding-aggregator example stops finding aggrega-
       tion. It is run from US East (Virginia), which is the  aggregation  Re-
       gion.

          aws securityhub delete-finding-aggregator \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --finding-aggregator-arn arn:aws:securityhub:us-east-1:222222222222:finding-aggregator/123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426652340000

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Stopping finding aggregation in the AWS Secu-
       rity Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()
