DELETE-INVITATIONS()                                      DELETE-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       delete-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  invitations received by the Amazon Web Services account to be-
       come a member account.

       This operation is only used by accounts that are not part of an organi-
       zation. Organization accounts do not receive invitations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-invitations
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The list of the account IDs that sent the invitations to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an invitation to be a member account

       The  following delete-invitations example deletes an invitation to be a
       member account for the specified administrator account. The member  ac-
       count is the requesting account.

          aws securityhub delete-invitations \
              --account-ids "123456789012"

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The list of Amazon Web Services accounts for which  the  invitations
          were not deleted. For each account, the list includes the account ID
          and the email address.

          (structure)
              Details about the account that was not processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 An Amazon Web Services account ID of the account that was not
                 processed.

              ProcessingResult -> (string)
                 The reason that the account was not processed.



                                                          DELETE-INVITATIONS()
