DELETE-MEMBERS()                                              DELETE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       delete-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified member accounts from Security Hub.

       Can be used to delete member accounts that belong to an organization as
       well as member accounts that were invited manually.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-members
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The list of account IDs for the member accounts to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete member accounts

       The following delete-members example deletes the specified  member  ac-
       counts from the requesting administrator account.

          aws securityhub delete-members \
              --account-ids "123456789111" "123456789222"

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The list of Amazon Web Services accounts that were not deleted.  For
          each  account,  the  list  includes the account ID and the email ad-
          dress.

          (structure)
              Details about the account that was not processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 An Amazon Web Services account ID of the account that was not
                 processed.

              ProcessingResult -> (string)
                 The reason that the account was not processed.



                                                              DELETE-MEMBERS()
