DESCRIBE-STANDARDS()                                      DESCRIBE-STANDARDS()



NAME
       describe-standards -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the available standards in Security Hub.

       For  each standard, the results include the standard ARN, the name, and
       a description.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-standards is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Standards

SYNOPSIS
            describe-standards
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To return a list of available standards

       The following describe-standards example returns the list of  available
       standards.

          aws securityhub describe-standards

       Output:

          {
              "Standards": [
                  {
                      "StandardsArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::standards/aws-foundational-security-best-practices/v/1.0.0",
                      "Name": "AWS Foundational Security Best Practices v1.0.0",
                      "Description": "The AWS Foundational Security Best Practices standard is a set of automated security checks that detect when AWS accounts and deployed resources do not align to security best practices. The standard is defined by AWS security experts. This curated set of controls helps improve your security posture in AWS, and cover AWS's most popular and foundational services.",
                      "EnabledByDefault": true
                  },
                  {
                      "StandardsArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:::ruleset/cis-aws-foundations-benchmark/v/1.2.0",
                      "Name": "CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark v1.2.0",
                      "Description": "The Center for Internet Security (CIS) AWS Foundations Benchmark v1.2.0 is a set of security configuration best practices for AWS. This Security Hub standard automatically checks for your compliance readiness against a subset of CIS requirements.",
                      "EnabledByDefault": true
                  },
                  {
                      "StandardsArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1::standards/pci-dss/v/3.2.1",
                      "Name": "PCI DSS v3.2.1",
                      "Description": "The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) v3.2.1 is an information security standard for entities that store, process, and/or transmit cardholder data. This Security Hub standard automatically checks for your compliance readiness against a subset of PCI DSS requirements.",
                      "EnabledByDefault": false
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Security standards in AWS Security Hub in the
       AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Standards -> (list)
          A list of available standards.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a specific standard.

              StandardsArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of a standard.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the standard.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the standard.

              EnabledByDefault -> (boolean)
                 Whether the standard is enabled by default. When Security Hub
                 is  enabled from the console, if a standard is enabled by de-
                 fault, the check box for that standard  is  selected  by  de-
                 fault.

                 When  Security Hub is enabled using the EnableSecurityHub API
                 operation, the standard is  enabled  by  default  unless  En-
                 ableDefaultStandards is set to false .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to request the next page of results.



                                                          DESCRIBE-STANDARDS()
