DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()    DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-organization-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the Organizations configuration for Security
       Hub. Can only be called from a Security Hub administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-organization-configuration
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view information about an integration with AWS Organizations

       The following describe-organization-configuration example  returns  in-
       formation about the integration with Organizations.

          aws securityhub describe-organization-configuration

       Output:

          {
              "autoEnable": true,
              "memberAccountLimitReached": false
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Managing accounts in the AWS Security Hub
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       AutoEnable -> (boolean)
          Whether to automatically enable Security Hub for new accounts in the
          organization.

          If  set  to true , then Security Hub is enabled for new accounts. If
          set to false, then new accounts are not added automatically.

       MemberAccountLimitReached -> (boolean)
          Whether the maximum number of allowed member  accounts  are  already
          associated with the Security Hub administrator account.



                                         DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()
