DESCRIBE-HUB()                                                  DESCRIBE-HUB()



NAME
       describe-hub -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  details  about the Hub resource in your account, including the
       HubArn and the time when you enabled Security Hub.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-hub
          [--hub-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hub-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Hub resource to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about a hub resource

       The following describe-hub example returns the  subscription  date  for
       the specified hub resource. The hub resource is identified by its ARN.

          aws securityhub describe-hub \
              --hub-arn "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:hub/default"

       Output:

          {
              "HubArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:hub/default",
              "SubscribedAt": "2019-11-19T23:15:10.046Z"
          }

       For  more information, see AWS::SecurityHub::Hub in the AWS CloudForma-
       tion User Guide.

OUTPUT
       HubArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the Hub resource that was retrieved.

       SubscribedAt -> (string)
          The date and time when Security Hub was enabled in the account.

       AutoEnableControls -> (boolean)
          Whether to automatically enable new controls when they are added  to
          standards that are enabled.

          If set to true , then new controls for enabled standards are enabled
          automatically. If set to false , then new controls are not enabled.



                                                                DESCRIBE-HUB()
