DESCRIBE-ACTION-TARGETS()                            DESCRIBE-ACTION-TARGETS()



NAME
       describe-action-targets -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the custom action targets in Security Hub in your ac-
       count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-action-targets is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: ActionTargets

SYNOPSIS
            describe-action-targets
          [--action-target-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --action-target-arns (list)
          A list of custom action target ARNs for the custom action targets to
          retrieve.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve details about custom actions

       The  following  describe-action-targets  example  retrieves information
       about the custom action identified by the specified ARN.

          aws securityhub describe-action-targets \
              --action-target-arns "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:action/custom/Remediation"

       Output:

          {
              "ActionTargets": [
                  {
                      "ActionTargetArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-west-1:123456789012:action/custom/Remediation",
                      "Description": "Action to send the finding for remediation tracking",
                      "Name": "Send to remediation"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Creating a custom action and  associating  it
       with a CloudWatch Events rule in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ActionTargets -> (list)
          A  list of ActionTarget objects. Each object includes the ActionTar-
          getArn , Description , and Name of a custom action target  available
          in Security Hub.

          (structure)
              An ActionTarget object.

              ActionTargetArn -> (string)
                 The ARN for the target action.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the action target.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the target action.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to request the next page of results.



                                                     DESCRIBE-ACTION-TARGETS()
