DISABLE-SECURITY-HUB()                                  DISABLE-SECURITY-HUB()



NAME
       disable-security-hub -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  Security  Hub  in your account only in the current Region. To
       disable Security Hub in all Regions, you must submit  one  request  per
       Region where you have enabled Security Hub.

       When  you disable Security Hub for an administrator account, it doesn't
       disable Security Hub for any associated member accounts.

       When you disable Security Hub, your existing findings and insights  and
       any  Security  Hub configuration settings are deleted after 90 days and
       cannot be recovered. Any standards that were enabled are disabled,  and
       your administrator and member account associations are removed.

       If you want to save your existing findings, you must export them before
       you disable Security Hub.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-security-hub
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable AWS Security Hub

       The following disable-security-hub example disables  AWS  Security  Hub
       for the requesting account.

          aws securityhub disable-security-hub

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Disabling AWS Security Hub in the AWS Secu-
       rity Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISABLE-SECURITY-HUB()
