DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERS()                                  DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       disassociate-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the specified member accounts from the associated admin-
       istrator account.

       Can be used to disassociate both accounts that are managed using  Orga-
       nizations and accounts that were invited manually.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-members
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The  account IDs of the member accounts to disassociate from the ad-
          ministrator account.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate member accounts

       The following disassociate-members example disassociates the  specified
       member accounts from the requesting administrator account.

          aws securityhub disassociate-members  \
              --account-ids "123456789111" "123456789222"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERS()
