DISASSOCIATE-FROM-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUDISASSOCIATE-FROM-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disassociate-from-administrator-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the current Security Hub member account from the associ-
       ated administrator account.

       This operation is only used by accounts that are not part of an organi-
       zation.  For  organization accounts, only the administrator account can
       disassociate a member account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-from-administrator-account
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate from an administrator account

       The following disassociate-from-administrator-account example  disasso-
       ciates the requesting account from its current administrator account.

          aws securityhub disassociate-from-administrator-account

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                     DISASSOCIATE-FROM-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()
