DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()      DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disable-organization-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  a  Security  Hub administrator account. Can only be called by
       the organization management account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-organization-admin-account
          --admin-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --admin-account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account identifier of the Security  Hub  ad-
          ministrator account.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a Security Hub administrator account

       The following disable-organization-admin-account  example  revokes  the
       specified  account's assignment as a Security Hub administrator account
       for AWS Organizations.

          aws securityhub disable-organization-admin-account \
              --admin-account-id 777788889999

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Designating a Security Hub administrator  ac-
       count in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
