ENABLE-SECURITY-HUB()                                    ENABLE-SECURITY-HUB()



NAME
       enable-security-hub -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  Security Hub for your account in the current Region or the Re-
       gion you specify in the request.

       When you enable Security Hub, you grant to Security Hub the permissions
       necessary  to  gather  findings from other services that are integrated
       with Security Hub.

       When you use the EnableSecurityHub operation to  enable  Security  Hub,
       you also automatically enable the following standards.

       o CIS Amazon Web Services Foundations

       o Amazon Web Services Foundational Security Best Practices

       You do not enable the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI
       DSS) standard.

       To not enable the automatically enabled standards,  set  EnableDefault-
       Standards to false .

       After  you  enable Security Hub, to enable a standard, use the BatchEn-
       ableStandards operation. To disable a standard, use  the  BatchDisable-
       Standards operation.

       To learn more, see the setup information in the Security Hub User Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-security-hub
          [--tags <value>]
          [--enable-default-standards | --no-enable-default-standards]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tags (map)
          The tags to add to the hub resource when you enable Security Hub.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --enable-default-standards | --no-enable-default-standards (boolean)
          Whether to enable the security standards that Security Hub has  des-
          ignated  as automatically enabled. If you do not provide a value for
          EnableDefaultStandards , it is set to true . To not enable the auto-
          matically enabled standards, set EnableDefaultStandards to false .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable AWS Security Hub

       The  following enable-security-hub example enables AWS Security Hub for
       the requesting account. It configures Security Hub to  enable  the  de-
       fault standards. For the hub resource, it assigns the value Security to
       the tag Department.

          aws securityhub enable-security-hub \
              --enable-default-standards \
              --tags '{"Department": "Security"}'

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Enabling Security Hub in the AWS Security Hub
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         ENABLE-SECURITY-HUB()
