ENABLE-IMPORT-FINDINGS-FOR-PRODUCT()      ENABLE-IMPORT-FINDINGS-FOR-PRODUCT()



NAME
       enable-import-findings-for-product -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  integration of a partner product with Security Hub. Inte-
       grated products send findings to Security Hub.

       When you enable a product integration, a permissions policy that grants
       permission for the product to send findings to Security Hub is applied.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-import-findings-for-product
          --product-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --product-arn (string)
          The ARN of the product to enable the integration for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To start receiving findings from a product integration

       The  following  enable-import-findings-for-product  example enables the
       flow of findings from the specified product integration.

          aws securityhub enable-import-findings-for-product \
              --product-arn "arn:aws:securityhub:us-east-1:123456789333:product/crowdstrike/crowdstrike-falcon"

       Output:

          {
              "ProductSubscriptionArn": "arn:aws:securityhub:us-east-1:123456789012:product-subscription/crowdstrike/crowdstrike-falcon"
          }

       For more information, see Managing product integrations in the AWS  Se-
       curity Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ProductSubscriptionArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  of your subscription to the product to enable integrations
          for.



                                          ENABLE-IMPORT-FINDINGS-FOR-PRODUCT()
