GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()                        GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-administrator-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides the details for the Security Hub administrator account for the
       current member account.

       Can be used by both member accounts that are  managed  using  Organiza-
       tions and accounts that were invited manually.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-administrator-account
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve information about an administrator account

       The following get-administrator-account example  retrieves  information
       about the administrator account for the requesting account.

          aws securityhub get-administrator-account

       Output:

          {
             "Master": {
                "AccountId": "123456789012",
                "InvitationId": "7ab938c5d52d7904ad09f9e7c20cc4eb",
                "InvitedAt": 2020-06-01T20:21:18.042000+00:00,
                "MemberStatus": "ASSOCIATED"
             }
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Administrator -> (structure)
          Details about an invitation.

          AccountId -> (string)
              The account ID of the Security Hub  administrator  account  that
              the invitation was sent from.

          InvitationId -> (string)
              The ID of the invitation sent to the member account.

          InvitedAt -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of when the invitation was sent.

          MemberStatus -> (string)
              The current status of the association between the member and ad-
              ministrator accounts.



                                                   GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()
