GET-INVITATIONS-COUNT()                                GET-INVITATIONS-COUNT()



NAME
       get-invitations-count -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the count of all Security Hub membership invitations that were
       sent to the current member account, not  including  the  currently  ac-
       cepted invitation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-invitations-count
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the number of invitations that were not accepted

       The following get-invitations-count example retrieves the number of in-
       vitations that the requesting account declined or did not respond to.

          aws securityhub get-invitations-count

       Output:

          {
            "InvitationsCount": 3
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       InvitationsCount -> (integer)
          The  number  of all membership invitations sent to this Security Hub
          member account, not including the currently accepted invitation.



                                                       GET-INVITATIONS-COUNT()
