INVITE-MEMBERS()                                              INVITE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       invite-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Invites  other  Amazon  Web Services accounts to become member accounts
       for the Security Hub administrator account that the invitation is  sent
       from.

       This operation is only used to invite accounts that do not belong to an
       organization. Organization accounts do not receive invitations.

       Before you can use this action to invite a member, you must  first  use
       the CreateMembers action to create the member account in Security Hub.

       When  the account owner enables Security Hub and accepts the invitation
       to become a member account, the  administrator  account  can  view  the
       findings generated from the member account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            invite-members
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The  list  of account IDs of the Amazon Web Services accounts to in-
          vite to Security Hub as members.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To send invitations to member accounts

       The following invite-members example sends invitations to the specified
       member accounts.

          aws securityhub invite-members \
              --account-ids "123456789111" "123456789222"

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The list of Amazon Web Services accounts  that  could  not  be  pro-
          cessed.  For  each account, the list includes the account ID and the
          email address.

          (structure)
              Details about the account that was not processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 An Amazon Web Services account ID of the account that was not
                 processed.

              ProcessingResult -> (string)
                 The reason that the account was not processed.



                                                              INVITE-MEMBERS()
