LIST-INVITATIONS()                                          LIST-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       list-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  Security  Hub  membership invitations that were sent to the
       current Amazon Web Services account.

       This operation is only used by accounts that are managed by invitation.
       Accounts  that  are managed using the integration with Organizations do
       not receive invitations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-invitations is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Invitations

SYNOPSIS
            list-invitations
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To display a list of invitations

       The  following  list-invitations  example retrieves the list of invita-
       tions sent to the requesting account.

          aws securityhub list-invitations

       Output:

          {
              "Invitations": [
                  {
                      "AccountId": "123456789012",
                      "InvitationId": "7ab938c5d52d7904ad09f9e7c20cc4eb",
                      "InvitedAt": 2020-06-01T20:21:18.042000+00:00,
                      "MemberStatus": "ASSOCIATED"
                  }
              ],
          }

       For more information, see Managing administrator and member accounts in
       the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Invitations -> (list)
          The details of the invitations returned by the operation.

          (structure)
              Details about an invitation.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The account ID of the Security Hub administrator account that
                 the invitation was sent from.

              InvitationId -> (string)
                 The ID of the invitation sent to the member account.

              InvitedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp of when the invitation was sent.

              MemberStatus -> (string)
                 The current status of the association between the member  and
                 administrator accounts.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to request the next page of results.



                                                            LIST-INVITATIONS()
