LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()          LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()



NAME
       list-organization-admin-accounts -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  Security  Hub administrator accounts. Can only be called by
       the organization management account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-organization-admin-accounts is a paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: AdminAccounts

SYNOPSIS
            list-organization-admin-accounts
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the designated Security Hub administrator accounts

       The following list-organization-admin-accounts example lists the  Secu-
       rity Hub administrator accounts for an organization.

          aws securityhub list-organization-admin-accounts

       Output:

          {
              AdminAccounts": [
                  { "AccountId": "777788889999" },
                  { "Status": "ENABLED" }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see Designating a Security Hub administrator ac-
       count in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       AdminAccounts -> (list)
          The list of Security Hub administrator accounts.

          (structure)
              Represents a Security Hub administrator account designated by an
              organization management account.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Web  Services account identifier of the Security
                 Hub administrator account.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current status of the Security Hub administrator account.
                 Indicates whether the account is currently enabled as a Secu-
                 rity Hub administrator.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to request the next page of results.



                                            LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()
