UPDATE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()        UPDATE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       update-organization-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  to update the configuration related to Organizations. Can only be
       called from a Security Hub administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-organization-configuration
          --auto-enable | --no-auto-enable
          [--auto-enable-standards <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-enable | --no-auto-enable (boolean)
          Whether to automatically enable Security Hub for new accounts in the
          organization.

          By default, this is false , and new accounts are not added automati-
          cally.

          To automatically enable Security Hub for new accounts, set  this  to
          true .

       --auto-enable-standards (string)
          Whether  to  automatically enable Security Hub default standards for
          new member accounts in the organization.

          By default, this parameter is equal to DEFAULT , and new member  ac-
          counts  are  automatically  enabled  with default Security Hub stan-
          dards.

          To opt out of enabling default standards for  new  member  accounts,
          set this parameter equal to NONE .

          Possible values:

          o NONE

          o DEFAULT

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To  configure Security Hub to automatically enable new organization ac-
       counts

       The following update-organization-configuration example configures  Se-
       curity Hub to automatically enable new accounts in an organization.

          aws securityhub update-organization-configuration \
              --auto-enable

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Automatically enabling new organization ac-
       counts in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           UPDATE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()
