UPDATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()                        UPDATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()



NAME
       update-finding-aggregator -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  finding aggregation configuration. Used to update the Re-
       gion linking mode and the list of included  or  excluded  Regions.  You
       cannot use UpdateFindingAggregator to change the aggregation Region.

       You  must  run UpdateFindingAggregator from the current aggregation Re-
       gion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-finding-aggregator
          --finding-aggregator-arn <value>
          --region-linking-mode <value>
          [--regions <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --finding-aggregator-arn (string)
          The ARN of the finding aggregator. To obtain the ARN, use  ListFind-
          ingAggregators .

       --region-linking-mode (string)
          Indicates  whether  to  aggregate findings from all of the available
          Regions in the current partition. Also determines whether  to  auto-
          matically  aggregate  findings from new Regions as Security Hub sup-
          ports them and you opt into them.

          The selected option also determines how to use the Regions  provided
          in the Regions list.

          The options are as follows:

          o ALL_REGIONS  - Indicates to aggregate findings from all of the Re-
            gions where Security Hub is enabled. When you choose this  option,
            Security  Hub  also automatically aggregates findings from new Re-
            gions as Security Hub supports them and you opt into them.

          o ALL_REGIONS_EXCEPT_SPECIFIED -  Indicates  to  aggregate  findings
            from  all of the Regions where Security Hub is enabled, except for
            the Regions listed in the Regions parameter. When you choose  this
            option,  Security  Hub also automatically aggregates findings from
            new Regions as Security Hub supports them and you opt into them.

          o SPECIFIED_REGIONS - Indicates to aggregate findings only from  the
            Regions listed in the Regions parameter. Security Hub does not au-
            tomatically aggregate findings from new Regions.

       --regions (list)
          If RegionLinkingMode is ALL_REGIONS_EXCEPT_SPECIFIED , then this  is
          a  comma-separated list of Regions that do not aggregate findings to
          the aggregation Region.

          If  RegionLinkingMode  is  SPECIFIED_REGIONS  ,  then  this   is   a
          comma-separated  list  of  Regions that do aggregate findings to the
          aggregation Region.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the current finding aggregation configuration

       The following update-finding-aggregator example changes the finding ag-
       gregation  configuration  to link from selected Regions. It is run from
       US East (Virginia), which is the aggregation Region. It selects US West
       (N. California) and US West (Oregon) as the linked Regions.

          aws securityhub update-finding-aggregator \
              --region us-east-1 \
              --finding-aggregator-arn arn:aws:securityhub:us-east-1:222222222222:finding-aggregator/123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426652340000 \
              --region-linking-mode SPECIFIED_REGIONS \
              --regions us-west-1,us-west-2

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Updating the finding aggregation configura-
       tion in the AWS Security Hub User Guide.

OUTPUT
       FindingAggregatorArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the finding aggregator.

       FindingAggregationRegion -> (string)
          The aggregation Region.

       RegionLinkingMode -> (string)
          Indicates whether to link all Regions, all Regions except for a list
          of excluded Regions, or a list of included Regions.

       Regions -> (list)
          The list of excluded Regions or included Regions.

          (string)



                                                   UPDATE-FINDING-AGGREGATOR()
