LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns all tags for a specified Amazon QLDB resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for which to list the tags. For exam-
          ple:
              arn:aws:qldb:us-east-1:123456789012:ledger/exampleLedger

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags attached to a ledger

       The following list-tags-for-resource example  lists all  tags  attached
       to the specified ledger.

          aws qldb list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:qldb:us-west-2:123456789012:ledger/myExampleLedger

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "IsTest": "true",
                  "Domain": "Test"
              }
          }

       For  more  information, see Tagging Amazon QLDB Resources in the Amazon
       QLDB Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          The tags that are currently associated  with  the  specified  Amazon
          QLDB resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
