DESCRIBE-PACKAGE()                                          DESCRIBE-PACKAGE()



NAME
       describe-package -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a PackageDescription object that contains information about the
       requested package.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-package
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --format <value>
          [--namespace <value>]
          --package <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the  repository  that  contains
          the package.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The  12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account that
          owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The name of the repository that contains the requested package.

       --format (string)
          A format that specifies the type of the requested package.

          Possible values:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

          o nuget

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace of the requested package. The package  component  that
          specifies its namespace depends on its type. For example:

          o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId . The namespace is
            required when requesting Maven packages.

          o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

          o Python and NuGet packages do not contain  a  corresponding  compo-
            nent, packages of those formats do not have a namespace.

       --package (string)
          The name of the requested package.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       package -> (structure)
          A PackageDescription object that contains information about the  re-
          quested package.

          format -> (string)
              A format that specifies the type of the package.

          namespace -> (string)
              The  namespace of the package. The package component that speci-
              fies its namespace depends on its type. For example:

              o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

              o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

              o Python and NuGet packages do not contain a corresponding  com-
                ponent, packages of those formats do not have a namespace.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the package.

          originConfiguration -> (structure)
              The package origin configuration for the package.

              restrictions -> (structure)
                 A  PackageOriginRestrictions object that contains information
                 about the upstream and publish package  origin  configuration
                 for the package.

                 publish -> (string)
                     The  package  origin configuration that determines if new
                     versions of the package can be published directly to  the
                     repository.

                 upstream -> (string)
                     The  package  origin configuration that determines if new
                     versions of the package can be added  to  the  repository
                     from an external connection or upstream source.



                                                            DESCRIBE-PACKAGE()
