DESCRIBE-REPOSITORY()                                    DESCRIBE-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       describe-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a RepositoryDescription object that contains detailed informa-
       tion about the requested repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-repository
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the repository to describe.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account  that
          owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          A string that specifies the name of the requested repository.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get information about a repository

       The  following describe-repository example returns a RepositoryDescrip-
       tion object for a repository named test-repo.

          aws codeartifact describe-repository \
              --domain test-domain \
              --repository test-repo

       Output:

          {
              "repository": {
                  "name": "test-repo",
                  "administratorAccount": "111122223333",
                  "domainName": "test-domain",
                  "domainOwner": "111122223333",
                  "arn": "arn:aws:codeartifact:us-west-2:111122223333:repository/test-domain/test-repo",
                  "description": "This is a test repository.",
                  "upstreams": [],
                  "externalConnections": []
              }
          }

       For more information, see Create a domain in the AWS CodeArtifact  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       repository -> (structure)
          A  RepositoryDescription  object that contains the requested reposi-
          tory information.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the repository.

          administratorAccount -> (string)
              The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web  Services  account
              that manages the repository.

          domainName -> (string)
              The name of the domain that contains the repository.

          domainOwner -> (string)
              The  12-digit  account number of the Amazon Web Services account
              that owns the domain that contains the repository. It  does  not
              include dashes or spaces.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the repository.

          description -> (string)
              A text description of the repository.

          upstreams -> (list)
              A  list  of  upstream repositories to associate with the reposi-
              tory. The order of the upstream repositories in the list  deter-
              mines  their  priority  order  when CodeArtifact looks for a re-
              quested package version. For more information, see Working  with
              upstream repositories .

              (structure)
                 Information about an upstream repository.

                 repositoryName -> (string)
                     The name of an upstream repository.

          externalConnections -> (list)
              An array of external connections associated with the repository.

              (structure)
                 Contains  information  about  the  external  connection  of a
                 repository.

                 externalConnectionName -> (string)
                     The name of the external  connection  associated  with  a
                     repository.

                 packageFormat -> (string)
                     The  package format associated with a repository's exter-
                     nal connection. The valid package formats are:

                     o npm : A Node Package Manager (npm) package.

                     o pypi : A Python Package Index (PyPI) package.

                     o maven : A Maven package that contains compiled code  in
                       a distributable format, such as a JAR file.

                     o nuget : A NuGet package.

                 status -> (string)
                     The  status  of  the external connection of a repository.
                     There is one valid value, Available .



                                                         DESCRIBE-REPOSITORY()
