DESCRIBE-PACKAGE-VERSION()                          DESCRIBE-PACKAGE-VERSION()



NAME
       describe-package-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  PackageVersionDescription  object that contains information
       about the requested package version.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-package-version
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --format <value>
          [--namespace <value>]
          --package <value>
          --package-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the  repository  that  contains
          the package version.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The 12-digit account number of the AWS account that owns the domain.
          It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The name of the repository that contains the package version.

       --format (string)
          A format that specifies the type of the requested  package  version.
          The valid values are:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

          Possible values:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

          o nuget

       --namespace (string)
          The  namespace  of the package. The package component that specifies
          its namespace depends on its type. For example:

          o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

          o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

          o A Python package does not contain a  corresponding  component,  so
            Python packages do not have a namespace.

       --package (string)
          The name of the requested package version.

       --package-version (string)
          A string that contains the package version (for example, 3.5.2 ).

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       packageVersion -> (structure)
          A  PackageVersionDescription  object that contains information about
          the requested package version.

          format -> (string)
              The format of the package version.  The  valid  package  formats
              are:

              o npm : A Node Package Manager (npm) package.

              o pypi : A Python Package Index (PyPI) package.

              o maven  : A Maven package that contains compiled code in a dis-
                tributable format, such as a JAR file.

          namespace -> (string)
              The namespace of the package. The package component that  speci-
              fies its namespace depends on its type. For example:

              o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

              o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

              o A  Python  package does not contain a corresponding component,
                so Python packages do not have a namespace.

          packageName -> (string)
              The name of the requested package.

          displayName -> (string)
              The name of the  package  that  is  displayed.  The  displayName
              varies  depending  on the package version's format. For example,
              if an npm package is named ui , is in the namespace  vue  ,  and
              has the format npm , then the displayName is @vue/ui .

          version -> (string)
              The version of the package.

          summary -> (string)
              A  summary of the package version. The summary is extracted from
              the package. The information in and detail level of the  summary
              depends on the package version's format.

          homePage -> (string)
              The homepage associated with the package.

          sourceCodeRepository -> (string)
              The  repository  for  the source code in the package version, or
              the source code used to build it.

          publishedTime -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp that contains the date and time the package  version
              was published.

          licenses -> (list)
              Information about licenses associated with the package version.

              (structure)
                 Details of the license data.

                 name -> (string)
                     Name of the license.

                 url -> (string)
                     The URL for license data.

          revision -> (string)
              The revision of the package version.

          status -> (string)
              A string that contains the status of the package version. It can
              be one of the following:

              o Published

              o Unfinished

              o Unlisted

              o Archived

              o Disposed



                                                    DESCRIBE-PACKAGE-VERSION()
