DISASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()          DISASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()



NAME
       disassociate-external-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes an existing external connection from a repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-external-connection
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --external-connection <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The  name  of  the domain that contains the repository from which to
          remove the external repository.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account  that
          owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The  name  of the repository from which the external connection will
          be removed.

       --external-connection (string)
          The name of the external connection to be removed from  the  reposi-
          tory.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove an external connection from a repository

       The following disassociate-external-connection example removes  an  ex-
       ternal connection to npmjs.com from a repository named test-repo.

          aws codeartifact disassociate-external-connection \
              --repository test-repo \
              --domain test-domain \
              --external-connection public:npmjs

       Output:

          {
              "repository": {
                  "name": "test-repo",
                  "administratorAccount": "111122223333",
                  "domainName": "test-domain",
                  "domainOwner": "111122223333",
                  "arn": "arn:aws:codeartifact:us-west-2:111122223333:repository/test-domain/test-repo",
                  "upstreams": [],
                  "externalConnections": []
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Remove  an external connection in the AWS
       CodeArtifact User Guide.

OUTPUT
       repository -> (structure)
          The repository associated with the removed external connection.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the repository.

          administratorAccount -> (string)
              The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web  Services  account
              that manages the repository.

          domainName -> (string)
              The name of the domain that contains the repository.

          domainOwner -> (string)
              The  12-digit  account number of the Amazon Web Services account
              that owns the domain that contains the repository. It  does  not
              include dashes or spaces.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the repository.

          description -> (string)
              A text description of the repository.

          upstreams -> (list)
              A  list  of  upstream repositories to associate with the reposi-
              tory. The order of the upstream repositories in the list  deter-
              mines  their  priority  order  when CodeArtifact looks for a re-
              quested package version. For more information, see Working  with
              upstream repositories .

              (structure)
                 Information about an upstream repository.

                 repositoryName -> (string)
                     The name of an upstream repository.

          externalConnections -> (list)
              An array of external connections associated with the repository.

              (structure)
                 Contains  information  about  the  external  connection  of a
                 repository.

                 externalConnectionName -> (string)
                     The name of the external  connection  associated  with  a
                     repository.

                 packageFormat -> (string)
                     The  package format associated with a repository's exter-
                     nal connection. The valid package formats are:

                     o npm : A Node Package Manager (npm) package.

                     o pypi : A Python Package Index (PyPI) package.

                     o maven : A Maven package that contains compiled code  in
                       a distributable format, such as a JAR file.

                     o nuget : A NuGet package.

                 status -> (string)
                     The  status  of  the external connection of a repository.
                     There is one valid value, Available .



                                            DISASSOCIATE-EXTERNAL-CONNECTION()
