LIST-PACKAGE-VERSION-DEPENDENCIES()        LIST-PACKAGE-VERSION-DEPENDENCIES()



NAME
       list-package-version-dependencies -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the direct dependencies for a package version. The dependencies
       are returned as PackageDependency objects.  CodeArtifact  extracts  the
       dependencies for a package version from the metadata file for the pack-
       age format (for example, the package.json file for npm packages and the
       pom.xml  file for Maven). Any package version dependencies that are not
       listed in the configuration file are not returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-package-version-dependencies
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --format <value>
          [--namespace <value>]
          --package <value>
          --package-version <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the  repository  that  contains
          the requested package version dependencies.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The 12-digit account number of the AWS account that owns the domain.
          It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The name of the repository that contains the requested package  ver-
          sion.

       --format (string)
          The format of the package with the requested dependencies. The valid
          package types are:

          o npm : A Node Package Manager (npm) package.

          o pypi : A Python Package Index (PyPI) package.

          o maven : A Maven package that contains compiled code in a  distrib-
            utable format, such as a JAR file.

          Possible values:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

          o nuget

       --namespace (string)
          The  namespace  of the package. The package component that specifies
          its namespace depends on its type. For example:

          o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

          o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

          o A Python package does not contain a  corresponding  component,  so
            Python packages do not have a namespace.

       --package (string)
          The name of the package versions' package.

       --package-version (string)
          A string that contains the package version (for example, 3.5.2 ).

       --next-token (string)
          The token for the next set of results. Use the value returned in the
          previous response in the next request to retrieve the  next  set  of
          results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view a package version's dependencies

       The following list-package-version-dependencies example  retrieves  the
       dependencies for version 4.0.0 of an npm package named test-package.

          aws codeartifact list-package-version-dependencies \
              --domain test-domain \
              --repo test-repo \
              --format npm \
              --package test-package \
              --package-version 4.0.0

       Output:

          {
              "format": "npm",
              "package": "test-package",
              "version": "4.0.0",
              "versionRevision": "Ciqe5/9yicvkJT13b5/LdLpCyE6fqA7poa9qp+FilPs=",
              "dependencies": [
                  {
                      "namespace": "testns",
                      "package": "testdep1",
                      "dependencyType": "regular",
                      "versionRequirement": "1.8.5"
                  },
                  {
                      "namespace": "testns",
                      "package": "testdep2",
                      "dependencyType": "regular",
                      "versionRequirement": "1.8.5"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see View and update package version details and
       dependencies in the AWS CodeArtifact User Guide.

OUTPUT
       format -> (string)
          A format that specifies the type of the package  that  contains  the
          returned dependencies. The valid values are:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

       namespace -> (string)
          The  namespace  of the package. The package component that specifies
          its namespace depends on its type. For example:

          o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

          o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

          o A Python package does not contain a  corresponding  component,  so
            Python packages do not have a namespace.

       package -> (string)
          The  name of the package that contains the returned package versions
          dependencies.

       version -> (string)
          The version of the package that is specified in the request.

       versionRevision -> (string)
          The current revision associated with the package version.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results. Use the value returned in the
          previous  response  in  the next request to retrieve the next set of
          results.

       dependencies -> (list)
          The returned list of PackageDependency objects.

          (structure)
              Details about a package dependency.

              namespace -> (string)
                 The namespace of the  package.  The  package  component  that
                 specifies its namespace depends on its type. For example:

                 o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

                 o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

                 o A  Python  package  does not contain a corresponding compo-
                   nent, so Python packages do not have a namespace.

              package -> (string)
                 The name of the package that this package depends on.

              dependencyType -> (string)
                 The type of a package dependency. The possible values  depend
                 on  the  package  type. Example types are compile , runtime ,
                 and test for Maven packages, and dev , prod  ,  and  optional
                 for npm packages.

              versionRequirement -> (string)
                 The  required  version, or version range, of the package that
                 this package depends on. The version format  is  specific  to
                 the  package  type.  For  example, the following are possible
                 valid required versions: 1.2.3 , ^2.3.4 , or 4.x .



                                           LIST-PACKAGE-VERSION-DEPENDENCIES()
