LIST-DOMAINS()                                                  LIST-DOMAINS()



NAME
       list-domains -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of DomainSummary objects for all domains owned by the
       Amazon Web Services account that makes this call. Each returned Domain-
       Summary object contains information about a domain.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-domains is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: domains

SYNOPSIS
            list-domains
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list domains

       The following list-domains example returns a  summary  of  all  domains
       owned by the AWS account that makes the call.

          aws codeartifact list-domains

       Output:

          {
              "domains": [
                  {
                      "name": "my-domain",
                      "owner": "111122223333",
                      "status": "Active",
                      "encryptionKey": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111"
                  },
                  {
                      "name": "test-domain",
                      "owner": "111122223333",
                      "status": "Active",
                      "encryptionKey": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Working with domains in CodeArtifact in the
       AWS CodeArtifact User Guide.

OUTPUT
       domains -> (list)
          The returned list of DomainSummary objects.

          (structure)
              Information about a domain, including its name, Amazon  Resource
              Name (ARN), and status. The ListDomains operation returns a list
              of DomainSummary objects.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the domain.

              owner -> (string)
                 The 12-digit account number of the Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
                 count  that  owns  the  domain. It does not include dashes or
                 spaces.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the domain.

              status -> (string)
                 A string that contains the status of the domain.

              createdTime -> (timestamp)
                 A timestamp that contains the date and time  the  domain  was
                 created.

              encryptionKey -> (string)
                 The key used to encrypt the domain.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results. Use the value returned in the
          previous response in the next request to retrieve the  next  set  of
          results.



                                                                LIST-DOMAINS()
