PUT-PACKAGE-ORIGIN-CONFIGURATION()          PUT-PACKAGE-ORIGIN-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-package-origin-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the package origin configuration for a package.

       The package origin configuration determines how new versions of a pack-
       age can be added to a repository. You can allow or  block  direct  pub-
       lishing  of  new  package  versions,  or ingestion and retaining of new
       package versions from an external connection or  upstream  source.  For
       more  information  about package origin controls and configuration, see
       Editing package origin controls in the CodeArtifact User Guide .
          PutPackageOriginConfiguration  can  be  called  on  a  package  that
          doesn't  yet  exist in the repository. When called on a package that
          does not exist, a package is created in the repository with no  ver-
          sions  and  the  requested restrictions are set on the package. This
          can be used to preemptively block ingesting or  retaining  any  ver-
          sions  from  external  connections  or  upstream repositories, or to
          block publishing any versions of the package into the repository be-
          fore  connecting  any  package managers or publishers to the reposi-
          tory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-package-origin-configuration
          --domain <value>
          [--domain-owner <value>]
          --repository <value>
          --format <value>
          [--namespace <value>]
          --package <value>
          --restrictions <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the  repository  that  contains
          the package.

       --domain-owner (string)
          The  12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account that
          owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces.

       --repository (string)
          The name of the repository that contains the package.

       --format (string)
          A format that specifies the type of the package to be updated.

          Possible values:

          o npm

          o pypi

          o maven

          o nuget

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace of the package to be updated.  The  package  component
          that specifies its namespace depends on its type. For example:

          o The namespace of a Maven package is its groupId .

          o The namespace of an npm package is its scope .

          o Python  and  NuGet  packages do not contain a corresponding compo-
            nent, packages of those formats do not have a namespace.

       --package (string)
          The name of the package to be updated.

       --restrictions (structure)
          A PackageOriginRestrictions object that contains  information  about
          the  upstream  and publish package origin restrictions. The upstream
          restriction determines if new package versions can  be  ingested  or
          retained  from  external  connections  or upstream repositories. The
          publish restriction determines if new package versions can  be  pub-
          lished directly to the repository.

          You must include both the desired upstream and publish restrictions.

          publish -> (string)
              The package origin configuration that determines if new versions
              of the package can be published directly to the repository.

          upstream -> (string)
              The package origin configuration that determines if new versions
              of  the  package can be added to the repository from an external
              connection or upstream source.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          publish=string,upstream=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "publish": "ALLOW"|"BLOCK",
            "upstream": "ALLOW"|"BLOCK"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       originConfiguration -> (structure)
          A  PackageOriginConfiguration  object that describes the origin con-
          figuration    set    for    the    package.    It     contains     a
          PackageOriginRestrictions  object that describes how new versions of
          the package can be introduced to the repository.

          restrictions -> (structure)
              A PackageOriginRestrictions  object  that  contains  information
              about  the upstream and publish package origin configuration for
              the package.

              publish -> (string)
                 The package origin configuration that determines if new  ver-
                 sions of the package can be published directly to the reposi-
                 tory.

              upstream -> (string)
                 The package origin configuration that determines if new  ver-
                 sions  of  the package can be added to the repository from an
                 external connection or upstream source.



                                            PUT-PACKAGE-ORIGIN-CONFIGURATION()
