DELETE-NOTIFICATION-RULE()                          DELETE-NOTIFICATION-RULE()



NAME
       delete-notification-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a notification rule for a resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-notification-rule
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the notification rule you want to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a notification rule

       The following delete-notification-rule example  deletes  the  specified
       notification rule.

          aws codestar-notifications delete-notification-rule \
              --arn arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "Arn": "arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more information, see Delete a Notification Rule in the AWS Devel-
       oper Tools Console User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the deleted notification rule.



                                                    DELETE-NOTIFICATION-RULE()
