SUBSCRIBE()                                                        SUBSCRIBE()



NAME
       subscribe -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an association between a notification rule and an SNS topic so
       that the associated target can receive notifications  when  the  events
       described in the rule are triggered.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            subscribe
          --arn <value>
          --target <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the notification rule for which
          you want to create the association.

       --target (structure)
          Information about the SNS  topics  associated  with  a  notification
          rule.

          TargetType -> (string)
              The target type. Can be an Amazon SNS topic.

          TargetAddress -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          TargetType=string,TargetAddress=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "TargetType": "string",
            "TargetAddress": "string"
          }

       --client-request-token (string)
          An  enumeration  token that, when provided in a request, returns the
          next batch of the results.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To add a target to a notification rule

       The following subscribe example adds an Amazon SNS topic  as  a  target
       for the specified notification rule.

          aws codestar-notifications subscribe \
              --arn arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE \
              --target TargetType=SNS,TargetAddress=arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:MyNotificationTopic

       Output:

          {
              "Arn": "arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Add or Remove an Amazon SNS Topic as a Target
       for a Notification Rule in the AWS Developer Tools Console User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the notification  rule  for  which
          you have created assocations.



                                                                   SUBSCRIBE()
