UNSUBSCRIBE()                                                    UNSUBSCRIBE()



NAME
       unsubscribe -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  an  association  between a notification rule and an Amazon SNS
       topic so that subscribers to that topic  stop  receiving  notifications
       when the events described in the rule are triggered.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unsubscribe
          --arn <value>
          --target-address <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the notification rule.

       --target-address (string)
          The ARN of the SNS topic to unsubscribe from the notification rule.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a target from a notification rule

       The following unsubscribe example removes an Amazon SNS topic as a tar-
       get from the specified notification rule.

          aws codestar-notifications unsubscribe \
              --arn arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE \
              --target TargetType=SNS,TargetAddress=arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:MyNotificationTopic

       Output:

          {
              "Arn": "arn:aws:codestar-notifications:us-east-1:123456789012:notificationrule/dc82df7a-EXAMPLE"
              "TargetAddress": "arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:MyNotificationTopic"
          }

       For more information, see Add or Remove an Amazon SNS Topic as a Target
       for a Notification Rule in the AWS Developer Tools Console User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the the notification rule from
          which you have removed a subscription.



                                                                 UNSUBSCRIBE()
