DELETE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()                DELETE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()



NAME
       delete-studio-session-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a user or group from an Amazon EMR Studio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-studio-session-mapping
          --studio-id <value>
          [--identity-id <value>]
          [--identity-name <value>]
          --identity-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --studio-id (string)
          The ID of the Amazon EMR Studio.

       --identity-id (string)
          The globally unique identifier (GUID) of the user or group to remove
          from the Amazon EMR Studio. For more  information,  see  UserId  and
          GroupId  in the Amazon Web Services SSO Identity Store API Reference
          . Either IdentityName or IdentityId must be specified.

       --identity-name (string)
          The name of the user name or group to remove  from  the  Amazon  EMR
          Studio.  For  more  information, see UserName and DisplayName in the
          Amazon Web Services SSO Store API Reference . Either IdentityName or
          IdentityId must be specified.

       --identity-type (string)
          Specifies  whether the identity to delete from the Amazon EMR Studio
          is a user or a group.

          Possible values:

          o USER

          o GROUP

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()
