GET-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()                    GET-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()



NAME
       get-auto-termination-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the auto-termination policy for an Amazon EMR cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-auto-termination-policy
          --cluster-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-id (string)
          Specifies the ID of the Amazon EMR cluster for which the auto-termi-
          nation policy will be fetched.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AutoTerminationPolicy -> (structure)
          Specifies the auto-termination policy that is attached to an  Amazon
          EMR cluster.

          IdleTimeout -> (long)
              Specifies  the  amount  of  idle time in seconds after which the
              cluster automatically terminates. You can specify a  minimum  of
              60 seconds and a maximum of 604800 seconds (seven days).



                                                 GET-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()
