MODIFY-CLUSTER()                                              MODIFY-CLUSTER()



NAME
       modify-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the number of steps that can be executed concurrently for the
       cluster specified using ClusterID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-cluster
          --cluster-id <value>
          [--step-concurrency-level <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the cluster.

       --step-concurrency-level (integer)
          The number of steps that can be executed concurrently. You can spec-
          ify  a  minimum  of  1 step and a maximum of 256 steps. We recommend
          that you do not change this parameter while steps are running or the
          ActionOnFailure  setting may not behave as expected. For more infor-
          mation see  Step$ActionOnFailure .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       StepConcurrencyLevel -> (integer)
          The number of steps that can be executed concurrently.



                                                              MODIFY-CLUSTER()
