PUT-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()                    PUT-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()



NAME
       put-auto-termination-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or  updates an auto-termination policy for an Amazon EMR clus-
       ter. An auto-termination policy defines the amount of idle time in sec-
       onds  after  which  a cluster automatically terminates. For alternative
       cluster termination options, see Control cluster termination .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-auto-termination-policy
          --cluster-id <value>
          [--auto-termination-policy <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-id (string)
          Specifies the ID of the Amazon EMR cluster to which the  auto-termi-
          nation policy will be attached.

       --auto-termination-policy (structure)
          Specifies the auto-termination policy to attach to the cluster.

          IdleTimeout -> (long)
              Specifies  the  amount  of  idle time in seconds after which the
              cluster automatically terminates. You can specify a  minimum  of
              60 seconds and a maximum of 604800 seconds (seven days).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          IdleTimeout=long

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "IdleTimeout": long
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 PUT-AUTO-TERMINATION-POLICY()
