REMOVE-TAGS()                                                    REMOVE-TAGS()



NAME
       remove-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  tags  from an Amazon EMR resource, such as a cluster or Amazon
       EMR Studio. Tags make it easier to associate resources in various ways,
       such  as grouping clusters to track your Amazon EMR resource allocation
       costs. For more information, see Tag Clusters .

       The following example removes the stack tag  with  value  Prod  from  a
       cluster:

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags
          --resource-id <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The  Amazon EMR resource identifier from which tags will be removed.
          For example, a cluster identifier or an Amazon EMR Studio ID.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag keys to remove from the resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command removes a tag with the key prod  from  a  cluster
       with the cluster ID j-3SD91U2E1L2QX:

          aws emr remove-tags --resource-id j-3SD91U2E1L2QX --tag-keys prod

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 REMOVE-TAGS()
