UPDATE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()                UPDATE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()



NAME
       update-studio-session-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the session policy attached to the user or group for the speci-
       fied Amazon EMR Studio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-studio-session-mapping
          --studio-id <value>
          [--identity-id <value>]
          [--identity-name <value>]
          --identity-type <value>
          --session-policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --studio-id (string)
          The ID of the Amazon EMR Studio.

       --identity-id (string)
          The globally unique identifier (GUID) of the user or group. For more
          information,  see  UserId and GroupId in the Amazon Web Services SSO
          Identity Store API Reference .  Either  IdentityName  or  IdentityId
          must be specified.

       --identity-name (string)
          The  name  of the user or group to update. For more information, see
          UserName and DisplayName in the Amazon  Web  Services  SSO  Identity
          Store  API  Reference  .  Either  IdentityName or IdentityId must be
          specified.

       --identity-type (string)
          Specifies whether the identity to update is a user or a group.

          Possible values:

          o USER

          o GROUP

       --session-policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the session  policy  to  associate
          with the specified user or group.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UPDATE-STUDIO-SESSION-MAPPING()
