DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()                                    DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()



NAME
       db-instance-deleted -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait   until   JMESPath  query  DBInstances[].DBInstanceStatus  returns
       deleted for all elements when polling  with  describe-db-instances.  It
       will  poll  every 30 seconds until a successful state has been reached.
       This will exit with a return code of 255 after 60 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       db-instance-deleted is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: DBInstances

SYNOPSIS
            db-instance-deleted
          [--db-instance-identifier <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-instance-identifier (string)
          The  user-supplied  instance identifier. If this parameter is speci-
          fied, information from only the specific DB  instance  is  returned.
          This parameter isn't case-sensitive.

          Constraints:

          o If supplied, must match the identifier of an existing DBInstance.

       --filters (list)
          A filter that specifies one or more DB instances to describe.

          Supported filters:

          o db-cluster-id - Accepts DB cluster identifiers and DB cluster Ama-
            zon Resource Names (ARNs). The results list will only include  in-
            formation  about  the DB instances associated with the DB clusters
            identified by these ARNs.

          o engine - Accepts an engine name (such as neptune ), and  restricts
            the results list to DB instances created by that engine.

          For  example,  to  invoke this API from the Amazon CLI and filter so
          that only Neptune DB instances are returned, you could use the  fol-
          lowing command:

          (structure)
              This type is not currently supported.

              Name -> (string)
                 This parameter is not currently supported.

              Values -> (list)
                 This parameter is not currently supported.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()
