ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSION()    ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       associate-resource-share-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  replaces the RAM permission for a resource type included in a
       resource share. You can have exactly  one  permission  associated  with
       each resource type in the resource share. You can add a new RAM permis-
       sion only if there are currently no resources  of  that  resource  type
       currently in the resource share.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-resource-share-permission
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          --permission-arn <value>
          [--replace | --no-replace]
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--permission-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          Specifies  the  Amazon  Resoure  Name (ARN) of the resource share to
          which you want to add or replace permissions.

       --permission-arn (string)
          Specifies the Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the RAM permission to as-
          sociate  with  the resource share. To find the ARN for a permission,
          use either the  ListPermissions operation or go to  the  Permissions
          library page in the RAM console and then choose the name of the per-
          mission. The ARN is displayed on the detail page.

       --replace | --no-replace (boolean)
          Specifies whether the specified permission should replace or add  to
          the existing permission associated with the resource share. Use true
          to replace the current permissions. Use false to add the  permission
          to the current permission. The default value is false .

          NOTE:
              A resource share can have only one permission per resource type.
              If a resource share already has a permission for  the  specified
              resource  type and you don't set replace to true then the opera-
              tion returns an error. This helps prevent accidental overwriting
              of a permission.

       --client-token (string)
          Specifies  a  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to
          ensure the idempotency of the request. This lets  you  safely  retry
          the  request  without  accidentally  performing the same operation a
          second time. Passing the same value to a later call to an  operation
          requires that you also pass the same value for all other parameters.
          We recommend that you use a UUID type of value. .

          If you don't provide this value, then Amazon Web Services  generates
          a random one for you.

       --permission-version (integer)
          Specifies  the  version  of the RAM permission to associate with the
          resource share. If you don't specify this parameter,  the  operation
          uses  the  version designated as the default. You can use the  List-
          PermissionVersions operation to discover the available versions of a
          permission.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a RAM managed permission with a resource share

       The  following associate-resource-share-permission example replaces the
       existing managed permission for the relevant  resource  type  with  the
       specified  managed  permission. Access to all resources of the relevant
       resource type is governed by the new permission.

          aws ram associate-resource-share-permission \
              --permission-arn arn:aws:ram::aws:permission/AWSRAMPermissionGlueDatabaseReadWrite \
              --replace \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/27d09b4b-5e12-41d1-a4f2-19dedEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "returnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       returnValue -> (boolean)
          A return value of true indicates that the request succeeded. A value
          of false indicates that the request failed.

       clientToken -> (string)
          The idempotency identifier associated with this request. If you want
          to repeat the same operation in an idempotent manner then  you  must
          include  this  value  in  the  clientToken request parameter of that
          later call. All other parameters must also have the same values that
          you used in the first call.



                                         ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSION()
