DELETE-RESOURCE-SHARE()                                DELETE-RESOURCE-SHARE()



NAME
       delete-resource-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  resource share. This doesn't delete any of the
       resources that were associated with the resource share; it  only  stops
       the  sharing  of those resources outside of the Amazon Web Services ac-
       count that created them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-share
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          Specifies the Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of  the  resource  share  to
          delete.

       --client-token (string)
          Specifies  a  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to
          ensure the idempotency of the request. This lets  you  safely  retry
          the  request  without  accidentally  performing the same operation a
          second time. Passing the same value to a later call to an  operation
          requires that you also pass the same value for all other parameters.
          We recommend that you use a UUID type of value. .

          If you don't provide this value, then Amazon Web Services  generates
          a random one for you.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a resource share

       The  following  delete-resource-share example deletes the specified re-
       source share.

          aws ram delete-resource-share \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/7ab63972-b505-7e2a-420d-6f5d3EXAMPLE

       The following output indicates success:

          {
              "returnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       returnValue -> (boolean)
          A return value of true indicates that the request succeeded. A value
          of false indicates that the request failed.

       clientToken -> (string)
          The idempotency identifier associated with this request. If you want
          to repeat the same operation in an idempotent manner then  you  must
          include  this  value  in  the  clientToken request parameter of that
          later call. All other parameters must also have the same values that
          you used in the first call.



                                                       DELETE-RESOURCE-SHARE()
