DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSIONDISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       disassociate-resource-share-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  an  RAM  permission  from  a  resource share. Permission
       changes take effect immediately. You can remove a RAM permission from a
       resource share only if there are currently no resources of the relevant
       resource type currently attached to the resource share.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-resource-share-permission
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          --permission-arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the resource share from  which  you
          want to disassociate a permission.

       --permission-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the permission to disassociate from
          the resource share. Changes to permissions take effect immediately.

       --client-token (string)
          Specifies a unique, case-sensitive identifier that  you  provide  to
          ensure  the  idempotency  of the request. This lets you safely retry
          the request without accidentally performing  the  same  operation  a
          second  time. Passing the same value to a later call to an operation
          requires that you also pass the same value for all other parameters.
          We recommend that you use a UUID type of value. .

          If  you don't provide this value, then Amazon Web Services generates
          a random one for you.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  remove a RAM managed permission for a resource type from a resource
       share

       The following  disassociate-resource-share-permission  example  removes
       the  RAM  managed  permission for Glue databases from the specified re-
       source share.

          aws ram disassociate-resource-share-permission \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/27d09b4b-5e12-41d1-a4f2-19dedEXAMPLE \
              --permission-arn arn:aws:ram::aws:permission/AWSRAMPermissionGlueDatabaseReadWrite

       Output:

          {
              "returnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       returnValue -> (boolean)
          A return value of true indicates that the request succeeded. A value
          of false indicates that the request failed.

       clientToken -> (string)
          The idempotency identifier associated with this request. If you want
          to repeat the same operation in an idempotent manner then  you  must
          include  this  value  in  the  clientToken request parameter of that
          later call. All other parameters must also have the same values that
          you used in the first call.



                                      DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE-PERMISSION()
