DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE()                    DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE()



NAME
       disassociate-resource-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the specified principals or resources from the specified
       resource share.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-resource-share
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          [--resource-arns <value>]
          [--principals <value>]
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          Specifies Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the resource share  that  you
          want to remove resources from.

       --resource-arns (list)
          Specifies a list of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) for one or more re-
          sources that you want to remove from the resource share.  After  the
          operation runs, these resources are no longer shared with principals
          outside of the Amazon Web Services  account  that  created  the  re-
          sources.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --principals (list)
          Specifies  a  list  of  one or more principals that no longer are to
          have access to the resources in this resource share.

          You can include the following values:

          o An Amazon Web Services account ID, for example: 123456789012

          o An Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of an organization in  Organizations,
            for  example:  organizations::123456789012:organization/o-example-
            orgid

          o An ARN of an organizational unit (OU) in Organizations, for  exam-
            ple:     organizations::123456789012:ou/o-exampleorgid/ou-example-
            rootid-exampleouid123

          o An ARN of an IAM role, for  example:  iam::123456789012:role/role-
            name

          o An ARN of an IAM user, for example: iam::123456789012user/username

          NOTE:
              Not  all  resource types can be shared with IAM roles and users.
              For more information, see Sharing with IAM roles  and  users  in
              the Resource Access Manager User Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --client-token (string)
          Specifies  a  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to
          ensure the idempotency of the request. This lets  you  safely  retry
          the  request  without  accidentally  performing the same operation a
          second time. Passing the same value to a later call to an  operation
          requires that you also pass the same value for all other parameters.
          We recommend that you use a UUID type of value. .

          If you don't provide this value, then Amazon Web Services  generates
          a random one for you.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a resource from a resource share

       The following disassociate-resource-share example removes the specified
       resource, in this case a VPC subnet, from the specified resource share.
       Any  principals with access to the resource share can no longer perform
       operations on that resource.

          aws ram disassociate-resource-share \
              --resource-arns arn:aws:ec2:us-west-2:123456789012:subnet/subnet-0250c25a1fEXAMPLE \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/7ab63972-b505-7e2a-420d-6f5d3EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "resourceShareAssociations": [
                  "resourceShareArn": "arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/7ab63972-b505-7e2a-420d-6f5d3EXAMPLE",
                  "associatedEntity": "arn:aws:ec2:us-west-2:123456789012:subnet/subnet-0250c25a1fEXAMPLE",
                  "associationType": "RESOURCE",
                  "status": "DISASSOCIATING",
                  "external": false
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       resourceShareAssociations -> (list)
          An array of objects that contain information about the updated asso-
          ciations for this resource share.

          (structure)
              Describes  an  association  with  a  resource share and either a
              principal or a resource.

              resourceShareArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the resource share.

              resourceShareName -> (string)
                 The name of the resource share.

              associatedEntity -> (string)
                 The associated entity. This can be either of the following:

                 o For a resource association, this is the Amazon Resoure Name
                   (ARN) of the resource.

                 o For principal associations, this is one of the following:

                   o The ID of an Amazon Web Services account

                   o The Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of an organization in Orga-
                     nizations

                   o The ARN of an organizational unit (OU) in Organizations

                   o The ARN of an IAM role

                   o The ARN of an IAM user

              associationType -> (string)
                 The type of entity included in this association.

              status -> (string)
                 The current status of the association.

              statusMessage -> (string)
                 A message about the status of the association.

              creationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the association was created.

              lastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the association was last updated.

              external -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the principal belongs to the same organiza-
                 tion in Organizations as the Amazon Web Services account that
                 owns the resource share.

       clientToken -> (string)
          The idempotency identifier associated with this request. If you want
          to  repeat  the same operation in an idempotent manner then you must
          include this value in the  clientToken  request  parameter  of  that
          later call. All other parameters must also have the same values that
          you used in the first call.



                                                 DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE-SHARE()
