ENABLE-SHARING-WITH-AWS-ORGANIZATION()  ENABLE-SHARING-WITH-AWS-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       enable-sharing-with-aws-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  resource  sharing  within  your organization in Organizations.
       Calling this operation enables RAM to retrieve  information  about  the
       organization  and its structure. This lets you share resources with all
       of the accounts in an organization by specifying the organization's ID,
       or all of the accounts in an organizational unit (OU) by specifying the
       OU's ID. Until you enable sharing  within  the  organization,  you  can
       specify  only individual Amazon Web Services accounts, or for supported
       resource types, IAM users and roles.

       You must call this operation from an IAM user or role in the  organiza-
       tion's management account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-sharing-with-aws-organization
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable resource sharing across AWS Organizations

       The following enable-sharing-with-aws-organization example enables  re-
       source sharing across your organization and organizational units.

          aws ram enable-sharing-with-aws-organization

       The following output indicates success.

          {
              "returnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       returnValue -> (boolean)
          A return value of true indicates that the request succeeded. A value
          of false indicates that the request failed.



                                        ENABLE-SHARING-WITH-AWS-ORGANIZATION()
