PROMOTE-RESOURCE-SHARE-CREATED-FROPROMOTE-RESOURCE-SHARE-CREATED-FROM-POLICY()



NAME
       promote-resource-share-created-from-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       When  you  attach  a resource-based permission policy to a resource, it
       automatically creates a resource share. However, resource  shares  cre-
       ated this way are visible only to the resource share owner, and the re-
       source share can't be modified in RAM.

       You can use this operation to promote the resource share to a full  RAM
       resource  share. When you promote a resource share, you can then manage
       the resource share in RAM and it becomes visible to all of the  princi-
       pals you shared it with.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            promote-resource-share-created-from-policy
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          Specifies  the  Amazon  Resoure  Name (ARN) of the resource share to
          promote.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To promote a resource-policy based resource share to full functionality
       in AWS RAM

       The  following promote-resource-share-created-from-policy example takes
       a resource share  that  you  created  implicitly  by  attaching  a  re-
       source-based  policy,  and  converts it to be fully functional with the
       AWS RAM console and its CLI and API operations.

          aws ram promote-resource-share-created-from-policy \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-east-1:123456789012:resource-share/91fa8429-2d06-4032-909a-90909EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "returnValue": true
          }

OUTPUT
       returnValue -> (boolean)
          A return value of true indicates that the request succeeded. A value
          of false indicates that the request failed.



                                  PROMOTE-RESOURCE-SHARE-CREATED-FROM-POLICY()
