TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds the specified tag keys and values to the specified resource share.
       The tags are attached only to the resource share, not to the  resources
       that are in the resource share.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-share-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-share-arn (string)
          Specifies  the  Amazon Resoure Name (ARN) of the resource share that
          you want to add tags to.

       --tags (list)
          A list of one or more tag key and value pairs. The tag key  must  be
          present  and  not  be an empty string. The tag value must be present
          but can be an empty string.

          (structure)
              A structure containing a tag. A tag is metadata that you can at-
              tach to your resources to help organize and categorize them. You
              can also use them to help you secure your  resources.  For  more
              information,  see  Controlling access to Amazon Web Services re-
              sources using tags .

              For more information about tags, see Tagging Amazon Web Services
              resources in the Amazon Web Services General Reference Guide .

              key -> (string)
                 The  key, or name, attached to the tag. Every tag must have a
                 key. Key names are case sensitive.

              value -> (string)
                 The string value attached to the tag. The  value  can  be  an
                 empty string. Key values are case sensitive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to a resource share

       The  following  tag-resource example adds a tag key project and associ-
       ated value lima to the specified resource share.

          aws ram tag-resource \
              --tags key=project,value=lima \
              --resource-share-arn arn:aws:ram:us-west-2:123456789012:resource-share/7ab63972-b505-7e2a-420d-6f5d3EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
