COMPLETE-LAYER-UPLOAD()                                COMPLETE-LAYER-UPLOAD()



NAME
       complete-layer-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       Informs  Amazon  ECR  that  the  image layer upload has completed for a
       specified public registry, repository name, and upload ID. You can  op-
       tionally provide a sha256 digest of the image layer for data validation
       purposes.

       When an image is pushed, the CompleteLayerUpload API is called once per
       each new image layer to verify that the upload has completed.

       NOTE:
          This  operation is used by the Amazon ECR proxy and is not generally
          used by customers for pulling and pushing images. In most cases, you
          should use the docker CLI to pull, tag, and push images.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            complete-layer-upload
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          --upload-id <value>
          --layer-digests <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The  AWS  account ID associated with the registry to which to upload
          layers. If you do not specify a registry, the  default  public  reg-
          istry is assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The  name  of  the repository in a public registry to associate with
          the image layer.

       --upload-id (string)
          The upload ID from a previous  InitiateLayerUpload operation to  as-
          sociate with the image layer.

       --layer-digests (list)
          The sha256 digest of the image layer.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The public registry ID associated with the request.

       repositoryName -> (string)
          The repository name associated with the request.

       uploadId -> (string)
          The upload ID associated with the layer.

       layerDigest -> (string)
          The sha256 digest of the image layer.



                                                       COMPLETE-LAYER-UPLOAD()
