DELETE-REPOSITORY()                                        DELETE-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       delete-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  repository in a public registry. If the repository contains
       images, you must either delete all images in the repository or use  the
       force  option  which  deletes all images on your behalf before deleting
       the repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-repository
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The AWS account ID associated with the public registry that contains
          the  repository to delete. If you do not specify a registry, the de-
          fault public registry is assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to delete.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          If a repository contains images, forces the deletion.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       repository -> (structure)
          The repository that was deleted.

          repositoryArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies  the  repository.
              The  ARN contains the arn:aws:ecr namespace, followed by the re-
              gion of the repository, AWS account ID of the repository  owner,
              repository   namespace,   and   repository  name.  For  example,
              arn:aws:ecr:region:012345678910:repository/test .

          registryId -> (string)
              The AWS account ID associated with the public registry that con-
              tains the repository.

          repositoryName -> (string)
              The name of the repository.

          repositoryUri -> (string)
              The  URI  for the repository. You can use this URI for container
              image push and pull operations.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The date and time, in JavaScript date format, when  the  reposi-
              tory was created.



                                                           DELETE-REPOSITORY()
