DESCRIBE-REGISTRIES()                                    DESCRIBE-REGISTRIES()



NAME
       describe-registries -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns details for a public registry.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-registries is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: registries

SYNOPSIS
            describe-registries
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registries -> (list)
          An object containing the details for a public registry.

          (structure)
              The details of a public registry.

              registryId -> (string)
                 The  AWS  account  ID associated with the registry. If you do
                 not specify a registry, the default public  registry  is  as-
                 sumed.

              registryArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the public registry.

              registryUri -> (string)
                 The  URI  of  a public registry. The URI contains a universal
                 prefix and the registry alias.

              verified -> (boolean)
                 Whether the account is verified. This indicates  whether  the
                 account  is an AWS Marketplace vendor. If an account is veri-
                 fied, each public repository will received a verified account
                 badge on the Amazon ECR Public Gallery.

              aliases -> (list)
                 An  array  of  objects  representing the aliases for a public
                 registry.

                 (structure)
                     An object representing the aliases for a public registry.
                     A  public  registry is given an alias upon creation but a
                     custom alias can be set using the Amazon ECR console. For
                     more  information,  see  Registries in the Amazon Elastic
                     Container Registry User Guide .

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the registry alias.

                     status -> (string)
                        The status of the registry alias.

                     primaryRegistryAlias -> (boolean)
                        Whether or not the registry alias is the primary alias
                        for  the  registry.  If true, the alias is the primary
                        registry alias and is displayed in both the repository
                        URL and the image URI used in the docker pull commands
                        on the Amazon ECR Public Gallery.

                        NOTE:
                            A registry alias that is not the primary  registry
                            alias  can  be  used  in  the  repository URI in a
                            docker pull command.

                     defaultRegistryAlias -> (boolean)
                        Whether or not the registry alias is the default alias
                        for  the registry. When the first public repository is
                        created, your public registry is  assigned  a  default
                        registry alias.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  nextToken value to include in a future DescribeRepositories re-
          quest. When the results of  a  DescribeRepositories  request  exceed
          maxResults , this value can be used to retrieve the next page of re-
          sults. This value is null when there are no more results to return.



                                                         DESCRIBE-REGISTRIES()
