GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()                            GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()



NAME
       get-authorization-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  an  authorization  token.  An authorization token represents
       your IAM authentication credentials and can be used to access any  Ama-
       zon  ECR registry that your IAM principal has access to. The authoriza-
       tion token is valid for  12  hours.  This  API  requires  the  ecr-pub-
       lic:GetAuthorizationToken and sts:GetServiceBearerToken permissions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-authorization-token
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       authorizationData -> (structure)
          An authorization token data object that corresponds to a public reg-
          istry.

          authorizationToken -> (string)
              A base64-encoded string that contains authorization data  for  a
              public  Amazon  ECR  registry. When the string is decoded, it is
              presented in the format user:password for  public  registry  au-
              thentication using docker login .

          expiresAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix time in seconds and milliseconds when the authorization
              token expires. Authorization tokens are valid for 12 hours.



                                                     GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()
