GET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()                                GET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()



NAME
       get-repository-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the repository policy for the specified repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-repository-policy
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The AWS account ID associated with the public registry that contains
          the repository. If you do not specify a registry, the default public
          registry is assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository with the policy to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.

       repositoryName -> (string)
          The repository name associated with the request.

       policyText -> (string)
          The  repository policy text associated with the repository. The pol-
          icy text will be in JSON format.



                                                       GET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()
