PUT-REGISTRY-CATALOG-DATA()                        PUT-REGISTRY-CATALOG-DATA()



NAME
       put-registry-catalog-data -

DESCRIPTION
       Create or updates the catalog data for a public registry.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-registry-catalog-data
          [--display-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --display-name (string)
          The display name for a public registry. The display name is shown as
          the repository author in the Amazon ECR Public Gallery.

          NOTE:
              The registry display name is only publicly visible in the Amazon
              ECR Public Gallery for verified accounts.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryCatalogData -> (structure)
          The catalog data for the public registry.

          displayName -> (string)
              The display name for a public registry. This appears on the Ama-
              zon ECR Public Gallery.

              WARNING:
                 Only accounts that have the verified account badge can have a
                 registry display name.



                                                   PUT-REGISTRY-CATALOG-DATA()
