SET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()                                SET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()



NAME
       set-repository-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Applies  a repository policy to the specified public repository to con-
       trol access permissions. For more information, see Amazon  ECR  Reposi-
       tory Policies in the Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-repository-policy
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          --policy-text <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The  AWS  account  ID associated with the registry that contains the
          repository. If you do not specify a  registry,  the  default  public
          registry is assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to receive the policy.

       --policy-text (string)
          The JSON repository policy text to apply to the repository. For more
          information, see Amazon ECR Repository Policies in the Amazon  Elas-
          tic Container Registry User Guide .

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          If the policy you are attempting to set on a repository policy would
          prevent you from setting another policy  in  the  future,  you  must
          force  the   SetRepositoryPolicy operation. This is intended to pre-
          vent accidental repository lock outs.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.

       repositoryName -> (string)
          The repository name associated with the request.

       policyText -> (string)
          The JSON repository policy text applied to the repository.



                                                       SET-REPOSITORY-POLICY()
