UPLOAD-LAYER-PART()                                        UPLOAD-LAYER-PART()



NAME
       upload-layer-part -

DESCRIPTION
       Uploads an image layer part to Amazon ECR.

       When an image is pushed, each new image layer is uploaded in parts. The
       maximum size of each image layer part can be 20971520 bytes  (or  about
       20MB).  The UploadLayerPart API is called once per each new image layer
       part.

       NOTE:
          This operation is used by the Amazon ECR proxy and is not  generally
          used by customers for pulling and pushing images. In most cases, you
          should use the docker CLI to pull, tag, and push images.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upload-layer-part
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          --upload-id <value>
          --part-first-byte <value>
          --part-last-byte <value>
          --layer-part-blob <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The AWS account ID associated with the registry to which you are up-
          loading  layer  parts. If you do not specify a registry, the default
          public registry is assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to which you are uploading layer parts.

       --upload-id (string)
          The upload ID from a previous  InitiateLayerUpload operation to  as-
          sociate with the layer part upload.

       --part-first-byte (long)
          The  position  of the first byte of the layer part witin the overall
          image layer.

       --part-last-byte (long)
          The position of the last byte of the layer part within  the  overall
          image layer.

       --layer-part-blob (blob)
          The base64-encoded layer part payload.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.

       repositoryName -> (string)
          The repository name associated with the request.

       uploadId -> (string)
          The upload ID associated with the request.

       lastByteReceived -> (long)
          The integer value of the last byte received in the request.



                                                           UPLOAD-LAYER-PART()
