DESCRIBE-COMPONENT()                                      DESCRIBE-COMPONENT()



NAME
       describe-component -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes a component and lists the resources that are grouped together
       in a component.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-component
          --resource-group-name <value>
          --component-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-group-name (string)
          The name of the resource group.

       --component-name (string)
          The name of the component.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationComponent -> (structure)
          Describes a standalone resource or similarly grouped resources  that
          the application is made up of.

          ComponentName -> (string)
              The name of the component.

          ComponentRemarks -> (string)
              If logging is supported for the resource type, indicates whether
              the component has configured logs to be monitored.

          ResourceType -> (string)
              The resource type. Supported  resource  types  include  EC2  in-
              stances,  Auto  Scaling group, Classic ELB, Application ELB, and
              SQS Queue.

          OsType -> (string)
              The operating system of the component.

          Tier -> (string)
              The stack tier of the application component.

          Monitor -> (boolean)
              Indicates whether the application component is monitored.

          DetectedWorkload -> (map)
              Workloads detected in the application component.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (map)
                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       ResourceList -> (list)
          The list of resource ARNs that belong to the component.

          (string)



                                                          DESCRIBE-COMPONENT()
