LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve  a list of the tags (keys and values) that are associated with
       a specified application. A tag is a label that  you  optionally  define
       and  associate with an application. Each tag consists of a required tag
       key and an optional associated tag value . A tag key is a general label
       that  acts as a category for more specific tag values. A tag value acts
       as a descriptor within a tag key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application that you  want  to
          retrieve tag information for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          An array that lists all the tags that are associated with the appli-
          cation.  Each tag consists of a required tag key (Key ) and an asso-
          ciated tag value (Value ).

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags associated with an  application.
              A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and associate with
              an application. Tags can help  you  categorize  and  manage  re-
              sources  in  different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environ-
              ment, or other criteria.

              Each tag consists of a required tag key and  an  associated  tag
              value  ,  both of which you define. A tag key is a general label
              that acts as a category for a more specific  tag  value.  A  tag
              value  acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can con-
              tain as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as  many
              as  256  characters. The characters can be Unicode letters, dig-
              its, white space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : /  =  +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For  each associated resource, each tag key must be unique and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit or remove tag keys or values that use this prefix.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The  maximum
                 length  of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum  length of a tag value is 256 characters. The minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you don't want an  application  to
                 have a specific tag value, don't specify a value for this pa-
                 rameter.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
