TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Add  one  or  more tags (keys and values) to a specified application. A
       tag is a label that you optionally define and associate with an  appli-
       cation.  Tags can help you categorize and manage application in differ-
       ent ways, such as by purpose, owner, environment, or other criteria.

       Each tag consists of a required tag key and an associated tag  value  ,
       both  of  which you define. A tag key is a general label that acts as a
       category for more specific tag values. A tag value acts as a descriptor
       within a tag key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the application that you want to
          add one or more tags to.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that to add to the application. A tag consists  of  a
          required  tag  key  (Key ) and an associated tag value (Value ). The
          maximum length of a tag key is 128 characters. The maximum length of
          a tag value is 256 characters.

          (structure)
              An  object that defines the tags associated with an application.
              A tag is a label that you optionally define and  associate  with
              an  application.  Tags  can  help  you categorize and manage re-
              sources in different ways, such as by purpose,  owner,  environ-
              ment, or other criteria.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit or remove tag keys or values that use this prefix.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length  is  0 characters. If you don't want an application to
                 have a specific tag value, don't specify a value for this pa-
                 rameter.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
