DELETE-PRESET()                                                DELETE-PRESET()



NAME
       delete-preset -

DESCRIPTION
       The DeletePreset operation removes a preset that you've added in an AWS
       region.

       NOTE:
          You can't delete the default presets that are included with  Elastic
          Transcoder.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-preset
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  identifier of the preset for which you want to get detailed in-
          formation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete the specified ElasticTranscoder preset

       This deletes the specified ElasticTranscoder preset.

       Command:

          aws elastictranscoder delete-preset --id 5555555555555-abcde5

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-PRESET()
