DELETE-PIPELINE()                                            DELETE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       delete-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       The DeletePipeline operation removes a pipeline.

       You  can only delete a pipeline that has never been used or that is not
       currently in use (doesn't contain any active jobs). If the pipeline  is
       currently in use, DeletePipeline returns an error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-pipeline
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of the pipeline that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete the specified ElasticTranscoder pipeline

       This deletes the specified ElasticTranscoder pipeline.

       Command:

          aws elastictranscoder delete-pipeline --id 1111111111111-abcde1

       Output:

          {
           "Success":"true"
          }

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-PIPELINE()
