LIST-JOBS-BY-STATUS()                                    LIST-JOBS-BY-STATUS()



NAME
       list-jobs-by-status -

DESCRIPTION
       The  ListJobsByStatus  operation gets a list of jobs that have a speci-
       fied status. The response body contains one element for each  job  that
       satisfies the search criteria.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-jobs-by-status is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Jobs

SYNOPSIS
            list-jobs-by-status
          --status <value>
          [--ascending <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --status (string)
          To get information about all of the jobs associated with the current
          AWS  account that have a given status, specify the following status:
          Submitted , Progressing , Complete , Canceled , or Error .

       --ascending (string)
          To list jobs in chronological order by the date and time  that  they
          were  submitted,  enter true . To list jobs in reverse chronological
          order, enter false .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve a list of ElasticTranscoder jobs with a status of Complete

       This example retrieves a list of ElasticTranscoder jobs with  a  status
       of Complete.

       Command:

          aws elastictranscoder list-jobs-by-status --status Complete

       Output:

          {
             "Jobs": []
          }

OUTPUT
       Jobs -> (list)
          An array of Job objects that have the specified status.

          (structure)
              A  section  of the response body that provides information about
              the job that is created.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier that Elastic Transcoder assigned to  the  job.
                 You  use  this value to get settings for the job or to delete
                 the job.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the job.

              PipelineId -> (string)
                 The Id of the pipeline that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to
                 use  for  transcoding.  The  pipeline determines several set-
                 tings, including the Amazon  S3  bucket  from  which  Elastic
                 Transcoder  gets  the  files to transcode and the bucket into
                 which Elastic Transcoder puts the transcoded files.

              Input -> (structure)
                 A section of the request or response body that  provides  in-
                 formation about the file that is being transcoded.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  name of the file to transcode. Elsewhere in the body
                     of the JSON block is the the ID of the  pipeline  to  use
                     for  processing  the  job. The InputBucket object in that
                     pipeline tells Elastic Transcoder which Amazon S3  bucket
                     to get the file from.

                     If  the  file  name  includes  a  prefix,  such  as cook-
                     ing/lasagna.mpg , include the prefix in the key.  If  the
                     file  isn't  in  the specified bucket, Elastic Transcoder
                     returns an error.

                 FrameRate -> (string)
                     The frame rate of the input file.  If  you  want  Elastic
                     Transcoder  to automatically detect the frame rate of the
                     input file, specify auto . If you  want  to  specify  the
                     frame rate for the input file, enter one of the following
                     values:
                        10 , 15 , 23.97 , 24 , 25 , 29.97 , 30 , 60

                     If  you  specify  a  value  other  than  auto  ,  Elastic
                     Transcoder  disables  automatic  detection  of  the frame
                     rate.

                 Resolution -> (string)
                     This value must be auto , which causes Elastic Transcoder
                     to automatically detect the resolution of the input file.

                 AspectRatio -> (string)
                     The  aspect  ratio of the input file. If you want Elastic
                     Transcoder to automatically detect the  aspect  ratio  of
                     the input file, specify auto . If you want to specify the
                     aspect ratio for the output file, enter one of  the  fol-
                     lowing values:
                        1:1 , 4:3 , 3:2 , 16:9

                     If  you  specify  a  value  other  than  auto  ,  Elastic
                     Transcoder disables automatic detection of the aspect ra-
                     tio.

                 Interlaced -> (string)
                     Whether the input file is interlaced. If you want Elastic
                     Transcoder to automatically detect whether the input file
                     is  interlaced,  specify  auto  .  If you want to specify
                     whether the input file is interlaced, enter  one  of  the
                     following values:
                        true , false

                     If  you  specify  a  value  other  than  auto  ,  Elastic
                     Transcoder disables automatic detection of interlacing.

                 Container -> (string)
                     The container type for the input file. If you want  Elas-
                     tic Transcoder to automatically detect the container type
                     of the input file, specify auto . If you want to  specify
                     the  container  type for the input file, enter one of the
                     following values:
                        3gp , aac , asf , avi , divx , flv , m4a , mkv , mov ,
                        mp3 , mp4 , mpeg , mpeg-ps , mpeg-ts , mxf , ogg , vob
                        , wav , webm

                 Encryption -> (structure)
                     The encryption settings, if any, that are  used  for  de-
                     crypting  your  input  files.  If  your input file is en-
                     crypted,  you  must  specify  the   mode   that   Elastic
                     Transcoder uses to decrypt your file.

                     Mode -> (string)
                        The specific server-side encryption mode that you want
                        Elastic Transcoder to use when decrypting  your  input
                        files   or   encrypting  your  output  files.  Elastic
                        Transcoder supports the following options:

                        o s3: Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys used  for
                          encrypting your files.

                        o s3-aws-kms:  Amazon  S3 calls the Amazon Key Manage-
                          ment Service, which creates  and  manages  the  keys
                          that  are  used  for  encrypting  your files. If you
                          specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use the de-
                          fault  key,  you  must  add the AWS-KMS key that you
                          want to use to your pipeline.

                        o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode of  opera-
                          tion originally used for HLS files.

                        o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                        o aes-gcm:  AES  Galois Counter Mode, a mode of opera-
                          tion that is  an  authenticated  encryption  format,
                          meaning  that  a file, key, or initialization vector
                          that has been tampered  with  fails  the  decryption
                          process.

                        For  all  three AES options, you must provide the fol-
                        lowing settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                        o Key

                        o Key MD5

                        o Initialization Vector

                        WARNING:
                            For the AES modes, your  private  encryption  keys
                            and your unencrypted data are never stored by AWS;
                            therefore, it is important that you safely  manage
                            your  encryption keys. If you lose them, you won't
                            be able to unencrypt your data.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The  data  encryption  key  that  you   want   Elastic
                        Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file, or that
                        was used to encrypt your input file. The key  must  be
                        base64-encoded and it must be one of the following bit
                        lengths before being base64-encoded:
                            128 , 192 , or 256 .

                        The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon Key
                        Management Service.

                     KeyMd5 -> (string)
                        The  MD5  digest  of  the key that you used to encrypt
                        your input file, or that you want  Elastic  Transcoder
                        to use to encrypt your output file. Elastic Transcoder
                        uses the key digest as a checksum to  make  sure  your
                        key  was not corrupted in transit. The key MD5 must be
                        base64-encoded, and it must be exactly 16  bytes  long
                        before being base64-encoded.

                     InitializationVector -> (string)
                        The series of random bits created by a random bit gen-
                        erator, unique for every  encryption  operation,  that
                        you  used to encrypt your input files or that you want
                        Elastic Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt  your  output
                        files.  The  initialization  vector must be base64-en-
                        coded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes long before be-
                        ing base64-encoded.

                 TimeSpan -> (structure)
                     Settings  for clipping an input. Each input can have dif-
                     ferent clip settings.

                     StartTime -> (string)
                        The place in the input file where you want a  clip  to
                        start.  The format can be either HH:mm:ss.SSS (maximum
                        value: 23:59:59.999; SSS is thousandths of  a  second)
                        or  sssss.SSS (maximum value: 86399.999). If you don't
                        specify a value, Elastic Transcoder starts at the  be-
                        ginning of the input file.

                     Duration -> (string)
                        The  duration  of  the  clip. The format can be either
                        HH:mm:ss.SSS  (maximum  value:  23:59:59.999;  SSS  is
                        thousandths  of a second) or sssss.SSS (maximum value:
                        86399.999). If you  don't  specify  a  value,  Elastic
                        Transcoder  creates  an  output file from StartTime to
                        the end of the file.

                        If you specify a value longer than the duration of the
                        input file, Elastic Transcoder transcodes the file and
                        returns a warning message.

                 InputCaptions -> (structure)
                     You can configure Elastic Transcoder  to  transcode  cap-
                     tions, or subtitles, from one format to another. All cap-
                     tions must be in UTF-8. Elastic Transcoder  supports  two
                     types of captions:

                     o Embedded:  Embedded  captions  are included in the same
                       file as the audio and video.  Elastic  Transcoder  sup-
                       ports only one embedded caption per language, to a max-
                       imum of 300 embedded captions  per  file.  Valid  input
                       values  include:  CEA-608  (EIA-608  ,  first non-empty
                       channel only), CEA-708 (EIA-708 , first non-empty chan-
                       nel   only),  and  mov-text    Valid  outputs  include:
                       mov-text   Elastic Transcoder supports a maximum of one
                       embedded format per output.

                     o Sidecar:  Sidecar captions are kept in a separate meta-
                       data file from the audio and video data.  Sidecar  cap-
                       tions require a player that is capable of understanding
                       the relationship between the video file and the sidecar
                       file. Elastic Transcoder supports only one sidecar cap-
                       tion per language, to a maximum of 20 sidecar  captions
                       per  file.  Valid input values include: dfxp (first div
                       element only), ebu-tt , scc , smpt , srt , ttml  (first
                       div  element only), and webvtt   Valid outputs include:
                       dfxp (first div element only), scc , srt , and webvtt .

                     If you want ttml or smpte-tt compatible captions, specify
                     dfxp as your output format.

                     Elastic  Transcoder does not support OCR (Optical Charac-
                     ter Recognition), does not accept pictures as a valid in-
                     put  for  captions,  and  is not available for audio-only
                     transcoding. Elastic Transcoder does  not  preserve  text
                     formatting  (for example, italics) during the transcoding
                     process.

                     To remove captions or leave the captions empty, set  Cap-
                     tions  to  null.  To  pass  through existing captions un-
                     changed, set the MergePolicy to MergeRetain , and pass in
                     a null CaptionSources array.

                     For more information on embedded files, see the Subtitles
                     Wikipedia page.

                     For more information on sidecar files, see the Extensible
                     Metadata Platform and Sidecar file Wikipedia pages.

                     MergePolicy -> (string)
                        A  policy  that determines how Elastic Transcoder han-
                        dles the existence of multiple captions.

                        o MergeOverride: Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes  both
                          embedded  and sidecar captions into outputs. If cap-
                          tions for a language are embedded in the input  file
                          and   also   appear   in  a  sidecar  file,  Elastic
                          Transcoder uses the sidecar captions and ignores the
                          embedded captions for that language.

                        o MergeRetain:  Elastic Transcoder transcodes both em-
                          bedded and sidecar captions into  outputs.  If  cap-
                          tions  for a language are embedded in the input file
                          and  also  appear  in  a   sidecar   file,   Elastic
                          Transcoder  uses  the  embedded captions and ignores
                          the sidecar captions for that language. If  Caption-
                          Sources is empty, Elastic Transcoder omits all side-
                          car captions from the output files.

                        o Override: Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes  only  the
                          sidecar  captions that you specify in CaptionSources
                          .
                            MergePolicy cannot be null.

                     CaptionSources -> (list)
                        Source files for the input sidecar captions used  dur-
                        ing  the transcoding process. To omit all sidecar cap-
                        tions, leave CaptionSources blank.

                        (structure)
                            A source file for the input sidecar captions  used
                            during the transcoding process.

                            Key -> (string)
                               The  name  of the sidecar caption file that you
                               want Elastic Transcoder to include in the  out-
                               put file.

                            Language -> (string)
                               A  string  that  specifies  the language of the
                               caption. If you specified multiple inputs  with
                               captions,  the  caption  language must match in
                               order to be included  in  the  output.  Specify
                               this as one of:

                               o 2-character ISO 639-1 code

                               o 3-character ISO 639-2 code

                               For  more information on ISO language codes and
                               language names,  see  the  List  of  ISO  639-1
                               codes.

                            TimeOffset -> (string)
                               For  clip  generation  or  captions that do not
                               start at the same time as the associated  video
                               file,  the  TimeOffset tells Elastic Transcoder
                               how much of the video to encode before  includ-
                               ing captions.

                               Specify  the  TimeOffset in the form [+-]SS.sss
                               or [+-]HH:mm:SS.ss.

                            Label -> (string)
                               The label of the caption shown  in  the  player
                               when choosing a language. We recommend that you
                               put the caption language name here, in the lan-
                               guage of the captions.

                            Encryption -> (structure)
                               The  encryption  settings, if any, that Elastic
                               Transcoder  needs  to  decyrpt   your   caption
                               sources, or that you want Elastic Transcoder to
                               apply to your caption sources.

                               Mode -> (string)
                                   The specific  server-side  encryption  mode
                                   that  you  want  Elastic  Transcoder to use
                                   when decrypting your  input  files  or  en-
                                   crypting   your   output   files.   Elastic
                                   Transcoder supports the following options:

                                   o s3: Amazon S3  creates  and  manages  the
                                     keys used for encrypting your files.

                                   o s3-aws-kms:  Amazon  S3  calls the Amazon
                                     Key Management Service, which creates and
                                     manages  the  keys  that are used for en-
                                     crypting  your  files.  If  you   specify
                                     s3-aws-kms  and you don't want to use the
                                     default key, you must add the AWS-KMS key
                                     that you want to use to your pipeline.

                                   o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode
                                     of  operation  originally  used  for  HLS
                                     files.

                                   o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                   o aes-gcm:  AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode
                                     of operation that is an authenticated en-
                                     cryption  format,  meaning  that  a file,
                                     key, or initialization  vector  that  has
                                     been  tampered  with fails the decryption
                                     process.

                                   For all three AES options, you must provide
                                   the   following  settings,  which  must  be
                                   base64-encoded:

                                   o Key

                                   o Key MD5

                                   o Initialization Vector

                                   WARNING:
                                      For the AES modes, your private  encryp-
                                      tion  keys and your unencrypted data are
                                      never stored by AWS;  therefore,  it  is
                                      important  that  you  safely manage your
                                      encryption keys. If you lose  them,  you
                                      won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The data encryption key that you want Elas-
                                   tic Transcoder to use to encrypt your  out-
                                   put  file, or that was used to encrypt your
                                   input file. The key must be  base64-encoded
                                   and  it  must  be  one of the following bit
                                   lengths before being base64-encoded:
                                      128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                   The key must also be encrypted by using the
                                   Amazon Key Management Service.

                               KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                   The  MD5 digest of the key that you used to
                                   encrypt your input file, or that  you  want
                                   Elastic  Transcoder  to use to encrypt your
                                   output file. Elastic  Transcoder  uses  the
                                   key  digest as a checksum to make sure your
                                   key was not corrupted in transit.  The  key
                                   MD5  must be base64-encoded, and it must be
                                   exactly  16   bytes   long   before   being
                                   base64-encoded.

                               InitializationVector -> (string)
                                   The series of random bits created by a ran-
                                   dom bit generator, unique for every encryp-
                                   tion  operation,  that  you used to encrypt
                                   your input files or that you  want  Elastic
                                   Transcoder  to  use  to encrypt your output
                                   files. The initialization  vector  must  be
                                   base64-encoded,  and  it must be exactly 16
                                   bytes long before being base64-encoded.

                 DetectedProperties -> (structure)
                     The detected properties of the input file.

                     Width -> (integer)
                        The detected width of the input file, in pixels.

                     Height -> (integer)
                        The detected height of the input file, in pixels.

                     FrameRate -> (string)
                        The detected frame rate of the input file,  in  frames
                        per second.

                     FileSize -> (long)
                        The detected file size of the input file, in bytes.

                     DurationMillis -> (long)
                        The  detected duration of the input file, in millisec-
                        onds.

              Inputs -> (list)
                 Information about the files that you're transcoding.  If  you
                 specified  multiple  files  for  this job, Elastic Transcoder
                 stitches the files together to make one output.

                 (structure)
                     Information about the file that you're transcoding.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The name of the file to transcode.  Elsewhere  in  the
                        body  of  the JSON block is the the ID of the pipeline
                        to use for processing the job. The InputBucket  object
                        in that pipeline tells Elastic Transcoder which Amazon
                        S3 bucket to get the file from.

                        If the file name includes  a  prefix,  such  as  cook-
                        ing/lasagna.mpg  ,  include  the prefix in the key. If
                        the  file  isn't  in  the  specified  bucket,  Elastic
                        Transcoder returns an error.

                     FrameRate -> (string)
                        The  frame rate of the input file. If you want Elastic
                        Transcoder to automatically detect the frame  rate  of
                        the  input file, specify auto . If you want to specify
                        the frame rate for the input file, enter  one  of  the
                        following values:
                            10 , 15 , 23.97 , 24 , 25 , 29.97 , 30 , 60

                        If  you  specify  a  value  other  than auto , Elastic
                        Transcoder disables automatic detection of  the  frame
                        rate.

                     Resolution -> (string)
                        This  value  must  be  auto  ,  which  causes  Elastic
                        Transcoder to automatically detect the  resolution  of
                        the input file.

                     AspectRatio -> (string)
                        The  aspect ratio of the input file. If you want Elas-
                        tic Transcoder to automatically detect the aspect  ra-
                        tio  of  the input file, specify auto . If you want to
                        specify the aspect ratio for the  output  file,  enter
                        one of the following values:
                            1:1 , 4:3 , 3:2 , 16:9

                        If  you  specify  a  value  other  than auto , Elastic
                        Transcoder disables automatic detection of the  aspect
                        ratio.

                     Interlaced -> (string)
                        Whether  the  input  file  is  interlaced. If you want
                        Elastic Transcoder to automatically detect whether the
                        input  file  is interlaced, specify auto . If you want
                        to specify whether the input file is interlaced, enter
                        one of the following values:
                            true , false

                        If  you  specify  a  value  other  than auto , Elastic
                        Transcoder disables automatic detection  of  interlac-
                        ing.

                     Container -> (string)
                        The  container  type  for  the input file. If you want
                        Elastic Transcoder to automatically  detect  the  con-
                        tainer  type  of the input file, specify auto . If you
                        want to specify the container type for the input file,
                        enter one of the following values:
                            3gp  ,  aac , asf , avi , divx , flv , m4a , mkv ,
                            mov , mp3 , mp4 , mpeg , mpeg-ps , mpeg-ts , mxf ,
                            ogg , vob , wav , webm

                     Encryption -> (structure)
                        The encryption settings, if any, that are used for de-
                        crypting your input files. If your input file  is  en-
                        crypted,  you  must  specify  the  mode  that  Elastic
                        Transcoder uses to decrypt your file.

                        Mode -> (string)
                            The specific server-side encryption mode that  you
                            want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use when decrypting
                            your input files or encrypting your output  files.
                            Elastic Transcoder supports the following options:

                            o s3:  Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys used
                              for encrypting your files.

                            o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon Key  Man-
                              agement  Service,  which creates and manages the
                              keys that are used for encrypting your files. If
                              you specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use
                              the default key, you must add  the  AWS-KMS  key
                              that you want to use to your pipeline.

                            o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode of op-
                              eration originally used for HLS files.

                            o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                            o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode of  op-
                              eration that is an authenticated encryption for-
                              mat, meaning that a file, key, or initialization
                              vector that has been tampered with fails the de-
                              cryption process.

                            For all three AES options, you  must  provide  the
                            following settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                            o Key

                            o Key MD5

                            o Initialization Vector

                            WARNING:
                               For the AES modes, your private encryption keys
                               and your unencrypted data are never  stored  by
                               AWS; therefore, it is important that you safely
                               manage your encryption keys. If you lose  them,
                               you won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The  data  encryption  key  that  you want Elastic
                            Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file,  or
                            that  was used to encrypt your input file. The key
                            must be base64-encoded and it must be one  of  the
                            following bit lengths before being base64-encoded:
                               128 , 192 , or 256 .

                            The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon
                            Key Management Service.

                        KeyMd5 -> (string)
                            The MD5 digest of the key that you used to encrypt
                            your   input   file,  or  that  you  want  Elastic
                            Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your  output  file.
                            Elastic Transcoder uses the key digest as a check-
                            sum to make sure your key  was  not  corrupted  in
                            transit.  The  key MD5 must be base64-encoded, and
                            it must be exactly  16  bytes  long  before  being
                            base64-encoded.

                        InitializationVector -> (string)
                            The  series of random bits created by a random bit
                            generator, unique for every encryption  operation,
                            that  you used to encrypt your input files or that
                            you want Elastic Transcoder to use to encrypt your
                            output  files.  The  initialization vector must be
                            base64-encoded, and it must be  exactly  16  bytes
                            long before being base64-encoded.

                     TimeSpan -> (structure)
                        Settings  for  clipping  an input. Each input can have
                        different clip settings.

                        StartTime -> (string)
                            The place in the input file where you want a  clip
                            to  start.  The  format can be either HH:mm:ss.SSS
                            (maximum value: 23:59:59.999; SSS  is  thousandths
                            of   a   second)   or  sssss.SSS  (maximum  value:
                            86399.999). If you don't specify a value,  Elastic
                            Transcoder  starts  at  the beginning of the input
                            file.

                        Duration -> (string)
                            The duration of the clip. The format can be either
                            HH:mm:ss.SSS  (maximum value: 23:59:59.999; SSS is
                            thousandths of a  second)  or  sssss.SSS  (maximum
                            value:  86399.999).  If you don't specify a value,
                            Elastic Transcoder creates  an  output  file  from
                            StartTime to the end of the file.

                            If you specify a value longer than the duration of
                            the input file, Elastic Transcoder transcodes  the
                            file and returns a warning message.

                     InputCaptions -> (structure)
                        You can configure Elastic Transcoder to transcode cap-
                        tions, or subtitles, from one format to  another.  All
                        captions must be in UTF-8. Elastic Transcoder supports
                        two types of captions:

                        o Embedded: Embedded captions are included in the same
                          file as the audio and video. Elastic Transcoder sup-
                          ports only one embedded caption per language,  to  a
                          maximum of 300 embedded captions per file. Valid in-
                          put  values  include:  CEA-608  (EIA-608   ,   first
                          non-empty  channel  only),  CEA-708 (EIA-708 , first
                          non-empty channel only), and mov-text    Valid  out-
                          puts include: mov-text   Elastic Transcoder supports
                          a maximum of one embedded format per output.

                        o Sidecar: Sidecar captions are  kept  in  a  separate
                          metadata file from the audio and video data. Sidecar
                          captions require a player that is capable of  under-
                          standing the relationship between the video file and
                          the sidecar file. Elastic Transcoder  supports  only
                          one sidecar caption per language, to a maximum of 20
                          sidecar captions per file. Valid  input  values  in-
                          clude: dfxp (first div element only), ebu-tt , scc ,
                          smpt , srt , ttml (first div element only), and web-
                          vtt   Valid outputs include: dfxp (first div element
                          only), scc , srt , and webvtt .

                        If you want  ttml  or  smpte-tt  compatible  captions,
                        specify dfxp as your output format.

                        Elastic Transcoder does not support OCR (Optical Char-
                        acter Recognition), does  not  accept  pictures  as  a
                        valid input for captions, and is not available for au-
                        dio-only transcoding. Elastic Transcoder does not pre-
                        serve  text  formatting  (for example, italics) during
                        the transcoding process.

                        To remove captions or leave the  captions  empty,  set
                        Captions  to  null.  To pass through existing captions
                        unchanged, set the MergePolicy to  MergeRetain  ,  and
                        pass in a null CaptionSources array.

                        For more information on embedded files, see the Subti-
                        tles Wikipedia page.

                        For more information on sidecar files, see the  Exten-
                        sible  Metadata  Platform  and  Sidecar file Wikipedia
                        pages.

                        MergePolicy -> (string)
                            A policy that determines  how  Elastic  Transcoder
                            handles the existence of multiple captions.

                            o MergeOverride:   Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes
                              both embedded and sidecar captions into outputs.
                              If  captions  for a language are embedded in the
                              input file and also appear in  a  sidecar  file,
                              Elastic Transcoder uses the sidecar captions and
                              ignores the embedded captions for that language.

                            o MergeRetain: Elastic Transcoder transcodes  both
                              embedded  and  sidecar captions into outputs. If
                              captions for a language are embedded in the  in-
                              put  file  and  also  appear  in a sidecar file,
                              Elastic Transcoder uses  the  embedded  captions
                              and  ignores  the sidecar captions for that lan-
                              guage.  If  CaptionSources  is  empty,   Elastic
                              Transcoder  omits  all sidecar captions from the
                              output files.

                            o Override: Elastic Transcoder transcodes only the
                              sidecar  captions  that  you specify in Caption-
                              Sources .
                               MergePolicy cannot be null.

                        CaptionSources -> (list)
                            Source files for the input sidecar  captions  used
                            during  the transcoding process. To omit all side-
                            car captions, leave CaptionSources blank.

                            (structure)
                               A source file for the  input  sidecar  captions
                               used during the transcoding process.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The  name  of the sidecar caption file that
                                   you want Elastic Transcoder to  include  in
                                   the output file.

                               Language -> (string)
                                   A string that specifies the language of the
                                   caption. If you specified  multiple  inputs
                                   with  captions,  the  caption language must
                                   match in order to be included in  the  out-
                                   put. Specify this as one of:

                                   o 2-character ISO 639-1 code

                                   o 3-character ISO 639-2 code

                                   For  more information on ISO language codes
                                   and language names, see  the  List  of  ISO
                                   639-1 codes.

                               TimeOffset -> (string)
                                   For clip generation or captions that do not
                                   start at the same time  as  the  associated
                                   video  file,  the  TimeOffset tells Elastic
                                   Transcoder how much of the video to  encode
                                   before including captions.

                                   Specify   the   TimeOffset   in   the  form
                                   [+-]SS.sss or [+-]HH:mm:SS.ss.

                               Label -> (string)
                                   The label  of  the  caption  shown  in  the
                                   player  when choosing a language. We recom-
                                   mend that you put the caption language name
                                   here, in the language of the captions.

                               Encryption -> (structure)
                                   The encryption settings, if any, that Elas-
                                   tic Transcoder needs to decyrpt  your  cap-
                                   tion  sources,  or  that  you  want Elastic
                                   Transcoder  to  apply   to   your   caption
                                   sources.

                                   Mode -> (string)
                                      The specific server-side encryption mode
                                      that you want Elastic Transcoder to  use
                                      when  decrypting your input files or en-
                                      crypting  your  output  files.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder  supports  the  following op-
                                      tions:

                                      o s3: Amazon S3 creates and manages  the
                                        keys used for encrypting your files.

                                      o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon
                                        Key Management Service, which  creates
                                        and manages the keys that are used for
                                        encrypting your files. If you  specify
                                        s3-aws-kms  and  you don't want to use
                                        the default  key,  you  must  add  the
                                        AWS-KMS  key  that  you want to use to
                                        your pipeline.

                                      o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A  padded  cipher-block
                                        mode  of operation originally used for
                                        HLS files.

                                      o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                      o aes-gcm: AES Galois  Counter  Mode,  a
                                        mode of operation that is an authenti-
                                        cated encryption format, meaning  that
                                        a  file, key, or initialization vector
                                        that has been tampered with fails  the
                                        decryption process.

                                      For all three AES options, you must pro-
                                      vide the following settings, which  must
                                      be base64-encoded:

                                      o Key

                                      o Key MD5

                                      o Initialization Vector

                                      WARNING:
                                          For  the AES modes, your private en-
                                          cryption keys and  your  unencrypted
                                          data are never stored by AWS; there-
                                          fore,  it  is  important  that   you
                                          safely  manage your encryption keys.
                                          If you lose them, you won't be  able
                                          to unencrypt your data.

                                   Key -> (string)
                                      The  data  encryption  key that you want
                                      Elastic Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt
                                      your  output  file,  or that was used to
                                      encrypt your input file. The key must be
                                      base64-encoded and it must be one of the
                                      following  bit  lengths   before   being
                                      base64-encoded:
                                          128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                      The  key must also be encrypted by using
                                      the Amazon Key Management Service.

                                   KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                      The MD5 digest of the key that you  used
                                      to  encrypt your input file, or that you
                                      want Elastic Transcoder to  use  to  en-
                                      crypt    your   output   file.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder uses  the  key  digest  as  a
                                      checksum  to  make sure your key was not
                                      corrupted in transit. The key  MD5  must
                                      be  base64-encoded,  and  it must be ex-
                                      actly  16  bytes   long   before   being
                                      base64-encoded.

                                   InitializationVector -> (string)
                                      The  series  of random bits created by a
                                      random bit generator, unique  for  every
                                      encryption  operation,  that you used to
                                      encrypt your input  files  or  that  you
                                      want  Elastic  Transcoder  to use to en-
                                      crypt your output files. The initializa-
                                      tion  vector must be base64-encoded, and
                                      it must be exactly 16 bytes long  before
                                      being base64-encoded.

                     DetectedProperties -> (structure)
                        The detected properties of the input file.

                        Width -> (integer)
                            The detected width of the input file, in pixels.

                        Height -> (integer)
                            The detected height of the input file, in pixels.

                        FrameRate -> (string)
                            The  detected  frame  rate  of  the input file, in
                            frames per second.

                        FileSize -> (long)
                            The detected file  size  of  the  input  file,  in
                            bytes.

                        DurationMillis -> (long)
                            The  detected  duration of the input file, in mil-
                            liseconds.

              Output -> (structure)
                 If you specified one output for a job, information about that
                 output. If you specified multiple outputs for a job, the Out-
                 put object lists information about the first output. This du-
                 plicates  the information that is listed for the first output
                 in the Outputs object.

                 WARNING:
                     Outputs recommended instead.

                 A section of the request or response body that  provides  in-
                 formation about the transcoded (target) file.

                 Id -> (string)
                     A sequential counter, starting with 1, that identifies an
                     output among the outputs from the  current  job.  In  the
                     Output syntax, this value is always 1.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  name  to  assign  to  the  transcoded  file. Elastic
                     Transcoder saves the file in the Amazon S3 bucket  speci-
                     fied  by  the OutputBucket object in the pipeline that is
                     specified by the pipeline ID.

                 ThumbnailPattern -> (string)
                     Whether you want Elastic Transcoder to create  thumbnails
                     for  your  videos  and,  if  so,  how  you  want  Elastic
                     Transcoder to name the files.

                     If you don't want Elastic  Transcoder  to  create  thumb-
                     nails, specify "".

                     If  you  do want Elastic Transcoder to create thumbnails,
                     specify the information that you want to include  in  the
                     file name for each thumbnail. You can specify the follow-
                     ing values in any sequence:

                     o ``{count}`` (Required) : If you want to  create  thumb-
                       nails, you must include {count} in the ThumbnailPattern
                       object.  Wherever  you  specify   {count}   ,   Elastic
                       Transcoder adds a five-digit sequence number (beginning
                       with 00001 ) to thumbnail file names. The number  indi-
                       cates  where  a given thumbnail appears in the sequence
                       of thumbnails for a transcoded file.

                     WARNING:
                        If you specify a literal value and/or {resolution} but
                        you  omit {count} , Elastic Transcoder returns a vali-
                        dation error and does not create the job.

                     o Literal values (Optional) :  You  can  specify  literal
                       values anywhere in the ThumbnailPattern object. For ex-
                       ample, you can include them as a file name prefix or as
                       a delimiter between {resolution} and {count} .

                     o ``{resolution}``  (Optional)  :  If  you  want  Elastic
                       Transcoder to include the resolution in the file  name,
                       include {resolution} in the ThumbnailPattern object.

                     When  creating  thumbnails,  Elastic Transcoder automati-
                     cally saves the files in the format (.jpg or  .png)  that
                     appears  in the preset that you specified in the PresetID
                     value of CreateJobOutput . Elastic  Transcoder  also  ap-
                     pends the applicable file name extension.

                 ThumbnailEncryption -> (structure)
                     The  encryption  settings,  if any, that you want Elastic
                     Transcoder to apply to your thumbnail.

                     Mode -> (string)
                        The specific server-side encryption mode that you want
                        Elastic  Transcoder  to use when decrypting your input
                        files  or  encrypting  your  output   files.   Elastic
                        Transcoder supports the following options:

                        o s3:  Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys used for
                          encrypting your files.

                        o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon  Key  Manage-
                          ment  Service,  which  creates  and manages the keys
                          that are used for  encrypting  your  files.  If  you
                          specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use the de-
                          fault key, you must add the  AWS-KMS  key  that  you
                          want to use to your pipeline.

                        o aes-cbc-pkcs7:  A padded cipher-block mode of opera-
                          tion originally used for HLS files.

                        o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                        o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode  of  opera-
                          tion  that  is  an  authenticated encryption format,
                          meaning that a file, key, or  initialization  vector
                          that  has  been  tampered  with fails the decryption
                          process.

                        For all three AES options, you must provide  the  fol-
                        lowing settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                        o Key

                        o Key MD5

                        o Initialization Vector

                        WARNING:
                            For  the  AES  modes, your private encryption keys
                            and your unencrypted data are never stored by AWS;
                            therefore,  it is important that you safely manage
                            your encryption keys. If you lose them, you  won't
                            be able to unencrypt your data.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The   data   encryption  key  that  you  want  Elastic
                        Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file, or that
                        was  used  to encrypt your input file. The key must be
                        base64-encoded and it must be one of the following bit
                        lengths before being base64-encoded:
                            128 , 192 , or 256 .

                        The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon Key
                        Management Service.

                     KeyMd5 -> (string)
                        The MD5 digest of the key that  you  used  to  encrypt
                        your  input  file, or that you want Elastic Transcoder
                        to use to encrypt your output file. Elastic Transcoder
                        uses  the  key  digest as a checksum to make sure your
                        key was not corrupted in transit. The key MD5 must  be
                        base64-encoded,  and  it must be exactly 16 bytes long
                        before being base64-encoded.

                     InitializationVector -> (string)
                        The series of random bits created by a random bit gen-
                        erator,  unique  for  every encryption operation, that
                        you used to encrypt your input files or that you  want
                        Elastic  Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt  your output
                        files. The initialization vector  must  be  base64-en-
                        coded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes long before be-
                        ing base64-encoded.

                 Rotate -> (string)
                     The number of degrees clockwise by which you want Elastic
                     Transcoder  to  rotate  the output relative to the input.
                     Enter one of the following values:
                        auto , 0 , 90 , 180 , 270

                     The value auto generally works  only  if  the  file  that
                     you're transcoding contains rotation metadata.

                 PresetId -> (string)
                     The  value  of the Id object for the preset that you want
                     to use for this job. The  preset  determines  the  audio,
                     video,  and  thumbnail  settings  that Elastic Transcoder
                     uses for transcoding. To use a preset that  you  created,
                     specify the preset ID that Elastic Transcoder returned in
                     the response when you created the preset.  You  can  also
                     use  the Elastic Transcoder system presets, which you can
                     get with ListPresets .

                 SegmentDuration -> (string)

                     WARNING:
                        (Outputs in Fragmented MP4 or MPEG-TS format only.

                     If you specify a preset in PresetId for which  the  value
                     of  Container  is  fmp4 (Fragmented MP4) or ts (MPEG-TS),
                     SegmentDuration is the target maximum  duration  of  each
                     segment  in seconds. For HLSv3 format playlists, each me-
                     dia segment is stored in a separate .ts file. For HLSv4 ,
                     MPEG-DASH  , and Smooth playlists, all media segments for
                     an output are stored in a single file.  Each  segment  is
                     approximately  the length of the SegmentDuration , though
                     individual segments might be shorter or longer.

                     The range of valid values is 1 to 60 seconds. If the  du-
                     ration of the video is not evenly divisible by SegmentDu-
                     ration , the duration of the last segment is the  remain-
                     der of total length/SegmentDuration.

                     Elastic  Transcoder  creates  an output-specific playlist
                     for each output HLS  output  that  you  specify  in  Out-
                     putKeys. To add an output to the master playlist for this
                     job, include it  in  the  OutputKeys  of  the  associated
                     playlist.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The  status of one output in a job. If you specified only
                     one output for the job, Outputs:Status is always the same
                     as Job:Status . If you specified more than one output:

                     o Job:Status and Outputs:Status for all of the outputs is
                       Submitted until Elastic Transcoder  starts  to  process
                       the first output.

                     o When  Elastic  Transcoder  starts  to process the first
                       output, Outputs:Status for that output  and  Job:Status
                       both  change to Progressing. For each output, the value
                       of  Outputs:Status  remains  Submitted  until   Elastic
                       Transcoder starts to process the output.

                     o Job:Status remains Progressing until all of the outputs
                       reach a terminal status, either Complete or Error.

                     o When all  of  the  outputs  reach  a  terminal  status,
                       Job:Status  changes  to Complete only if Outputs:Status
                       for all of the outputs is Complete . If  Outputs:Status
                       for  one or more outputs is Error , the terminal status
                       for Job:Status is also Error .

                     The value of Status is one of the following: Submitted  ,
                     Progressing , Complete , Canceled , or Error .

                 StatusDetail -> (string)
                     Information that further explains Status .

                 Duration -> (long)
                     Duration of the output file, in seconds.

                 Width -> (integer)
                     Specifies the width of the output file in pixels.

                 Height -> (integer)
                     Height of the output file, in pixels.

                 FrameRate -> (string)
                     Frame rate of the output file, in frames per second.

                 FileSize -> (long)
                     File size of the output file, in bytes.

                 DurationMillis -> (long)
                     Duration of the output file, in milliseconds.

                 Watermarks -> (list)
                     Information  about  the  watermarks that you want Elastic
                     Transcoder to add to the video  during  transcoding.  You
                     can  specify  up to four watermarks for each output. Set-
                     tings for each watermark must be defined  in  the  preset
                     that you specify in Preset for the current output.

                     Watermarks  are added to the output video in the sequence
                     in which you list them in the job outputthe first  water-
                     mark  in the list is added to the output video first, the
                     second watermark in the list is added next, and so on. As
                     a  result,  if  the  settings  in  a preset cause Elastic
                     Transcoder to place all watermarks in the same  location,
                     the  second  watermark that you add covers the first one,
                     the third one covers the second, and the fourth one  cov-
                     ers the third.

                     (structure)
                        Watermarks  can be in .png or .jpg format. If you want
                        to display a watermark that is  not  rectangular,  use
                        the .png format, which supports transparency.

                        PresetWatermarkId -> (string)
                            The  ID  of  the  watermark  settings that Elastic
                            Transcoder uses to add  watermarks  to  the  video
                            during transcoding. The settings are in the preset
                            specified by Preset for  the  current  output.  In
                            that  preset,  the  value  of  Watermarks Id tells
                            Elastic Transcoder which settings to use.

                        InputKey -> (string)
                            The name of the .png or .jpg file that you want to
                            use  for  the watermark. To determine which Amazon
                            S3 bucket contains  the  specified  file,  Elastic
                            Transcoder  checks the pipeline specified by Pipe-
                            line ; the Input Bucket object  in  that  pipeline
                            identifies the bucket.

                            If  the  file name includes a prefix, for example,
                            logos/128x64.png , include the prefix in the  key.
                            If the file isn't in the specified bucket, Elastic
                            Transcoder returns an error.

                        Encryption -> (structure)
                            The encryption settings, if  any,  that  you  want
                            Elastic Transcoder to apply to your watermarks.

                            Mode -> (string)
                               The  specific  server-side encryption mode that
                               you want Elastic Transcoder  to  use  when  de-
                               crypting  your  input  files or encrypting your
                               output files. Elastic Transcoder  supports  the
                               following options:

                               o s3:  Amazon  S3  creates and manages the keys
                                 used for encrypting your files.

                               o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls  the  Amazon  Key
                                 Management Service, which creates and manages
                                 the keys that are used  for  encrypting  your
                                 files.  If  you  specify  s3-aws-kms  and you
                                 don't want to use the default key,  you  must
                                 add  the  AWS-KMS key that you want to use to
                                 your pipeline.

                               o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode  of
                                 operation originally used for HLS files.

                               o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                               o aes-gcm:  AES  Galois Counter Mode, a mode of
                                 operation that is an authenticated encryption
                                 format, meaning that a file, key, or initial-
                                 ization vector that has  been  tampered  with
                                 fails the decryption process.

                               For all three AES options, you must provide the
                               following settings, which  must  be  base64-en-
                               coded:

                               o Key

                               o Key MD5

                               o Initialization Vector

                               WARNING:
                                   For  the AES modes, your private encryption
                                   keys and your unencrypted  data  are  never
                                   stored  by  AWS; therefore, it is important
                                   that  you  safely  manage  your  encryption
                                   keys.  If  you lose them, you won't be able
                                   to unencrypt your data.

                            Key -> (string)
                               The data encryption key that you  want  Elastic
                               Transcoder  to use to encrypt your output file,
                               or that was used to encrypt  your  input  file.
                               The  key  must be base64-encoded and it must be
                               one of the following bit lengths  before  being
                               base64-encoded:
                                   128 , 192 , or 256 .

                               The  key  must  also  be encrypted by using the
                               Amazon Key Management Service.

                            KeyMd5 -> (string)
                               The MD5 digest of the key that you used to  en-
                               crypt your input file, or that you want Elastic
                               Transcoder to use to encrypt your output  file.
                               Elastic  Transcoder  uses  the  key digest as a
                               checksum to make sure your  key  was  not  cor-
                               rupted   in   transit.  The  key  MD5  must  be
                               base64-encoded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes
                               long before being base64-encoded.

                            InitializationVector -> (string)
                               The  series  of random bits created by a random
                               bit generator, unique for every encryption  op-
                               eration,  that  you  used to encrypt your input
                               files or that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to
                               use  to encrypt your output files. The initial-
                               ization vector must be base64-encoded,  and  it
                               must  be  exactly  16  bytes  long before being
                               base64-encoded.

                 AlbumArt -> (structure)
                     The album art to be associated with the output  file,  if
                     any.

                     MergePolicy -> (string)
                        A  policy  that determines how Elastic Transcoder han-
                        dles the existence of multiple album artwork files.

                        o Replace: The specified album art replaces any exist-
                          ing album art.

                        o Prepend:  The specified album art is placed in front
                          of any existing album art.

                        o Append: The specified album art is placed after  any
                          existing album art.

                        o Fallback:  If  the original input file contains art-
                          work, Elastic Transcoder uses that artwork  for  the
                          output.  If the original input does not contain art-
                          work, Elastic Transcoder uses  the  specified  album
                          art file.

                     Artwork -> (list)
                        The  file to be used as album art. There can be multi-
                        ple artworks associated with an audio file, to a maxi-
                        mum of 20. Valid formats are .jpg and .png

                        (structure)
                            The  file  to  be  used as album art. There can be
                            multiple artworks associated with an  audio  file,
                            to a maximum of 20.

                            To  remove artwork or leave the artwork empty, you
                            can either set Artwork to null, or set  the  Merge
                            Policy  to  "Replace" and use an empty Artwork ar-
                            ray.

                            To pass through existing  artwork  unchanged,  set
                            the Merge Policy to "Prepend", "Append", or "Fall-
                            back", and use an empty Artwork array.

                            InputKey -> (string)
                               The name of the file to be used as  album  art.
                               To  determine  which  Amazon S3 bucket contains
                               the specified file, Elastic  Transcoder  checks
                               the  pipeline specified by PipelineId ; the In-
                               putBucket object in  that  pipeline  identifies
                               the bucket.

                               If  the  file name includes a prefix, for exam-
                               ple, cooking/pie.jpg , include  the  prefix  in
                               the  key.  If  the  file isn't in the specified
                               bucket, Elastic Transcoder returns an error.

                            MaxWidth -> (string)
                               The maximum width of the output  album  art  in
                               pixels.   If   you   specify   auto  ,  Elastic
                               Transcoder uses 600 as the  default  value.  If
                               you  specify a numeric value, enter an even in-
                               teger between 32 and 4096, inclusive.

                            MaxHeight -> (string)
                               The maximum height of the output album  art  in
                               pixels.   If   you   specify   auto  ,  Elastic
                               Transcoder uses 600 as the  default  value.  If
                               you  specify a numeric value, enter an even in-
                               teger between 32 and 3072, inclusive.

                            SizingPolicy -> (string)
                               Specify one of the following values to  control
                               scaling of the output album art:

                               o Fit: Elastic Transcoder scales the output art
                                 so it matches the value that you specified in
                                 either  MaxWidth or MaxHeight without exceed-
                                 ing the other value.

                               o Fill: Elastic Transcoder  scales  the  output
                                 art  so  it matches the value that you speci-
                                 fied in  either  MaxWidth  or  MaxHeight  and
                                 matches  or  exceeds the other value. Elastic
                                 Transcoder centers the output  art  and  then
                                 crops  it  in the dimension (if any) that ex-
                                 ceeds the maximum value.

                               o Stretch:  Elastic  Transcoder  stretches  the
                                 output art to match the values that you spec-
                                 ified for MaxWidth and  MaxHeight  .  If  the
                                 relative proportions of the input art and the
                                 output art are different, the output art will
                                 be distorted.

                               o Keep:  Elastic  Transcoder does not scale the
                                 output art. If either dimension of the  input
                                 art exceeds the values that you specified for
                                 MaxWidth and MaxHeight ,  Elastic  Transcoder
                                 crops the output art.

                               o ShrinkToFit:  Elastic  Transcoder  scales the
                                 output art down so that its dimensions  match
                                 the  values  that  you specified for at least
                                 one of MaxWidth and MaxHeight without exceed-
                                 ing either value. If you specify this option,
                                 Elastic Transcoder does not scale the art up.

                               o ShrinkToFill Elastic  Transcoder  scales  the
                                 output  art down so that its dimensions match
                                 the values that you specified  for  at  least
                                 one  of  MaxWidth and MaxHeight without drop-
                                 ping below either value. If you specify  this
                                 option, Elastic Transcoder does not scale the
                                 art up.

                            PaddingPolicy -> (string)
                               When you set PaddingPolicy  to  Pad  ,  Elastic
                               Transcoder  may  add  white bars to the top and
                               bottom and/or left and right sides of the  out-
                               put  album  art  to  make the total size of the
                               output art match the values that you  specified
                               for MaxWidth and MaxHeight .

                            AlbumArtFormat -> (string)
                               The  format of album art, if any. Valid formats
                               are .jpg and .png .

                            Encryption -> (structure)
                               The encryption settings, if any, that you  want
                               Elastic Transcoder to apply to your artwork.

                               Mode -> (string)
                                   The  specific  server-side  encryption mode
                                   that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use
                                   when  decrypting  your  input  files or en-
                                   crypting   your   output   files.   Elastic
                                   Transcoder supports the following options:

                                   o s3:  Amazon  S3  creates  and manages the
                                     keys used for encrypting your files.

                                   o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3  calls  the  Amazon
                                     Key Management Service, which creates and
                                     manages the keys that are  used  for  en-
                                     crypting   your  files.  If  you  specify
                                     s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use  the
                                     default key, you must add the AWS-KMS key
                                     that you want to use to your pipeline.

                                   o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode
                                     of  operation  originally  used  for  HLS
                                     files.

                                   o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                   o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a  mode
                                     of operation that is an authenticated en-
                                     cryption format,  meaning  that  a  file,
                                     key,  or  initialization  vector that has
                                     been tampered with fails  the  decryption
                                     process.

                                   For all three AES options, you must provide
                                   the  following  settings,  which  must   be
                                   base64-encoded:

                                   o Key

                                   o Key MD5

                                   o Initialization Vector

                                   WARNING:
                                      For  the AES modes, your private encryp-
                                      tion keys and your unencrypted data  are
                                      never  stored  by  AWS; therefore, it is
                                      important that you  safely  manage  your
                                      encryption  keys.  If you lose them, you
                                      won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The data encryption key that you want Elas-
                                   tic  Transcoder to use to encrypt your out-
                                   put file, or that was used to encrypt  your
                                   input  file. The key must be base64-encoded
                                   and it must be one  of  the  following  bit
                                   lengths before being base64-encoded:
                                      128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                   The key must also be encrypted by using the
                                   Amazon Key Management Service.

                               KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                   The MD5 digest of the key that you used  to
                                   encrypt  your  input file, or that you want
                                   Elastic Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your
                                   output  file.  Elastic  Transcoder uses the
                                   key digest as a checksum to make sure  your
                                   key  was  not corrupted in transit. The key
                                   MD5 must be base64-encoded, and it must  be
                                   exactly   16   bytes   long   before  being
                                   base64-encoded.

                               InitializationVector -> (string)
                                   The series of random bits created by a ran-
                                   dom bit generator, unique for every encryp-
                                   tion operation, that you  used  to  encrypt
                                   your  input  files or that you want Elastic
                                   Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your  output
                                   files.  The  initialization  vector must be
                                   base64-encoded, and it must be  exactly  16
                                   bytes long before being base64-encoded.

                 Composition -> (list)
                     You  can  create  an output file that contains an excerpt
                     from the input file. This excerpt,  called  a  clip,  can
                     come  from the beginning, middle, or end of the file. The
                     Composition object contains settings for the  clips  that
                     make  up an output file. For the current release, you can
                     only specify settings for a single clip per output  file.
                     The Composition object cannot be null.

                     (structure)
                        Settings  for one clip in a composition. All jobs in a
                        playlist must have the same clip settings.

                        TimeSpan -> (structure)
                            Settings that determine when a clip begins and how
                            long it lasts.

                            StartTime -> (string)
                               The  place  in  the input file where you want a
                               clip  to  start.  The  format  can  be   either
                               HH:mm:ss.SSS  (maximum value: 23:59:59.999; SSS
                               is thousandths of a second) or sssss.SSS (maxi-
                               mum  value:  86399.999). If you don't specify a
                               value, Elastic Transcoder starts at the  begin-
                               ning of the input file.

                            Duration -> (string)
                               The duration of the clip. The format can be ei-
                               ther HH:mm:ss.SSS (maximum value: 23:59:59.999;
                               SSS  is  thousandths  of a second) or sssss.SSS
                               (maximum value: 86399.999). If you don't  spec-
                               ify a value, Elastic Transcoder creates an out-
                               put file from StartTime to the end of the file.

                               If you specify a value longer than the duration
                               of   the   input   file,   Elastic   Transcoder
                               transcodes the file and returns a warning  mes-
                               sage.

                 Captions -> (structure)
                     You  can  configure  Elastic Transcoder to transcode cap-
                     tions, or subtitles, from one format to another. All cap-
                     tions  must  be in UTF-8. Elastic Transcoder supports two
                     types of captions:

                     o Embedded: Embedded captions are included  in  the  same
                       file  as  the  audio and video. Elastic Transcoder sup-
                       ports only one embedded caption per language, to a max-
                       imum  of  300  embedded  captions per file. Valid input
                       values include:  CEA-608  (EIA-608  ,  first  non-empty
                       channel only), CEA-708 (EIA-708 , first non-empty chan-
                       nel  only),  and  mov-text    Valid  outputs   include:
                       mov-text   Elastic Transcoder supports a maximum of one
                       embedded format per output.

                     o Sidecar: Sidecar captions are kept in a separate  meta-
                       data  file  from the audio and video data. Sidecar cap-
                       tions require a player that is capable of understanding
                       the relationship between the video file and the sidecar
                       file. Elastic Transcoder supports only one sidecar cap-
                       tion  per language, to a maximum of 20 sidecar captions
                       per file. Valid input values include: dfxp  (first  div
                       element  only), ebu-tt , scc , smpt , srt , ttml (first
                       div element only), and webvtt   Valid outputs  include:
                       dfxp (first div element only), scc , srt , and webvtt .

                     If you want ttml or smpte-tt compatible captions, specify
                     dfxp as your output format.

                     Elastic Transcoder does not support OCR (Optical  Charac-
                     ter Recognition), does not accept pictures as a valid in-
                     put for captions, and is  not  available  for  audio-only
                     transcoding.  Elastic  Transcoder  does not preserve text
                     formatting (for example, italics) during the  transcoding
                     process.

                     To  remove captions or leave the captions empty, set Cap-
                     tions to null. To  pass  through  existing  captions  un-
                     changed, set the MergePolicy to MergeRetain , and pass in
                     a null CaptionSources array.

                     For more information on embedded files, see the Subtitles
                     Wikipedia page.

                     For more information on sidecar files, see the Extensible
                     Metadata Platform and Sidecar file Wikipedia pages.

                     MergePolicy -> (string)
                        A policy that determines how Elastic  Transcoder  han-
                        dles the existence of multiple captions.

                        o MergeOverride:  Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes both
                          embedded and sidecar captions into outputs. If  cap-
                          tions  for a language are embedded in the input file
                          and  also  appear  in  a   sidecar   file,   Elastic
                          Transcoder uses the sidecar captions and ignores the
                          embedded captions for that language.

                        o MergeRetain: Elastic Transcoder transcodes both  em-
                          bedded  and  sidecar  captions into outputs. If cap-
                          tions for a language are embedded in the input  file
                          and   also   appear   in  a  sidecar  file,  Elastic
                          Transcoder uses the embedded  captions  and  ignores
                          the  sidecar captions for that language. If Caption-
                          Sources is empty, Elastic Transcoder omits all side-
                          car captions from the output files.

                        o Override:  Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes  only the
                          sidecar captions that you specify in  CaptionSources
                          .
                            MergePolicy cannot be null.

                     CaptionSources -> (list)
                        Source  files for the input sidecar captions used dur-
                        ing the transcoding process. To omit all sidecar  cap-
                        tions, leave CaptionSources blank.

                        (structure)
                            A  source file for the input sidecar captions used
                            during the transcoding process.

                            Key -> (string)
                               The name of the sidecar caption file  that  you
                               want  Elastic Transcoder to include in the out-
                               put file.

                            Language -> (string)
                               A string that specifies  the  language  of  the
                               caption.  If you specified multiple inputs with
                               captions, the caption language  must  match  in
                               order  to  be  included  in the output. Specify
                               this as one of:

                               o 2-character ISO 639-1 code

                               o 3-character ISO 639-2 code

                               For more information on ISO language codes  and
                               language  names,  see  the  List  of  ISO 639-1
                               codes.

                            TimeOffset -> (string)
                               For clip generation or  captions  that  do  not
                               start  at the same time as the associated video
                               file, the TimeOffset tells  Elastic  Transcoder
                               how  much of the video to encode before includ-
                               ing captions.

                               Specify the TimeOffset in the  form  [+-]SS.sss
                               or [+-]HH:mm:SS.ss.

                            Label -> (string)
                               The  label  of  the caption shown in the player
                               when choosing a language. We recommend that you
                               put the caption language name here, in the lan-
                               guage of the captions.

                            Encryption -> (structure)
                               The encryption settings, if any,  that  Elastic
                               Transcoder   needs   to  decyrpt  your  caption
                               sources, or that you want Elastic Transcoder to
                               apply to your caption sources.

                               Mode -> (string)
                                   The  specific  server-side  encryption mode
                                   that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use
                                   when  decrypting  your  input  files or en-
                                   crypting   your   output   files.   Elastic
                                   Transcoder supports the following options:

                                   o s3:  Amazon  S3  creates  and manages the
                                     keys used for encrypting your files.

                                   o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3  calls  the  Amazon
                                     Key Management Service, which creates and
                                     manages the keys that are  used  for  en-
                                     crypting   your  files.  If  you  specify
                                     s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use  the
                                     default key, you must add the AWS-KMS key
                                     that you want to use to your pipeline.

                                   o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode
                                     of  operation  originally  used  for  HLS
                                     files.

                                   o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                   o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a  mode
                                     of operation that is an authenticated en-
                                     cryption format,  meaning  that  a  file,
                                     key,  or  initialization  vector that has
                                     been tampered with fails  the  decryption
                                     process.

                                   For all three AES options, you must provide
                                   the  following  settings,  which  must   be
                                   base64-encoded:

                                   o Key

                                   o Key MD5

                                   o Initialization Vector

                                   WARNING:
                                      For  the AES modes, your private encryp-
                                      tion keys and your unencrypted data  are
                                      never  stored  by  AWS; therefore, it is
                                      important that you  safely  manage  your
                                      encryption  keys.  If you lose them, you
                                      won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The data encryption key that you want Elas-
                                   tic  Transcoder to use to encrypt your out-
                                   put file, or that was used to encrypt  your
                                   input  file. The key must be base64-encoded
                                   and it must be one  of  the  following  bit
                                   lengths before being base64-encoded:
                                      128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                   The key must also be encrypted by using the
                                   Amazon Key Management Service.

                               KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                   The MD5 digest of the key that you used  to
                                   encrypt  your  input file, or that you want
                                   Elastic Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your
                                   output  file.  Elastic  Transcoder uses the
                                   key digest as a checksum to make sure  your
                                   key  was  not corrupted in transit. The key
                                   MD5 must be base64-encoded, and it must  be
                                   exactly   16   bytes   long   before  being
                                   base64-encoded.

                               InitializationVector -> (string)
                                   The series of random bits created by a ran-
                                   dom bit generator, unique for every encryp-
                                   tion operation, that you  used  to  encrypt
                                   your  input  files or that you want Elastic
                                   Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your  output
                                   files.  The  initialization  vector must be
                                   base64-encoded, and it must be  exactly  16
                                   bytes long before being base64-encoded.

                     CaptionFormats -> (list)
                        The  array of file formats for the output captions. If
                        you leave this value blank, Elastic Transcoder returns
                        an error.

                        (structure)
                            The  file  format  of  the output captions. If you
                            leave this value blank, Elastic Transcoder returns
                            an error.

                            Format -> (string)
                               The format you specify determines whether Elas-
                               tic Transcoder generates an embedded or sidecar
                               caption for this output.

                               o Valid Embedded Caption Formats:

                                 o for FLAC : None

                                 o For MP3 : None

                                 o For MP4 : mov-text

                                 o For MPEG-TS : None

                                 o For ogg : None

                                 o For webm : None

                               o Valid   Sidecar   Caption   Formats:  Elastic
                                 Transcoder supports dfxp (first  div  element
                                 only), scc, srt, and webvtt. If you want ttml
                                 or smpte-tt compatible captions, specify dfxp
                                 as your output format.

                                 o For FMP4 : dfxp

                                 o Non-FMP4 outputs : All sidecar types
                                   fmp4 captions have an extension of .ismt

                            Pattern -> (string)
                               The  prefix  for caption filenames, in the form
                               description -{language} , where:

                               o description is a description of the video.

                               o {language} is a literal  value  that  Elastic
                                 Transcoder   replaces   with   the   two-  or
                                 three-letter code for  the  language  of  the
                                 caption in the output file names.

                               If  you  don't  include  {language} in the file
                               name pattern, Elastic Transcoder  automatically
                               appends  "{language}  "  to  the value that you
                               specify for the description. In addition, Elas-
                               tic  Transcoder automatically appends the count
                               to the end of the segment files.

                               For example, suppose  you're  transcoding  into
                               srt   format.   When  you  enter  "Sydney-{lan-
                               guage}-sunrise", and the language of  the  cap-
                               tions  is  English  (en), the name of the first
                               caption file is be Sydney-en-sunrise00000.srt.

                            Encryption -> (structure)
                               The encryption settings, if any, that you  want
                               Elastic  Transcoder  to  apply  to your caption
                               formats.

                               Mode -> (string)
                                   The specific  server-side  encryption  mode
                                   that  you  want  Elastic  Transcoder to use
                                   when decrypting your  input  files  or  en-
                                   crypting   your   output   files.   Elastic
                                   Transcoder supports the following options:

                                   o s3: Amazon S3  creates  and  manages  the
                                     keys used for encrypting your files.

                                   o s3-aws-kms:  Amazon  S3  calls the Amazon
                                     Key Management Service, which creates and
                                     manages  the  keys  that are used for en-
                                     crypting  your  files.  If  you   specify
                                     s3-aws-kms  and you don't want to use the
                                     default key, you must add the AWS-KMS key
                                     that you want to use to your pipeline.

                                   o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode
                                     of  operation  originally  used  for  HLS
                                     files.

                                   o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                   o aes-gcm:  AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode
                                     of operation that is an authenticated en-
                                     cryption  format,  meaning  that  a file,
                                     key, or initialization  vector  that  has
                                     been  tampered  with fails the decryption
                                     process.

                                   For all three AES options, you must provide
                                   the   following  settings,  which  must  be
                                   base64-encoded:

                                   o Key

                                   o Key MD5

                                   o Initialization Vector

                                   WARNING:
                                      For the AES modes, your private  encryp-
                                      tion  keys and your unencrypted data are
                                      never stored by AWS;  therefore,  it  is
                                      important  that  you  safely manage your
                                      encryption keys. If you lose  them,  you
                                      won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The data encryption key that you want Elas-
                                   tic Transcoder to use to encrypt your  out-
                                   put  file, or that was used to encrypt your
                                   input file. The key must be  base64-encoded
                                   and  it  must  be  one of the following bit
                                   lengths before being base64-encoded:
                                      128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                   The key must also be encrypted by using the
                                   Amazon Key Management Service.

                               KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                   The  MD5 digest of the key that you used to
                                   encrypt your input file, or that  you  want
                                   Elastic  Transcoder  to use to encrypt your
                                   output file. Elastic  Transcoder  uses  the
                                   key  digest as a checksum to make sure your
                                   key was not corrupted in transit.  The  key
                                   MD5  must be base64-encoded, and it must be
                                   exactly  16   bytes   long   before   being
                                   base64-encoded.

                               InitializationVector -> (string)
                                   The series of random bits created by a ran-
                                   dom bit generator, unique for every encryp-
                                   tion  operation,  that  you used to encrypt
                                   your input files or that you  want  Elastic
                                   Transcoder  to  use  to encrypt your output
                                   files. The initialization  vector  must  be
                                   base64-encoded,  and  it must be exactly 16
                                   bytes long before being base64-encoded.

                 Encryption -> (structure)
                     The encryption settings, if any, that  you  want  Elastic
                     Transcoder  to  apply to your output files. If you choose
                     to use encryption, you must specify a mode to use. If you
                     choose  not  to use encryption, Elastic Transcoder writes
                     an unencrypted file to your Amazon S3 bucket.

                     Mode -> (string)
                        The specific server-side encryption mode that you want
                        Elastic  Transcoder  to use when decrypting your input
                        files  or  encrypting  your  output   files.   Elastic
                        Transcoder supports the following options:

                        o s3:  Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys used for
                          encrypting your files.

                        o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon  Key  Manage-
                          ment  Service,  which  creates  and manages the keys
                          that are used for  encrypting  your  files.  If  you
                          specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use the de-
                          fault key, you must add the  AWS-KMS  key  that  you
                          want to use to your pipeline.

                        o aes-cbc-pkcs7:  A padded cipher-block mode of opera-
                          tion originally used for HLS files.

                        o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                        o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode  of  opera-
                          tion  that  is  an  authenticated encryption format,
                          meaning that a file, key, or  initialization  vector
                          that  has  been  tampered  with fails the decryption
                          process.

                        For all three AES options, you must provide  the  fol-
                        lowing settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                        o Key

                        o Key MD5

                        o Initialization Vector

                        WARNING:
                            For  the  AES  modes, your private encryption keys
                            and your unencrypted data are never stored by AWS;
                            therefore,  it is important that you safely manage
                            your encryption keys. If you lose them, you  won't
                            be able to unencrypt your data.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The   data   encryption  key  that  you  want  Elastic
                        Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file, or that
                        was  used  to encrypt your input file. The key must be
                        base64-encoded and it must be one of the following bit
                        lengths before being base64-encoded:
                            128 , 192 , or 256 .

                        The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon Key
                        Management Service.

                     KeyMd5 -> (string)
                        The MD5 digest of the key that  you  used  to  encrypt
                        your  input  file, or that you want Elastic Transcoder
                        to use to encrypt your output file. Elastic Transcoder
                        uses  the  key  digest as a checksum to make sure your
                        key was not corrupted in transit. The key MD5 must  be
                        base64-encoded,  and  it must be exactly 16 bytes long
                        before being base64-encoded.

                     InitializationVector -> (string)
                        The series of random bits created by a random bit gen-
                        erator,  unique  for  every encryption operation, that
                        you used to encrypt your input files or that you  want
                        Elastic  Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt  your output
                        files. The initialization vector  must  be  base64-en-
                        coded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes long before be-
                        ing base64-encoded.

                 AppliedColorSpaceConversion -> (string)
                     If Elastic Transcoder used a preset with a ColorSpaceCon-
                     versionMode to transcode the output file, the AppliedCol-
                     orSpaceConversion parameter shows the conversion used. If
                     no  ColorSpaceConversionMode  was  defined in the preset,
                     this parameter is not be included in the job response.

              Outputs -> (list)
                 Information about the output files. We recommend that you use
                 the  Outputs  syntax for all jobs, even when you want Elastic
                 Transcoder to transcode a file into only one format.  Do  not
                 use both the Outputs and Output syntaxes in the same request.
                 You can create a maximum of 30 outputs per job.

                 If you specify more  than  one  output  for  a  job,  Elastic
                 Transcoder  creates the files for each output in the order in
                 which you specify them in the job.

                 (structure)

                     WARNING:
                        Outputs recommended instead.

                     If you specified one output for a job, information  about
                     that output. If you specified multiple outputs for a job,
                     the Output object lists information about the first  out-
                     put.  This  duplicates the information that is listed for
                     the first output in the Outputs object.

                     Id -> (string)
                        A sequential counter, starting with 1, that identifies
                        an  output  among the outputs from the current job. In
                        the Output syntax, this value is always 1.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The name to assign to  the  transcoded  file.  Elastic
                        Transcoder  saves  the  file  in  the Amazon S3 bucket
                        specified by the OutputBucket object in  the  pipeline
                        that is specified by the pipeline ID.

                     ThumbnailPattern -> (string)
                        Whether  you  want Elastic Transcoder to create thumb-
                        nails for your videos and, if so, how you want Elastic
                        Transcoder to name the files.

                        If  you don't want Elastic Transcoder to create thumb-
                        nails, specify "".

                        If you do want Elastic  Transcoder  to  create  thumb-
                        nails,  specify  the  information that you want to in-
                        clude in the file name for  each  thumbnail.  You  can
                        specify the following values in any sequence:

                        o ``{count}``  (Required)  :  If  you  want  to create
                          thumbnails, you must include {count} in  the  Thumb-
                          nailPattern  object.  Wherever you specify {count} ,
                          Elastic Transcoder adds a five-digit sequence number
                          (beginning with 00001 ) to thumbnail file names. The
                          number indicates where a given thumbnail appears  in
                          the sequence of thumbnails for a transcoded file.

                        WARNING:
                            If you specify a literal value and/or {resolution}
                            but you omit {count} , Elastic Transcoder  returns
                            a validation error and does not create the job.

                        o Literal  values (Optional) : You can specify literal
                          values anywhere in the ThumbnailPattern object.  For
                          example,  you can include them as a file name prefix
                          or as a delimiter between {resolution} and {count} .

                        o ``{resolution}`` (Optional) : If  you  want  Elastic
                          Transcoder  to  include  the  resolution in the file
                          name, include {resolution} in  the  ThumbnailPattern
                          object.

                        When creating thumbnails, Elastic Transcoder automati-
                        cally saves the files in the  format  (.jpg  or  .png)
                        that  appears  in the preset that you specified in the
                        PresetID value of CreateJobOutput . Elastic Transcoder
                        also appends the applicable file name extension.

                     ThumbnailEncryption -> (structure)
                        The encryption settings, if any, that you want Elastic
                        Transcoder to apply to your thumbnail.

                        Mode -> (string)
                            The specific server-side encryption mode that  you
                            want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use when decrypting
                            your input files or encrypting your output  files.
                            Elastic Transcoder supports the following options:

                            o s3:  Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys used
                              for encrypting your files.

                            o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon Key  Man-
                              agement  Service,  which creates and manages the
                              keys that are used for encrypting your files. If
                              you specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use
                              the default key, you must add  the  AWS-KMS  key
                              that you want to use to your pipeline.

                            o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode of op-
                              eration originally used for HLS files.

                            o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                            o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode of  op-
                              eration that is an authenticated encryption for-
                              mat, meaning that a file, key, or initialization
                              vector that has been tampered with fails the de-
                              cryption process.

                            For all three AES options, you  must  provide  the
                            following settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                            o Key

                            o Key MD5

                            o Initialization Vector

                            WARNING:
                               For the AES modes, your private encryption keys
                               and your unencrypted data are never  stored  by
                               AWS; therefore, it is important that you safely
                               manage your encryption keys. If you lose  them,
                               you won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The  data  encryption  key  that  you want Elastic
                            Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file,  or
                            that  was used to encrypt your input file. The key
                            must be base64-encoded and it must be one  of  the
                            following bit lengths before being base64-encoded:
                               128 , 192 , or 256 .

                            The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon
                            Key Management Service.

                        KeyMd5 -> (string)
                            The MD5 digest of the key that you used to encrypt
                            your   input   file,  or  that  you  want  Elastic
                            Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your  output  file.
                            Elastic Transcoder uses the key digest as a check-
                            sum to make sure your key  was  not  corrupted  in
                            transit.  The  key MD5 must be base64-encoded, and
                            it must be exactly  16  bytes  long  before  being
                            base64-encoded.

                        InitializationVector -> (string)
                            The  series of random bits created by a random bit
                            generator, unique for every encryption  operation,
                            that  you used to encrypt your input files or that
                            you want Elastic Transcoder to use to encrypt your
                            output  files.  The  initialization vector must be
                            base64-encoded, and it must be  exactly  16  bytes
                            long before being base64-encoded.

                     Rotate -> (string)
                        The  number  of  degrees  clockwise  by which you want
                        Elastic Transcoder to rotate the  output  relative  to
                        the input. Enter one of the following values:
                            auto , 0 , 90 , 180 , 270

                        The  value  auto generally works only if the file that
                        you're transcoding contains rotation metadata.

                     PresetId -> (string)
                        The value of the Id object for  the  preset  that  you
                        want  to  use  for this job. The preset determines the
                        audio, video,  and  thumbnail  settings  that  Elastic
                        Transcoder  uses for transcoding. To use a preset that
                        you  created,  specify  the  preset  ID  that  Elastic
                        Transcoder  returned  in the response when you created
                        the preset. You can also use  the  Elastic  Transcoder
                        system presets, which you can get with ListPresets .

                     SegmentDuration -> (string)

                        WARNING:
                            (Outputs in Fragmented MP4 or MPEG-TS format only.

                        If  you  specify  a  preset  in PresetId for which the
                        value of Container is  fmp4  (Fragmented  MP4)  or  ts
                        (MPEG-TS), SegmentDuration is the target maximum dura-
                        tion of each segment  in  seconds.  For  HLSv3  format
                        playlists,  each media segment is stored in a separate
                        .ts  file.  For  HLSv4  ,  MPEG-DASH  ,   and   Smooth
                        playlists, all media segments for an output are stored
                        in a single file. Each segment  is  approximately  the
                        length of the SegmentDuration , though individual seg-
                        ments might be shorter or longer.

                        The range of valid values is 1 to 60 seconds.  If  the
                        duration  of the video is not evenly divisible by Seg-
                        mentDuration , the duration of the last segment is the
                        remainder of total length/SegmentDuration.

                        Elastic Transcoder creates an output-specific playlist
                        for each output HLS output that you  specify  in  Out-
                        putKeys.  To  add an output to the master playlist for
                        this job, include it in the OutputKeys of the  associ-
                        ated playlist.

                     Status -> (string)
                        The  status  of  one output in a job. If you specified
                        only one output for the job, Outputs:Status is  always
                        the  same  as  Job:Status . If you specified more than
                        one output:

                        o Job:Status and Outputs:Status for all of the outputs
                          is  Submitted  until  Elastic  Transcoder  starts to
                          process the first output.

                        o When Elastic Transcoder starts to process the  first
                          output,  Outputs:Status for that output and Job:Sta-
                          tus both change to Progressing. For each output, the
                          value  of  Outputs:Status  remains  Submitted  until
                          Elastic Transcoder starts to process the output.

                        o Job:Status remains Progressing until all of the out-
                          puts reach a terminal status, either Complete or Er-
                          ror.

                        o When all of the outputs  reach  a  terminal  status,
                          Job:Status  changes to Complete only if Outputs:Sta-
                          tus for all of the outputs is  Complete  .  If  Out-
                          puts:Status  for  one or more outputs is Error , the
                          terminal status for Job:Status is also Error .

                        The value of Status is one of the following: Submitted
                        , Progressing , Complete , Canceled , or Error .

                     StatusDetail -> (string)
                        Information that further explains Status .

                     Duration -> (long)
                        Duration of the output file, in seconds.

                     Width -> (integer)
                        Specifies the width of the output file in pixels.

                     Height -> (integer)
                        Height of the output file, in pixels.

                     FrameRate -> (string)
                        Frame rate of the output file, in frames per second.

                     FileSize -> (long)
                        File size of the output file, in bytes.

                     DurationMillis -> (long)
                        Duration of the output file, in milliseconds.

                     Watermarks -> (list)
                        Information about the watermarks that you want Elastic
                        Transcoder to add to the video during transcoding. You
                        can  specify  up  to  four watermarks for each output.
                        Settings for each watermark must  be  defined  in  the
                        preset that you specify in Preset for the current out-
                        put.

                        Watermarks are added to the output video  in  the  se-
                        quence  in  which  you  list them in the job outputthe
                        first watermark in the list is  added  to  the  output
                        video first, the second watermark in the list is added
                        next, and so on. As a result, if  the  settings  in  a
                        preset  cause  Elastic  Transcoder to place all water-
                        marks in the same location, the second watermark  that
                        you add covers the first one, the third one covers the
                        second, and the fourth one covers the third.

                        (structure)
                            Watermarks can be in .png or .jpg format.  If  you
                            want  to display a watermark that is not rectangu-
                            lar, use the .png format, which supports transpar-
                            ency.

                            PresetWatermarkId -> (string)
                               The  ID  of the watermark settings that Elastic
                               Transcoder uses to add watermarks to the  video
                               during  transcoding.  The  settings  are in the
                               preset specified by Preset for the current out-
                               put. In that preset, the value of Watermarks Id
                               tells Elastic Transcoder which settings to use.

                            InputKey -> (string)
                               The name of the .png or .jpg file that you want
                               to  use  for  the watermark. To determine which
                               Amazon S3 bucket contains the  specified  file,
                               Elastic  Transcoder  checks the pipeline speci-
                               fied by Pipeline ; the Input Bucket  object  in
                               that pipeline identifies the bucket.

                               If  the  file name includes a prefix, for exam-
                               ple, logos/128x64.png , include the  prefix  in
                               the  key.  If  the  file isn't in the specified
                               bucket, Elastic Transcoder returns an error.

                            Encryption -> (structure)
                               The encryption settings, if any, that you  want
                               Elastic Transcoder to apply to your watermarks.

                               Mode -> (string)
                                   The  specific  server-side  encryption mode
                                   that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use
                                   when  decrypting  your  input  files or en-
                                   crypting   your   output   files.   Elastic
                                   Transcoder supports the following options:

                                   o s3:  Amazon  S3  creates  and manages the
                                     keys used for encrypting your files.

                                   o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3  calls  the  Amazon
                                     Key Management Service, which creates and
                                     manages the keys that are  used  for  en-
                                     crypting   your  files.  If  you  specify
                                     s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use  the
                                     default key, you must add the AWS-KMS key
                                     that you want to use to your pipeline.

                                   o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode
                                     of  operation  originally  used  for  HLS
                                     files.

                                   o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                   o aes-gcm: AES Galois Counter Mode, a  mode
                                     of operation that is an authenticated en-
                                     cryption format,  meaning  that  a  file,
                                     key,  or  initialization  vector that has
                                     been tampered with fails  the  decryption
                                     process.

                                   For all three AES options, you must provide
                                   the  following  settings,  which  must   be
                                   base64-encoded:

                                   o Key

                                   o Key MD5

                                   o Initialization Vector

                                   WARNING:
                                      For  the AES modes, your private encryp-
                                      tion keys and your unencrypted data  are
                                      never  stored  by  AWS; therefore, it is
                                      important that you  safely  manage  your
                                      encryption  keys.  If you lose them, you
                                      won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The data encryption key that you want Elas-
                                   tic  Transcoder to use to encrypt your out-
                                   put file, or that was used to encrypt  your
                                   input  file. The key must be base64-encoded
                                   and it must be one  of  the  following  bit
                                   lengths before being base64-encoded:
                                      128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                   The key must also be encrypted by using the
                                   Amazon Key Management Service.

                               KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                   The MD5 digest of the key that you used  to
                                   encrypt  your  input file, or that you want
                                   Elastic Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your
                                   output  file.  Elastic  Transcoder uses the
                                   key digest as a checksum to make sure  your
                                   key  was  not corrupted in transit. The key
                                   MD5 must be base64-encoded, and it must  be
                                   exactly   16   bytes   long   before  being
                                   base64-encoded.

                               InitializationVector -> (string)
                                   The series of random bits created by a ran-
                                   dom bit generator, unique for every encryp-
                                   tion operation, that you  used  to  encrypt
                                   your  input  files or that you want Elastic
                                   Transcoder to use to  encrypt  your  output
                                   files.  The  initialization  vector must be
                                   base64-encoded, and it must be  exactly  16
                                   bytes long before being base64-encoded.

                     AlbumArt -> (structure)
                        The  album  art to be associated with the output file,
                        if any.

                        MergePolicy -> (string)
                            A policy that determines  how  Elastic  Transcoder
                            handles  the  existence  of multiple album artwork
                            files.

                            o Replace: The specified album  art  replaces  any
                              existing album art.

                            o Prepend:  The  specified  album art is placed in
                              front of any existing album art.

                            o Append: The specified album art is placed  after
                              any existing album art.

                            o Fallback:  If  the  original input file contains
                              artwork, Elastic Transcoder  uses  that  artwork
                              for  the  output. If the original input does not
                              contain artwork,  Elastic  Transcoder  uses  the
                              specified album art file.

                        Artwork -> (list)
                            The  file  to  be  used as album art. There can be
                            multiple artworks associated with an  audio  file,
                            to  a  maximum  of  20. Valid formats are .jpg and
                            .png

                            (structure)
                               The file to be used as album art. There can  be
                               multiple  artworks  associated  with  an  audio
                               file, to a maximum of 20.

                               To remove artwork or leave the  artwork  empty,
                               you  can either set Artwork to null, or set the
                               Merge Policy to "Replace" and use an empty Art-
                               work array.

                               To pass through existing artwork unchanged, set
                               the Merge Policy  to  "Prepend",  "Append",  or
                               "Fallback", and use an empty Artwork array.

                               InputKey -> (string)
                                   The  name  of  the file to be used as album
                                   art. To determine which  Amazon  S3  bucket
                                   contains   the   specified   file,  Elastic
                                   Transcoder checks the pipeline specified by
                                   PipelineId ; the InputBucket object in that
                                   pipeline identifies the bucket.

                                   If the file name includes a prefix, for ex-
                                   ample, cooking/pie.jpg , include the prefix
                                   in the key. If the file isn't in the speci-
                                   fied  bucket, Elastic Transcoder returns an
                                   error.

                               MaxWidth -> (string)
                                   The maximum width of the output  album  art
                                   in  pixels.  If  you specify auto , Elastic
                                   Transcoder uses 600 as the  default  value.
                                   If  you  specify  a numeric value, enter an
                                   even integer between 32  and  4096,  inclu-
                                   sive.

                               MaxHeight -> (string)
                                   The  maximum height of the output album art
                                   in pixels. If you specify  auto  ,  Elastic
                                   Transcoder  uses  600 as the default value.
                                   If you specify a numeric  value,  enter  an
                                   even  integer  between  32 and 3072, inclu-
                                   sive.

                               SizingPolicy -> (string)
                                   Specify one of the following values to con-
                                   trol scaling of the output album art:

                                   o Fit: Elastic Transcoder scales the output
                                     art so it  matches  the  value  that  you
                                     specified in either MaxWidth or MaxHeight
                                     without exceeding the other value.

                                   o Fill: Elastic Transcoder scales the  out-
                                     put  art so it matches the value that you
                                     specified in either MaxWidth or MaxHeight
                                     and  matches  or exceeds the other value.
                                     Elastic Transcoder centers the output art
                                     and  then  crops  it in the dimension (if
                                     any) that exceeds the maximum value.

                                   o Stretch: Elastic Transcoder stretches the
                                     output  art  to match the values that you
                                     specified for MaxWidth and MaxHeight . If
                                     the relative proportions of the input art
                                     and the output  art  are  different,  the
                                     output art will be distorted.

                                   o Keep:  Elastic  Transcoder does not scale
                                     the output art. If  either  dimension  of
                                     the input art exceeds the values that you
                                     specified for MaxWidth  and  MaxHeight  ,
                                     Elastic Transcoder crops the output art.

                                   o ShrinkToFit:  Elastic  Transcoder  scales
                                     the output art down so  that  its  dimen-
                                     sions match the values that you specified
                                     for at least one  of  MaxWidth  and  Max-
                                     Height without exceeding either value. If
                                     you   specify   this   option,    Elastic
                                     Transcoder does not scale the art up.

                                   o ShrinkToFill  Elastic  Transcoder  scales
                                     the output art down so  that  its  dimen-
                                     sions match the values that you specified
                                     for at least one  of  MaxWidth  and  Max-
                                     Height   without  dropping  below  either
                                     value. If you specify this option,  Elas-
                                     tic Transcoder does not scale the art up.

                               PaddingPolicy -> (string)
                                   When you set PaddingPolicy to Pad , Elastic
                                   Transcoder may add white bars  to  the  top
                                   and  bottom  and/or left and right sides of
                                   the output album art to make the total size
                                   of the output art match the values that you
                                   specified for MaxWidth and MaxHeight .

                               AlbumArtFormat -> (string)
                                   The format of album art, if any. Valid for-
                                   mats are .jpg and .png .

                               Encryption -> (structure)
                                   The  encryption  settings, if any, that you
                                   want Elastic Transcoder to  apply  to  your
                                   artwork.

                                   Mode -> (string)
                                      The specific server-side encryption mode
                                      that you want Elastic Transcoder to  use
                                      when  decrypting your input files or en-
                                      crypting  your  output  files.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder  supports  the  following op-
                                      tions:

                                      o s3: Amazon S3 creates and manages  the
                                        keys used for encrypting your files.

                                      o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon
                                        Key Management Service, which  creates
                                        and manages the keys that are used for
                                        encrypting your files. If you  specify
                                        s3-aws-kms  and  you don't want to use
                                        the default  key,  you  must  add  the
                                        AWS-KMS  key  that  you want to use to
                                        your pipeline.

                                      o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A  padded  cipher-block
                                        mode  of operation originally used for
                                        HLS files.

                                      o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                      o aes-gcm: AES Galois  Counter  Mode,  a
                                        mode of operation that is an authenti-
                                        cated encryption format, meaning  that
                                        a  file, key, or initialization vector
                                        that has been tampered with fails  the
                                        decryption process.

                                      For all three AES options, you must pro-
                                      vide the following settings, which  must
                                      be base64-encoded:

                                      o Key

                                      o Key MD5

                                      o Initialization Vector

                                      WARNING:
                                          For  the AES modes, your private en-
                                          cryption keys and  your  unencrypted
                                          data are never stored by AWS; there-
                                          fore,  it  is  important  that   you
                                          safely  manage your encryption keys.
                                          If you lose them, you won't be  able
                                          to unencrypt your data.

                                   Key -> (string)
                                      The  data  encryption  key that you want
                                      Elastic Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt
                                      your  output  file,  or that was used to
                                      encrypt your input file. The key must be
                                      base64-encoded and it must be one of the
                                      following  bit  lengths   before   being
                                      base64-encoded:
                                          128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                      The  key must also be encrypted by using
                                      the Amazon Key Management Service.

                                   KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                      The MD5 digest of the key that you  used
                                      to  encrypt your input file, or that you
                                      want Elastic Transcoder to  use  to  en-
                                      crypt    your   output   file.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder uses  the  key  digest  as  a
                                      checksum  to  make sure your key was not
                                      corrupted in transit. The key  MD5  must
                                      be  base64-encoded,  and  it must be ex-
                                      actly  16  bytes   long   before   being
                                      base64-encoded.

                                   InitializationVector -> (string)
                                      The  series  of random bits created by a
                                      random bit generator, unique  for  every
                                      encryption  operation,  that you used to
                                      encrypt your input  files  or  that  you
                                      want  Elastic  Transcoder  to use to en-
                                      crypt your output files. The initializa-
                                      tion  vector must be base64-encoded, and
                                      it must be exactly 16 bytes long  before
                                      being base64-encoded.

                     Composition -> (list)
                        You can create an output file that contains an excerpt
                        from the input file. This excerpt, called a clip,  can
                        come  from  the beginning, middle, or end of the file.
                        The Composition object contains settings for the clips
                        that  make up an output file. For the current release,
                        you can only specify settings for a  single  clip  per
                        output file. The Composition object cannot be null.

                        (structure)
                            Settings  for  one clip in a composition. All jobs
                            in a playlist must have the same clip settings.

                            TimeSpan -> (structure)
                               Settings that determine when a clip begins  and
                               how long it lasts.

                               StartTime -> (string)
                                   The  place in the input file where you want
                                   a clip to start. The format can  be  either
                                   HH:mm:ss.SSS  (maximum value: 23:59:59.999;
                                   SSS  is  thousandths  of   a   second)   or
                                   sssss.SSS  (maximum  value:  86399.999). If
                                   you  don't   specify   a   value,   Elastic
                                   Transcoder  starts  at the beginning of the
                                   input file.

                               Duration -> (string)
                                   The duration of the clip. The format can be
                                   either    HH:mm:ss.SSS    (maximum   value:
                                   23:59:59.999; SSS is thousandths of a  sec-
                                   ond)    or    sssss.SSS   (maximum   value:
                                   86399.999). If you don't specify  a  value,
                                   Elastic  Transcoder  creates an output file
                                   from StartTime to the end of the file.

                                   If you specify a value longer than the  du-
                                   ration   of   the   input   file,   Elastic
                                   Transcoder transcodes the file and  returns
                                   a warning message.

                     Captions -> (structure)
                        You can configure Elastic Transcoder to transcode cap-
                        tions, or subtitles, from one format to  another.  All
                        captions must be in UTF-8. Elastic Transcoder supports
                        two types of captions:

                        o Embedded: Embedded captions are included in the same
                          file as the audio and video. Elastic Transcoder sup-
                          ports only one embedded caption per language,  to  a
                          maximum of 300 embedded captions per file. Valid in-
                          put  values  include:  CEA-608  (EIA-608   ,   first
                          non-empty  channel  only),  CEA-708 (EIA-708 , first
                          non-empty channel only), and mov-text    Valid  out-
                          puts include: mov-text   Elastic Transcoder supports
                          a maximum of one embedded format per output.

                        o Sidecar: Sidecar captions are  kept  in  a  separate
                          metadata file from the audio and video data. Sidecar
                          captions require a player that is capable of  under-
                          standing the relationship between the video file and
                          the sidecar file. Elastic Transcoder  supports  only
                          one sidecar caption per language, to a maximum of 20
                          sidecar captions per file. Valid  input  values  in-
                          clude: dfxp (first div element only), ebu-tt , scc ,
                          smpt , srt , ttml (first div element only), and web-
                          vtt   Valid outputs include: dfxp (first div element
                          only), scc , srt , and webvtt .

                        If you want  ttml  or  smpte-tt  compatible  captions,
                        specify dfxp as your output format.

                        Elastic Transcoder does not support OCR (Optical Char-
                        acter Recognition), does  not  accept  pictures  as  a
                        valid input for captions, and is not available for au-
                        dio-only transcoding. Elastic Transcoder does not pre-
                        serve  text  formatting  (for example, italics) during
                        the transcoding process.

                        To remove captions or leave the  captions  empty,  set
                        Captions  to  null.  To pass through existing captions
                        unchanged, set the MergePolicy to  MergeRetain  ,  and
                        pass in a null CaptionSources array.

                        For more information on embedded files, see the Subti-
                        tles Wikipedia page.

                        For more information on sidecar files, see the  Exten-
                        sible  Metadata  Platform  and  Sidecar file Wikipedia
                        pages.

                        MergePolicy -> (string)
                            A policy that determines  how  Elastic  Transcoder
                            handles the existence of multiple captions.

                            o MergeOverride:   Elastic  Transcoder  transcodes
                              both embedded and sidecar captions into outputs.
                              If  captions  for a language are embedded in the
                              input file and also appear in  a  sidecar  file,
                              Elastic Transcoder uses the sidecar captions and
                              ignores the embedded captions for that language.

                            o MergeRetain: Elastic Transcoder transcodes  both
                              embedded  and  sidecar captions into outputs. If
                              captions for a language are embedded in the  in-
                              put  file  and  also  appear  in a sidecar file,
                              Elastic Transcoder uses  the  embedded  captions
                              and  ignores  the sidecar captions for that lan-
                              guage.  If  CaptionSources  is  empty,   Elastic
                              Transcoder  omits  all sidecar captions from the
                              output files.

                            o Override: Elastic Transcoder transcodes only the
                              sidecar  captions  that  you specify in Caption-
                              Sources .
                               MergePolicy cannot be null.

                        CaptionSources -> (list)
                            Source files for the input sidecar  captions  used
                            during  the transcoding process. To omit all side-
                            car captions, leave CaptionSources blank.

                            (structure)
                               A source file for the  input  sidecar  captions
                               used during the transcoding process.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   The  name  of the sidecar caption file that
                                   you want Elastic Transcoder to  include  in
                                   the output file.

                               Language -> (string)
                                   A string that specifies the language of the
                                   caption. If you specified  multiple  inputs
                                   with  captions,  the  caption language must
                                   match in order to be included in  the  out-
                                   put. Specify this as one of:

                                   o 2-character ISO 639-1 code

                                   o 3-character ISO 639-2 code

                                   For  more information on ISO language codes
                                   and language names, see  the  List  of  ISO
                                   639-1 codes.

                               TimeOffset -> (string)
                                   For clip generation or captions that do not
                                   start at the same time  as  the  associated
                                   video  file,  the  TimeOffset tells Elastic
                                   Transcoder how much of the video to  encode
                                   before including captions.

                                   Specify   the   TimeOffset   in   the  form
                                   [+-]SS.sss or [+-]HH:mm:SS.ss.

                               Label -> (string)
                                   The label  of  the  caption  shown  in  the
                                   player  when choosing a language. We recom-
                                   mend that you put the caption language name
                                   here, in the language of the captions.

                               Encryption -> (structure)
                                   The encryption settings, if any, that Elas-
                                   tic Transcoder needs to decyrpt  your  cap-
                                   tion  sources,  or  that  you  want Elastic
                                   Transcoder  to  apply   to   your   caption
                                   sources.

                                   Mode -> (string)
                                      The specific server-side encryption mode
                                      that you want Elastic Transcoder to  use
                                      when  decrypting your input files or en-
                                      crypting  your  output  files.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder  supports  the  following op-
                                      tions:

                                      o s3: Amazon S3 creates and manages  the
                                        keys used for encrypting your files.

                                      o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon
                                        Key Management Service, which  creates
                                        and manages the keys that are used for
                                        encrypting your files. If you  specify
                                        s3-aws-kms  and  you don't want to use
                                        the default  key,  you  must  add  the
                                        AWS-KMS  key  that  you want to use to
                                        your pipeline.

                                      o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A  padded  cipher-block
                                        mode  of operation originally used for
                                        HLS files.

                                      o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                      o aes-gcm: AES Galois  Counter  Mode,  a
                                        mode of operation that is an authenti-
                                        cated encryption format, meaning  that
                                        a  file, key, or initialization vector
                                        that has been tampered with fails  the
                                        decryption process.

                                      For all three AES options, you must pro-
                                      vide the following settings, which  must
                                      be base64-encoded:

                                      o Key

                                      o Key MD5

                                      o Initialization Vector

                                      WARNING:
                                          For  the AES modes, your private en-
                                          cryption keys and  your  unencrypted
                                          data are never stored by AWS; there-
                                          fore,  it  is  important  that   you
                                          safely  manage your encryption keys.
                                          If you lose them, you won't be  able
                                          to unencrypt your data.

                                   Key -> (string)
                                      The  data  encryption  key that you want
                                      Elastic Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt
                                      your  output  file,  or that was used to
                                      encrypt your input file. The key must be
                                      base64-encoded and it must be one of the
                                      following  bit  lengths   before   being
                                      base64-encoded:
                                          128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                      The  key must also be encrypted by using
                                      the Amazon Key Management Service.

                                   KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                      The MD5 digest of the key that you  used
                                      to  encrypt your input file, or that you
                                      want Elastic Transcoder to  use  to  en-
                                      crypt    your   output   file.   Elastic
                                      Transcoder uses  the  key  digest  as  a
                                      checksum  to  make sure your key was not
                                      corrupted in transit. The key  MD5  must
                                      be  base64-encoded,  and  it must be ex-
                                      actly  16  bytes   long   before   being
                                      base64-encoded.

                                   InitializationVector -> (string)
                                      The  series  of random bits created by a
                                      random bit generator, unique  for  every
                                      encryption  operation,  that you used to
                                      encrypt your input  files  or  that  you
                                      want  Elastic  Transcoder  to use to en-
                                      crypt your output files. The initializa-
                                      tion  vector must be base64-encoded, and
                                      it must be exactly 16 bytes long  before
                                      being base64-encoded.

                        CaptionFormats -> (list)
                            The array of file formats for the output captions.
                            If you leave this value blank, Elastic  Transcoder
                            returns an error.

                            (structure)
                               The  file format of the output captions. If you
                               leave this value blank, Elastic Transcoder  re-
                               turns an error.

                               Format -> (string)
                                   The  format  you specify determines whether
                                   Elastic Transcoder generates an embedded or
                                   sidecar caption for this output.

                                   o Valid Embedded Caption Formats:

                                     o for FLAC : None

                                     o For MP3 : None

                                     o For MP4 : mov-text

                                     o For MPEG-TS : None

                                     o For ogg : None

                                     o For webm : None

                                   o Valid  Sidecar  Caption  Formats: Elastic
                                     Transcoder supports dfxp (first div  ele-
                                     ment  only), scc, srt, and webvtt. If you
                                     want ttml  or  smpte-tt  compatible  cap-
                                     tions,  specify  dfxp as your output for-
                                     mat.

                                     o For FMP4 : dfxp

                                     o Non-FMP4 outputs : All sidecar types
                                      fmp4 captions have an extension of .ismt

                               Pattern -> (string)
                                   The prefix for caption  filenames,  in  the
                                   form description -{language} , where:

                                   o description   is  a  description  of  the
                                     video.

                                   o {language} is a literal value that  Elas-
                                     tic  Transcoder replaces with the two- or
                                     three-letter code for the language of the
                                     caption in the output file names.

                                   If you don't include {language} in the file
                                   name pattern, Elastic Transcoder  automati-
                                   cally  appends  "{language}  " to the value
                                   that you specify for  the  description.  In
                                   addition,  Elastic Transcoder automatically
                                   appends the count to the end of the segment
                                   files.

                                   For  example,  suppose  you're  transcoding
                                   into  srt  format.  When  you  enter  "Syd-
                                   ney-{language}-sunrise",  and  the language
                                   of the captions is English (en),  the  name
                                   of  the  first  caption  file  is  be  Syd-
                                   ney-en-sunrise00000.srt.

                               Encryption -> (structure)
                                   The encryption settings, if any,  that  you
                                   want  Elastic  Transcoder  to apply to your
                                   caption formats.

                                   Mode -> (string)
                                      The specific server-side encryption mode
                                      that  you want Elastic Transcoder to use
                                      when decrypting your input files or  en-
                                      crypting   your  output  files.  Elastic
                                      Transcoder supports  the  following  op-
                                      tions:

                                      o s3:  Amazon S3 creates and manages the
                                        keys used for encrypting your files.

                                      o s3-aws-kms: Amazon S3 calls the Amazon
                                        Key  Management Service, which creates
                                        and manages the keys that are used for
                                        encrypting  your files. If you specify
                                        s3-aws-kms and you don't want  to  use
                                        the  default  key,  you  must  add the
                                        AWS-KMS key that you want  to  use  to
                                        your pipeline.

                                      o aes-cbc-pkcs7:  A  padded cipher-block
                                        mode of operation originally used  for
                                        HLS files.

                                      o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                                      o aes-gcm:  AES  Galois  Counter Mode, a
                                        mode of operation that is an authenti-
                                        cated  encryption format, meaning that
                                        a file, key, or initialization  vector
                                        that  has been tampered with fails the
                                        decryption process.

                                      For all three AES options, you must pro-
                                      vide  the following settings, which must
                                      be base64-encoded:

                                      o Key

                                      o Key MD5

                                      o Initialization Vector

                                      WARNING:
                                          For the AES modes, your private  en-
                                          cryption  keys  and your unencrypted
                                          data are never stored by AWS; there-
                                          fore,   it  is  important  that  you
                                          safely manage your encryption  keys.
                                          If  you lose them, you won't be able
                                          to unencrypt your data.

                                   Key -> (string)
                                      The data encryption key  that  you  want
                                      Elastic  Transcoder  to  use  to encrypt
                                      your output file, or that  was  used  to
                                      encrypt your input file. The key must be
                                      base64-encoded and it must be one of the
                                      following   bit   lengths  before  being
                                      base64-encoded:
                                          128 , 192 , or 256 .

                                      The key must also be encrypted by  using
                                      the Amazon Key Management Service.

                                   KeyMd5 -> (string)
                                      The  MD5 digest of the key that you used
                                      to encrypt your input file, or that  you
                                      want  Elastic  Transcoder  to use to en-
                                      crypt   your   output   file.    Elastic
                                      Transcoder  uses  the  key  digest  as a
                                      checksum to make sure your key  was  not
                                      corrupted  in  transit. The key MD5 must
                                      be base64-encoded, and it  must  be  ex-
                                      actly   16   bytes   long  before  being
                                      base64-encoded.

                                   InitializationVector -> (string)
                                      The series of random bits created  by  a
                                      random  bit  generator, unique for every
                                      encryption operation, that you  used  to
                                      encrypt  your  input  files  or that you
                                      want Elastic Transcoder to  use  to  en-
                                      crypt your output files. The initializa-
                                      tion vector must be base64-encoded,  and
                                      it  must be exactly 16 bytes long before
                                      being base64-encoded.

                     Encryption -> (structure)
                        The encryption settings, if any, that you want Elastic
                        Transcoder  to  apply  to  your  output  files. If you
                        choose to use encryption, you must specify a  mode  to
                        use.  If  you  choose  not  to use encryption, Elastic
                        Transcoder writes an unencrypted file to  your  Amazon
                        S3 bucket.

                        Mode -> (string)
                            The  specific server-side encryption mode that you
                            want Elastic Transcoder  to  use  when  decrypting
                            your  input files or encrypting your output files.
                            Elastic Transcoder supports the following options:

                            o s3: Amazon S3 creates and manages the keys  used
                              for encrypting your files.

                            o s3-aws-kms:  Amazon S3 calls the Amazon Key Man-
                              agement Service, which creates and  manages  the
                              keys that are used for encrypting your files. If
                              you specify s3-aws-kms and you don't want to use
                              the  default  key,  you must add the AWS-KMS key
                              that you want to use to your pipeline.

                            o aes-cbc-pkcs7: A padded cipher-block mode of op-
                              eration originally used for HLS files.

                            o aes-ctr: AES Counter Mode.

                            o aes-gcm:  AES Galois Counter Mode, a mode of op-
                              eration that is an authenticated encryption for-
                              mat, meaning that a file, key, or initialization
                              vector that has been tampered with fails the de-
                              cryption process.

                            For  all  three  AES options, you must provide the
                            following settings, which must be base64-encoded:

                            o Key

                            o Key MD5

                            o Initialization Vector

                            WARNING:
                               For the AES modes, your private encryption keys
                               and  your  unencrypted data are never stored by
                               AWS; therefore, it is important that you safely
                               manage  your encryption keys. If you lose them,
                               you won't be able to unencrypt your data.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The data encryption  key  that  you  want  Elastic
                            Transcoder  to use to encrypt your output file, or
                            that was used to encrypt your input file. The  key
                            must  be  base64-encoded and it must be one of the
                            following bit lengths before being base64-encoded:
                               128 , 192 , or 256 .

                            The key must also be encrypted by using the Amazon
                            Key Management Service.

                        KeyMd5 -> (string)
                            The MD5 digest of the key that you used to encrypt
                            your  input  file,  or  that  you   want   Elastic
                            Transcoder  to  use  to  encrypt your output file.
                            Elastic Transcoder uses the key digest as a check-
                            sum  to  make  sure  your key was not corrupted in
                            transit. The key MD5 must be  base64-encoded,  and
                            it  must  be  exactly  16  bytes long before being
                            base64-encoded.

                        InitializationVector -> (string)
                            The series of random bits created by a random  bit
                            generator,  unique for every encryption operation,
                            that you used to encrypt your input files or  that
                            you want Elastic Transcoder to use to encrypt your
                            output files. The initialization  vector  must  be
                            base64-encoded,  and  it  must be exactly 16 bytes
                            long before being base64-encoded.

                     AppliedColorSpaceConversion -> (string)
                        If Elastic Transcoder used a preset with a ColorSpace-
                        ConversionMode  to  transcode the output file, the Ap-
                        pliedColorSpaceConversion parameter shows the  conver-
                        sion  used. If no ColorSpaceConversionMode was defined
                        in the preset, this parameter is not  be  included  in
                        the job response.

              OutputKeyPrefix -> (string)
                 The  value,  if  any,  that  you  want  Elastic Transcoder to
                 prepend to the names of all files that this job creates,  in-
                 cluding output files, thumbnails, and playlists. We recommend
                 that you add a / or some other delimiter to the  end  of  the
                 OutputKeyPrefix .

              Playlists -> (list)

                 WARNING:
                     Outputs in Fragmented MP4 or MPEG-TS format only.

                 If  you  specify  a preset in PresetId for which the value of
                 Container is fmp4 (Fragmented MP4) or ts (MPEG-TS), Playlists
                 contains information about the master playlists that you want
                 Elastic Transcoder to create.

                 The maximum number of master playlists in a job is 30.

                 (structure)
                     Use Only for Fragmented MP4 or MPEG-TS  Outputs.  If  you
                     specify a preset for which the value of Container is fmp4
                     (Fragmented MP4) or ts (MPEG-TS), Playlists contains  in-
                     formation  about the master playlists that you want Elas-
                     tic Transcoder to create. We recommend  that  you  create
                     only  one  master playlist per output format. The maximum
                     number of master playlists in a job is 30.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name that you want Elastic Transcoder to assign to
                        the  master  playlist, for example, nyc-vacation.m3u8.
                        If the name includes a / character, the section of the
                        name  before the last / must be identical for all Name
                        objects. If you create more than one master  playlist,
                        the values of all Name objects must be unique.

                        NOTE:
                            Elastic Transcoder automatically appends the rele-
                            vant file extension to the file  name  (.m3u8  for
                            HLSv3  and HLSv4 playlists, and .ism and .ismc for
                            Smooth playlists). If you include a file extension
                            in Name , the file name will have two extensions.

                     Format -> (string)
                        The  format  of the output playlist. Valid formats in-
                        clude HLSv3 , HLSv4 , and Smooth .

                     OutputKeys -> (list)
                        For each output in this job that you want  to  include
                        in a master playlist, the value of the Outputs:Key ob-
                        ject.

                        o If your output is not HLS or does not have a segment
                          duration  set, the name of the output file is a con-
                          catenation of OutputKeyPrefix and Outputs:Key : Out-
                          putKeyPrefix``Outputs:Key``

                        o If  your  output is HLSv3 and has a segment duration
                          set, or is  not  included  in  a  playlist,  Elastic
                          Transcoder  creates  an  output playlist file with a
                          file extension of .m3u8 , and a series of .ts  files
                          that  include a five-digit sequential counter begin-
                          ning  with   00000:   OutputKeyPrefix``Outputs:Key``
                          .m3u8 OutputKeyPrefix``Outputs:Key`` 00000.ts

                        o If  your  output  is  HLSv4 , has a segment duration
                          set, and is included in an HLSv4  playlist,  Elastic
                          Transcoder  creates  an  output playlist file with a
                          file extension of _v4.m3u8 . If the output is video,
                          Elastic  Transcoder also creates an output file with
                          an extension of _iframe.m3u8 : OutputKeyPrefix``Out-
                          puts:Key``  _v4.m3u8  OutputKeyPrefix``Outputs:Key``
                          _iframe.m3u8 OutputKeyPrefix``Outputs:Key`` .ts

                        Elastic Transcoder automatically appends the  relevant
                        file extension to the file name. If you include a file
                        extension in Output Key, the file name will  have  two
                        extensions.

                        If you include more than one output in a playlist, any
                        segment duration settings, clip settings,  or  caption
                        settings  must  be  the  same  for  all outputs in the
                        playlist. For Smooth playlists,  the  Audio:Profile  ,
                        Video:Profile     ,     and     Video:FrameRate     to
                        Video:KeyframesMaxDist ratio must be the same for  all
                        outputs.

                        (string)

                     HlsContentProtection -> (structure)
                        The  HLS content protection settings, if any, that you
                        want Elastic Transcoder to apply to the  output  files
                        associated with this playlist.

                        Method -> (string)
                            The content protection method for your output. The
                            only valid value is: aes-128 .

                            This value is written into the method attribute of
                            the EXT-X-KEY metadata tag in the output playlist.

                        Key -> (string)
                            If  you  want Elastic Transcoder to generate a key
                            for you, leave this field blank.

                            If you choose to supply your own key, you must en-
                            crypt  the  key  by using AWS KMS. The key must be
                            base64-encoded, and it must be one of the  follow-
                            ing bit lengths before being base64-encoded:
                               128 , 192 , or 256 .

                        KeyMd5 -> (string)
                            If  Elastic  Transcoder is generating your key for
                            you, you must leave this field blank.

                            The MD5 digest of the key that  you  want  Elastic
                            Transcoder to use to encrypt your output file, and
                            that you want  Elastic  Transcoder  to  use  as  a
                            checksum  to  make sure your key was not corrupted
                            in transit. The key MD5  must  be  base64-encoded,
                            and  it  must  be  exactly  16  bytes before being
                            base64- encoded.

                        InitializationVector -> (string)
                            If Elastic Transcoder is generating your  key  for
                            you, you must leave this field blank.

                            The  series of random bits created by a random bit
                            generator, unique for every encryption  operation,
                            that you want Elastic Transcoder to use to encrypt
                            your output files. The initialization vector  must
                            be base64-encoded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes
                            before being base64-encoded.

                        LicenseAcquisitionUrl -> (string)
                            The location of the license key  required  to  de-
                            crypt  your HLS playlist. The URL must be an abso-
                            lute path, and is referenced in the URI  attribute
                            of  the  EXT-X-KEY  metadata  tag  in the playlist
                            file.

                        KeyStoragePolicy -> (string)
                            Specify whether you  want  Elastic  Transcoder  to
                            write your HLS license key to an Amazon S3 bucket.
                            If you choose WithVariantPlaylists , LicenseAcqui-
                            sitionUrl   must   be   left   blank  and  Elastic
                            Transcoder writes your  data  key  into  the  same
                            bucket as the associated playlist.

                     PlayReadyDrm -> (structure)
                        The  DRM  settings,  if  any,  that  you  want Elastic
                        Transcoder to apply to  the  output  files  associated
                        with this playlist.

                        Format -> (string)
                            The  type  of  DRM,  if any, that you want Elastic
                            Transcoder to apply to the output files associated
                            with this playlist.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The  DRM  key  for your file, provided by your DRM
                            license provider. The key must be  base64-encoded,
                            and  it  must  be one of the following bit lengths
                            before being base64-encoded:
                               128 , 192 , or 256 .

                            The key must also be encrypted by using AWS KMS.

                        KeyMd5 -> (string)
                            The MD5 digest of the key used  for  DRM  on  your
                            file,  and that you want Elastic Transcoder to use
                            as a checksum to make sure your key was  not  cor-
                            rupted  in transit. The key MD5 must be base64-en-
                            coded, and it must be exactly 16 bytes before  be-
                            ing base64-encoded.

                        KeyId -> (string)
                            The  ID for your DRM key, so that your DRM license
                            provider knows which key to provide.

                            The key ID must be provided  in  big  endian,  and
                            Elastic  Transcoder  converts  it to little endian
                            before inserting it into the PlayReady  DRM  head-
                            ers. If you are unsure whether your license server
                            provides your key ID  in  big  or  little  endian,
                            check with your DRM provider.

                        InitializationVector -> (string)
                            The  series of random bits created by a random bit
                            generator, unique for every encryption  operation,
                            that you want Elastic Transcoder to use to encrypt
                            your files.  The  initialization  vector  must  be
                            base64-encoded,  and  it  must  be exactly 8 bytes
                            long before being base64-encoded. If  no  initial-
                            ization  vector  is  provided,  Elastic Transcoder
                            generates one for you.

                        LicenseAcquisitionUrl -> (string)
                            The location of the license key required  to  play
                            DRM content. The URL must be an absolute path, and
                            is  referenced  by  the  PlayReady   header.   The
                            PlayReady  header  is referenced in the protection
                            header of the client manifest for Smooth Streaming
                            outputs, and in the EXT-X-DXDRM and EXT-XDXDRMINFO
                            metadata tags for HLS playlist outputs. An example
                            URL looks like this: https://www.example.com/exam-
                            pleKey/

                     Status -> (string)
                        The status of the job with which the playlist is asso-
                        ciated.

                     StatusDetail -> (string)
                        Information that further explains the status.

              Status -> (string)
                 The  status  of the job: Submitted , Progressing , Complete ,
                 Canceled , or Error .

              UserMetadata -> (map)
                 User-defined metadata that you  want  to  associate  with  an
                 Elastic  Transcoder  job.  You  specify metadata in key/value
                 pairs, and you can add up to  10  key/value  pairs  per  job.
                 Elastic  Transcoder  does  not guarantee that key/value pairs
                 are returned in the same order in which you specify them.

                 Metadata keys and values must use characters from the follow-
                 ing list:

                 o 0-9

                 o A-Z and a-z

                 o Space

                 o The following symbols: _.:/=+-%@

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              Timing -> (structure)
                 Details about the timing of a job.

                 SubmitTimeMillis -> (long)
                     The  time the job was submitted to Elastic Transcoder, in
                     epoch milliseconds.

                 StartTimeMillis -> (long)
                     The time the job began transcoding,  in  epoch  millisec-
                     onds.

                 FinishTimeMillis -> (long)
                     The time the job finished transcoding, in epoch millisec-
                     onds.

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          A value that you use to access the second and  subsequent  pages  of
          results,  if any. When the jobs in the specified pipeline fit on one
          page or when you've reached the last page of results, the  value  of
          NextPageToken is null .



                                                         LIST-JOBS-BY-STATUS()
