DELETE-DELIVERY-STREAM()                              DELETE-DELIVERY-STREAM()



NAME
       delete-delivery-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a delivery stream and its data.

       To  check the state of a delivery stream, use  DescribeDeliveryStream .
       You can delete a delivery stream only if it is in one of the  following
       states:  ACTIVE , DELETING , CREATING_FAILED , or DELETING_FAILED . You
       can't delete a delivery stream that is in the CREATING state. While the
       deletion  request is in process, the delivery stream is in the DELETING
       state.

       While the delivery stream is in the DELETING state, the  service  might
       continue to accept records, but it doesn't make any guarantees with re-
       spect to delivering the data. Therefore, as a best practice, first stop
       any  applications that are sending records before you delete a delivery
       stream.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-delivery-stream
          --delivery-stream-name <value>
          [--allow-force-delete | --no-allow-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --delivery-stream-name (string)
          The name of the delivery stream.

       --allow-force-delete | --no-allow-force-delete (boolean)
          Set this to true if you want to delete the delivery stream  even  if
          Kinesis Data Firehose is unable to retire the grant for the CMK. Ki-
          nesis Data Firehose might be unable to retire the  grant  due  to  a
          customer  error, such as when the CMK or the grant are in an invalid
          state. If you force deletion, you can then use the RevokeGrant oper-
          ation  to  revoke  the grant you gave to Kinesis Data Firehose. If a
          failure to retire the grant happens due to an AWS KMS issue, Kinesis
          Data Firehose keeps retrying the delete operation.

          The default value is false.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-DELIVERY-STREAM()
