UNTAG-DELIVERY-STREAM()                                UNTAG-DELIVERY-STREAM()



NAME
       untag-delivery-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  tags  from  the  specified  delivery  stream. Removed tags are
       deleted, and you can't recover them after this  operation  successfully
       completes.

       If you specify a tag that doesn't exist, the operation ignores it.

       This operation has a limit of five transactions per second per account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-delivery-stream
          --delivery-stream-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --delivery-stream-name (string)
          The name of the delivery stream.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list  of tag keys. Each corresponding tag is removed from the de-
          livery stream.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       UNTAG-DELIVERY-STREAM()
