DELETE-BUILD()                                                  DELETE-BUILD()



NAME
       delete-build -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a build. This operation permanently deletes the build resource
       and any uploaded build files. Deleting a build does not affect the sta-
       tus  of any active fleets using the build, but you can no longer create
       new fleets with the deleted build.

       To delete a build, specify the build ID.
          Learn more

          Upload a Custom Server Build

          Related actions
              CreateBuild |  ListBuilds  |   DescribeBuild  |   UpdateBuild  |
              DeleteBuild | All APIs by task

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-build
          --build-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --build-id (string)
          A  unique identifier for the build to delete. You can use either the
          build ID or ARN value.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom game build

       The following delete-build example removes a  build  from  your  Amazon
       GameLift account. After the build is deleted, you cannot use it to cre-
       ate new fleets. This operation cannot be undone.

          aws gamelift delete-build \
             --build-id build-a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-BUILD()
