DELETE-ALIAS()                                                  DELETE-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an alias. This operation removes all record of the alias. Game
       clients attempting to access a server process using the  deleted  alias
       receive  an  error.  To  delete  an  alias,  specify the alias ID to be
       deleted.
          Related actions
              CreateAlias |  ListAliases |   DescribeAlias  |   UpdateAlias  |
              DeleteAlias |  ResolveAlias | All APIs by task

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-alias
          --alias-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-id (string)
          A  unique  identifier  of the alias that you want to delete. You can
          use either the alias ID or ARN value.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-ALIAS()
