DELETE-SCRIPT()                                                DELETE-SCRIPT()



NAME
       delete-script -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  Realtime  script.  This  operation  permanently deletes the
       script record. If script files were uploaded,  they  are  also  deleted
       (files stored in an S3 bucket are not deleted).

       To delete a script, specify the script ID. Before deleting a script, be
       sure to terminate all fleets that are deployed with  the  script  being
       deleted.  Fleet instances periodically check for script updates, and if
       the script record no longer exists, the instance will go into an  error
       state and be unable to host game sessions.
          Learn more

          Amazon GameLift Realtime Servers

          Related actions
              CreateScript  |  ListScripts |  DescribeScript |  UpdateScript |
              DeleteScript | All APIs by task

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-script
          --script-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --script-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the Realtime script to delete. You  can  use
          either the script ID or ARN value.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-SCRIPT()
