STOP-MATCHMAKING()                                          STOP-MATCHMAKING()



NAME
       stop-matchmaking -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels a matchmaking ticket or match backfill ticket that is currently
       being processed. To stop the matchmaking operation, specify the  ticket
       ID. If successful, work on the ticket is stopped, and the ticket status
       is changed to CANCELLED .

       This call is also used to turn off automatic backfill for an individual
       game  session. This is for game sessions that are created with a match-
       making configuration that has automatic backfill enabled. The ticket ID
       is  included  in  the MatchmakerData of an updated game session object,
       which is provided to the game server.

       NOTE:
              If the operation is successful, the service sends back an  empty
              JSON struct with the HTTP 200 response (not an empty HTTP body).

          Learn more

          Add FlexMatch to a game client

          Related actions
              StartMatchmaking  |   DescribeMatchmaking  |   StopMatchmaking |
              AcceptMatch |  StartMatchBackfill | All APIs by task

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-matchmaking
          --ticket-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ticket-id (string)
          A unique identifier for a matchmaking ticket.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            STOP-MATCHMAKING()
