CREATE-DOMAIN()                                                CREATE-DOMAIN()



NAME
       create-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       The CreateDomain operation creates a new domain. The domain name should
       be unique among the domains associated with the Access Key ID  provided
       in  the request. The CreateDomain operation may take 10 or more seconds
       to complete.

       The client can create up to 100 domains per account.

       If    the    client    requires    additional    domains,     go     to
       http://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/simpledb-limit-request/ .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-domain
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name  (string)  The name of the domain to create. The name can
       range between 3 and 255 characters and can contain the following  char-
       acters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, '_', '-', and '.'.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               CREATE-DOMAIN()
