GET-ATTRIBUTES()                                              GET-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       get-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  all  of the attributes associated with the specified item. Op-
       tionally, the attributes returned can be limited to  one  or  more  at-
       tributes by specifying an attribute name parameter.

       If  the  item  does not exist on the replica that was accessed for this
       operation, an empty set is returned. The system does not return an  er-
       ror as it cannot guarantee the item does not exist on other replicas.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-attributes
          --domain-name <value>
          --item-name <value>
          [--attribute-names <value>]
          [--consistent-read | --no-consistent-read]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name  (string)  The name of the domain in which to perform the
       operation.

       --item-name (string) The name of the item.

       --attribute-names (list) The names of the attributes.(string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --consistent-read | --no-consistent-read (boolean)  Determines  whether
       or  not  strong  consistency  should be enforced when data is read from
       SimpleDB. If true , any data previously written to SimpleDB will be re-
       turned.  Otherwise,  results  will  be  consistent  eventually, and the
       client may not see data that was written immediately before your read.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Attributes -> (list)
          The list of attributes returned by the operation.

          (structure)
              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute.

              AlternateNameEncoding -> (string)

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the attribute.

              AlternateValueEncoding -> (string)



                                                              GET-ATTRIBUTES()
