SELECT()                                                              SELECT()



NAME
       select -

DESCRIPTION
       The  Select  operation  returns  a set of attributes for ItemNames that
       match the select expression. Select is similar to the standard SQL  SE-
       LECT statement.

       The total size of the response cannot exceed 1 MB in total size. Amazon
       SimpleDB automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to
       enforce  this  limit.  For example, if the client asks to retrieve 2500
       items, but each individual item is 10 kB in size,  the  system  returns
       100  items  and  an  appropriate NextToken so the client can access the
       next page of results.

       For information on how to construct select expressions, see  Using  Se-
       lect to Create Amazon SimpleDB Queries in the Developer Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       select  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation  by  providing  the --no-paginate argument.  When using --output
       text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query  ar-
       gument  must  extract  data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Items

SYNOPSIS
            select
          --select-expression <value>
          [--consistent-read | --no-consistent-read]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --select-expression (string) The expression used to query the domain.

       --consistent-read | --no-consistent-read (boolean)  Determines  whether
       or  not  strong  consistency  should be enforced when data is read from
       SimpleDB. If true , any data previously written to SimpleDB will be re-
       turned.  Otherwise,  results  will  be  consistent  eventually, and the
       client may not see data that was written immediately before your read.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Items -> (list)
          A list of items that match the select expression.

          (structure)
              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the item.

              AlternateNameEncoding -> (string)

              Attributes -> (list)
                 A list of attributes.

                 (structure)
                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute.

                     AlternateNameEncoding -> (string)

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value of the attribute.

                     AlternateValueEncoding -> (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          An opaque token indicating that  more  items  than  MaxNumberOfItems
          were  matched,  the response size exceeded 1 megabyte, or the execu-
          tion time exceeded 5 seconds.



                                                                      SELECT()
