CHANGE-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                          CHANGE-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       change-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds, edits, or deletes tags for a health check or a hosted zone.

       For  information  about  using tags for cost allocation, see Using Cost
       Allocation Tags in the Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            change-tags-for-resource
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          [--add-tags <value>]
          [--remove-tag-keys <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the resource.

          o The resource type for health checks is healthcheck .

          o The resource type for hosted zones is hostedzone .

          Possible values:

          o healthcheck

          o hostedzone

       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the resource for which you want to add, change, or  delete
          tags.

       --add-tags (list)
          A complex type that contains a list of the tags that you want to add
          to the specified health check or hosted zone and/or  the  tags  that
          you want to edit Value for.

          You can add a maximum of 10 tags to a health check or a hosted zone.

          (structure)
              A  complex  type  that contains information about a tag that you
              want to add or edit for the specified  health  check  or  hosted
              zone.

              Key -> (string)
                 The  value  of  Key depends on the operation that you want to
                 perform:

                 o Add a tag to a health check or hosted zone  :  Key  is  the
                   name that you want to give the new tag.

                 o Edit  a  tag  : Key is the name of the tag that you want to
                   change the Value for.

                 o Delete a key : Key is the name of the tag you want  to  re-
                   move.

                 o Give  a name to a health check : Edit the default Name tag.
                   In the Amazon Route 53 console, the  list  of  your  health
                   checks  includes  a  Name column that lets you see the name
                   that you've given to each health check.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of Value depends on the operation that you want  to
                 perform:

                 o Add  a  tag to a health check or hosted zone : Value is the
                   value that you want to give the new tag.

                 o Edit a tag : Value is the new value that you want to assign
                   the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --remove-tag-keys (list)
          A  complex  type  that  contains a list of the tags that you want to
          delete from the specified health check or hosted zone. You can spec-
          ify up to 10 keys.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command adds a tag named owner to a healthcheck  resource
       specified by ID:

          aws route53 change-tags-for-resource --resource-type healthcheck --resource-id 6233434j-18c1-34433-ba8e-3443434 --add-tags Key=owner,Value=myboss

       The  following command removes a tag named owner from a hosted zone re-
       source specified by ID:

          aws route53 change-tags-for-resource --resource-type hostedzone --resource-id Z1523434445 --remove-tag-keys owner

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    CHANGE-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
