CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()                                CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()



NAME
       create-traffic-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a traffic policy, which you use to create multiple DNS resource
       record sets for one domain name (such as example.com) or one  subdomain
       name (such as www.example.com).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-traffic-policy
          --name <value>
          --document <value>
          [--comment <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the traffic policy.

       --document (string)
          The  definition  of this traffic policy in JSON format. For more in-
          formation, see Traffic Policy Document Format .

       --comment (string)
          (Optional) Any comments that you want to include about  the  traffic
          policy.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrafficPolicy -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains settings for the new traffic policy.

          Id -> (string)
              The  ID  that  Amazon Route 53 assigned to a traffic policy when
              you created it.

          Version -> (integer)
              The version number that Amazon Route 53  assigns  to  a  traffic
              policy. For a new traffic policy, the value of Version is always
              1.

          Name -> (string)
              The name that you specified when you created the traffic policy.

          Type -> (string)
              The DNS type of the resource record sets that  Amazon  Route  53
              creates when you use a traffic policy to create a traffic policy
              instance.

          Document -> (string)
              The definition of a traffic policy in JSON format.  You  specify
              the JSON document to use for a new traffic policy in the Create-
              TrafficPolicy request. For more information about the JSON  for-
              mat, see Traffic Policy Document Format .

          Comment -> (string)
              The comment that you specify in the CreateTrafficPolicy request,
              if any.

       Location -> (string)
          A unique URL that represents a new traffic policy.



                                                       CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()
