CREATE-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()              CREATE-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()



NAME
       create-reusable-delegation-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  delegation  set  (a group of four name servers) that can be
       reused by multiple hosted zones that were created by  the  same  Amazon
       Web Services account.

       You  can  also create a reusable delegation set that uses the four name
       servers that are associated with an existing hosted zone.  Specify  the
       hosted zone ID in the CreateReusableDelegationSet request.

       NOTE:
          You  can't associate a reusable delegation set with a private hosted
          zone.

       For information about using a  reusable  delegation  set  to  configure
       white label name servers, see Configuring White Label Name Servers .

       The process for migrating existing hosted zones to use a reusable dele-
       gation set is comparable to the process  for  configuring  white  label
       name servers. You need to perform the following steps:

       o Create a reusable delegation set.

       o Recreate hosted zones, and reduce the TTL to 60 seconds or less.

       o Recreate resource record sets in the new hosted zones.

       o Change  the  registrar's name servers to use the name servers for the
         new hosted zones.

       o Monitor traffic for the website or application.

       o Change TTLs back to their original values.

       If you want to migrate existing hosted zones to use a reusable  delega-
       tion  set,  the existing hosted zones can't use any of the name servers
       that are assigned to the reusable delegation set. If one or more hosted
       zones do use one or more name servers that are assigned to the reusable
       delegation set, you can do one of the following:

       o For small numbers of hosted zonesup to a few  hundredit's  relatively
         easy  to  create  reusable delegation sets until you get one that has
         four name servers that don't overlap with any of the name servers  in
         your hosted zones.

       o For  larger  numbers  of hosted zones, the easiest solution is to use
         more than one reusable delegation set.

       o For larger numbers of hosted zones, you can also migrate hosted zones
         that  have  overlapping  name servers to hosted zones that don't have
         overlapping name servers, then migrate the hosted zones again to  use
         the reusable delegation set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-reusable-delegation-set
          --caller-reference <value>
          [--hosted-zone-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --caller-reference (string)
          A  unique string that identifies the request, and that allows you to
          retry failed CreateReusableDelegationSet requests without  the  risk
          of executing the operation twice. You must use a unique CallerRefer-
          ence string every time you submit a CreateReusableDelegationSet  re-
          quest.  CallerReference  can  be  any  unique  string, for example a
          date/time stamp.

       --hosted-zone-id (string)
          If you want to mark the delegation set for an existing  hosted  zone
          as reusable, the ID for that hosted zone.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DelegationSet -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains name server information.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID that Amazon Route 53 assigns  to  a  reusable  delegation
              set.

          CallerReference -> (string)
              The  value  that you specified for CallerReference when you cre-
              ated the reusable delegation set.

          NameServers -> (list)
              A complex type that contains a list of  the  authoritative  name
              servers for a hosted zone or for a reusable delegation set.

              (string)

       Location -> (string)
          The unique URL representing the new reusable delegation set.



                                              CREATE-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()
