CREATE-CIDR-COLLECTION()                              CREATE-CIDR-COLLECTION()



NAME
       create-cidr-collection -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a CIDR collection in the current Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-cidr-collection
          --name <value>
          --caller-reference <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          A  unique  identifier  for the account that can be used to reference
          the collection from other API calls.

       --caller-reference (string)
          A client-specific token that allows requests to be securely  retried
          so that the intended outcome will only occur once, retries receive a
          similar response, and there are no additional edge cases to handle.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Collection -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains information about the CIDR collection.

          Arn -> (string)
              The  ARN of the collection. Can be used to reference the collec-
              tion in IAM policy or in another Amazon Web Services account.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique ID of the CIDR collection.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of a CIDR collection.

          Version -> (long)
              A sequential counter that Route 53 sets to 1 when you  create  a
              CIDR  collection  and  increments by 1 each time you update set-
              tings for the CIDR collection.

       Location -> (string)
          A unique URL that represents the location for the CIDR collection.



                                                      CREATE-CIDR-COLLECTION()
