CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-VERSION()                CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-VERSION()



NAME
       create-traffic-policy-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a new version of an existing traffic policy. When you create a
       new version of a traffic policy, you specify the ID of the traffic pol-
       icy  that  you  want  to  update and a JSON-formatted document that de-
       scribes the new version. You use traffic policies  to  create  multiple
       DNS  resource  record sets for one domain name (such as example.com) or
       one subdomain name (such as www.example.com). You can create a  maximum
       of  1000  versions of a traffic policy. If you reach the limit and need
       to create another version, you'll need to start a new traffic policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-traffic-policy-version
          --id <value>
          --document <value>
          [--comment <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the traffic policy for which you want to create a new ver-
          sion.

       --document (string)
          The  definition  of this version of the traffic policy, in JSON for-
          mat. You specified the JSON in  the  CreateTrafficPolicyVersion  re-
          quest.   For   more   information   about   the   JSON  format,  see
          CreateTrafficPolicy .

       --comment (string)
          The comment that you specified in the CreateTrafficPolicyVersion re-
          quest, if any.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrafficPolicy -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains settings for the  new  version  of  the
          traffic policy.

          Id -> (string)
              The  ID  that  Amazon Route 53 assigned to a traffic policy when
              you created it.

          Version -> (integer)
              The version number that Amazon Route 53  assigns  to  a  traffic
              policy. For a new traffic policy, the value of Version is always
              1.

          Name -> (string)
              The name that you specified when you created the traffic policy.

          Type -> (string)
              The DNS type of the resource record sets that  Amazon  Route  53
              creates when you use a traffic policy to create a traffic policy
              instance.

          Document -> (string)
              The definition of a traffic policy in JSON format.  You  specify
              the JSON document to use for a new traffic policy in the Create-
              TrafficPolicy request. For more information about the JSON  for-
              mat, see Traffic Policy Document Format .

          Comment -> (string)
              The comment that you specify in the CreateTrafficPolicy request,
              if any.

       Location -> (string)
          A unique URL that represents a new traffic policy version.



                                               CREATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-VERSION()
