CREATE-QUERY-LOGGING-CONFIG()                    CREATE-QUERY-LOGGING-CONFIG()



NAME
       create-query-logging-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a configuration for DNS query logging. After you create a query
       logging configuration, Amazon Route 53 begins to publish log data to an
       Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group.

       DNS  query logs contain information about the queries that Route 53 re-
       ceives for a specified public hosted zone, such as the following:

       o Route 53 edge location that responded to the DNS query

       o Domain or subdomain that was requested

       o DNS record type, such as A or AAAA

       o DNS response code, such as NoError or ServFail

         Log Group and Resource Policy

       Before you create a query logging configuration, perform the  following
       operations.

       NOTE:
          If  you create a query logging configuration using the Route 53 con-
          sole, Route 53 performs these operations automatically.

       o Create a CloudWatch Logs log group, and make note of the  ARN,  which
         you  specify  when you create a query logging configuration. Note the
         following:

         o You must create the log group in the us-east-1 region.

         o You must use the same Amazon Web Services account to create the log
           group  and the hosted zone that you want to configure query logging
           for.

         o When you create log groups for query logging, we recommend that you
           use a consistent prefix, for example:
           ``
           /aws/route53/hosted  zone name ``   In the next step, you'll create
           a resource policy, which controls access to one or more log  groups
           and  the associated Amazon Web Services resources, such as Route 53
           hosted zones. There's a limit on the number  of  resource  policies
           that you can create, so we recommend that you use a consistent pre-
           fix so you can use the same resource policy for all the log  groups
           that you create for query logging.

         System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 60)
           Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       o Create a CloudWatch Logs resource policy, and give it the permissions
         that Route 53 needs to create log streams and to send query  logs  to
         log  streams.  You must create the CloudWatch Logs resource policy in
         the us-east-1 region. For the value of Resource , specify the ARN for
         the  log group that you created in the previous step. To use the same
         resource policy for all the CloudWatch Logs log groups that you  cre-
         ated  for  query logging configurations, replace the hosted zone name
         with             *             ,             for             example:
         arn:aws:logs:us-east-1:123412341234:log-group:/aws/route53/*       To
         avoid the confused deputy problem, a security issue where  an  entity
         without  a  permission for an action can coerce a more-privileged en-
         tity to perform it, you can optionally limit the permissions  that  a
         service has to a resource in a resource-based policy by supplying the
         following values:

         o For aws:SourceArn , supply the hosted zone ARN used in creating the
           query    logging   configuration.   For   example,   aws:SourceArn:
           arn:aws:route53:::hostedzone/hosted zone ID .

         o For aws:SourceAccount , supply the account ID for the account  that
           creates the query logging configuration. For example, aws:SourceAc-
           count:111111111111 .

       For more information, see The confused deputy problem in the Amazon Web
       Services IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          You  can't  use  the CloudWatch console to create or edit a resource
          policy. You must use the CloudWatch API, one of the Amazon Web  Ser-
          vices SDKs, or the CLI.

          Log Streams and Edge Locations

       When  Route  53  finishes creating the configuration for DNS query log-
       ging, it does the following:

       o Creates a log stream for an edge location the  first  time  that  the
         edge  location responds to DNS queries for the specified hosted zone.
         That log stream is used to log all queries that Route 53 responds  to
         for that edge location.

       o Begins to send query logs to the applicable log stream.

       The name of each log stream is in the following format:
          `` hosted zone ID /edge location code ``

       The  edge  location  code is a three-letter code and an arbitrarily as-
       signed number, for example, DFW3. The three-letter code typically  cor-
       responds  with the International Air Transport Association airport code
       for an airport near  the  edge  location.  (These  abbreviations  might
       change  in the future.) For a list of edge locations, see "The Route 53
       Global Network" on the Route 53 Product Details page.
          Queries That Are Logged

       Query logs contain only the queries that DNS resolvers forward to Route
       53.  If a DNS resolver has already cached the response to a query (such
       as the IP address for a load balancer for  example.com),  the  resolver
       will continue to return the cached response. It doesn't forward another
       query to Route 53 until the TTL for the corresponding  resource  record
       set  expires. Depending on how many DNS queries are submitted for a re-
       source record set, and depending on the TTL for  that  resource  record
       set,  query  logs might contain information about only one query out of
       every several thousand queries that are submitted to DNS. For more  in-
       formation  about  how  DNS  works, see Routing Internet Traffic to Your
       Website or Web Application in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide .
          Log File Format

       For a list of the values in each query  log  and  the  format  of  each
       value, see Logging DNS Queries in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide .
          Pricing

       For  information  about  charges  for query logs, see Amazon CloudWatch
       Pricing .
          How to Stop Logging

       If you want Route 53 to stop sending query  logs  to  CloudWatch  Logs,
       delete  the  query  logging  configuration.  For  more information, see
       DeleteQueryLoggingConfig .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-query-logging-config
          --hosted-zone-id <value>
          --cloud-watch-logs-log-group-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hosted-zone-id (string)
          The ID of the hosted zone that you want to log queries for. You  can
          log queries only for public hosted zones.

       --cloud-watch-logs-log-group-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for the log group that you want to
          Amazon Route 53 to send query logs to. This is  the  format  of  the
          ARN:

          arn:aws:logs:region :account-id :log-group:log_group_name

          To  get the ARN for a log group, you can use the CloudWatch console,
          the DescribeLogGroups API action, the  describe-log-groups  command,
          or the applicable command in one of the Amazon Web Services SDKs.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled,  the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       QueryLoggingConfig -> (structure)
          A  complex  type that contains the ID for a query logging configura-
          tion, the ID of the hosted zone that you want to  log  queries  for,
          and  the ARN for the log group that you want Amazon Route 53 to send
          query logs to.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID for a configuration for DNS query logging.

          HostedZoneId -> (string)
              The ID of the  hosted  zone  that  CloudWatch  Logs  is  logging
              queries for.

          CloudWatchLogsLogGroupArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CloudWatch Logs log group
              that Amazon Route 53 is publishing logs to.

       Location -> (string)
          The unique URL representing the new query logging configuration.



                                                 CREATE-QUERY-LOGGING-CONFIG()
