DELETE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()                                DELETE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-traffic-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a traffic policy.

       When you delete a traffic policy, Route 53 sets a flag on the policy to
       indicate that it has  been  deleted.  However,  Route  53  never  fully
       deletes the traffic policy. Note the following:

       o Deleted traffic policies aren't listed if you run ListTrafficPolicies
         .

       o There's no way to get a list of deleted policies.

       o If you retain the ID of the policy, you can get information about the
         policy,   including   the   traffic   policy   document,  by  running
         GetTrafficPolicy .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-traffic-policy
          --id <value>
          --traffic-policy-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the traffic policy that you want to delete.

       --traffic-policy-version (integer)
          The version number of the traffic policy that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-TRAFFIC-POLICY()
