DELETE-HOSTED-ZONE()                                      DELETE-HOSTED-ZONE()



NAME
       delete-hosted-zone -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a hosted zone.

       If  the  hosted zone was created by another service, such as Cloud Map,
       see Deleting Public Hosted Zones That Were Created by  Another  Service
       in  the  Amazon  Route  53 Developer Guide for information about how to
       delete it. (The process is the same for public and private hosted zones
       that were created by another service.)

       If you want to keep your domain registration but you want to stop rout-
       ing internet traffic to your website or web application,  we  recommend
       that  you  delete  resource  record  sets in the hosted zone instead of
       deleting the hosted zone.

       WARNING:
          If you delete a hosted zone, you can't undelete it. You must  create
          a new hosted zone and update the name servers for your domain regis-
          tration, which can require up to 48 hours to take  effect.  (If  you
          delegated  responsibility  for  a subdomain to a hosted zone and you
          delete the child hosted zone, you must update the  name  servers  in
          the  parent  hosted zone.) In addition, if you delete a hosted zone,
          someone could hijack the domain and route traffic to their  own  re-
          sources using your domain name.

       If  you  want  to avoid the monthly charge for the hosted zone, you can
       transfer DNS service for the domain to a free  DNS  service.  When  you
       transfer  DNS  service, you have to update the name servers for the do-
       main registration. If the domain  is  registered  with  Route  53,  see
       UpdateDomainNameservers  for  information about how to replace Route 53
       name servers with name servers for the new DNS service. If  the  domain
       is  registered  with  another registrar, use the method provided by the
       registrar to update name servers for the domain registration. For  more
       information, perform an internet search on "free DNS service."

       You  can  delete a hosted zone only if it contains only the default SOA
       record and NS resource record sets. If the hosted zone  contains  other
       resource  record  sets,  you must delete them before you can delete the
       hosted zone. If you try to delete a hosted zone that contains other re-
       source record sets, the request fails, and Route 53 returns a HostedZo-
       neNotEmpty error. For information  about  deleting  records  from  your
       hosted zone, see ChangeResourceRecordSets .

       To  verify that the hosted zone has been deleted, do one of the follow-
       ing:

       o Use the GetHostedZone action to request information about the  hosted
         zone.

       o Use  the ListHostedZones action to get a list of the hosted zones as-
         sociated with the current Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-hosted-zone
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the hosted zone you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a hosted zone

       The following delete-hosted-zone command deletes the hosted  zone  with
       an id of  Z36KTIQEXAMPLE:

          aws route53 delete-hosted-zone --id Z36KTIQEXAMPLE

OUTPUT
       ChangeInfo -> (structure)
          A  complex  type  that contains the ID, the status, and the date and
          time of a request to delete a hosted zone.

          Id -> (string)
              This element contains an ID  that  you  use  when  performing  a
              GetChange action to get detailed information about the change.

          Status -> (string)
              The  current  state  of the request. PENDING indicates that this
              request has not yet been applied to  all  Amazon  Route  53  DNS
              servers.

          SubmittedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the change request was submitted in ISO
              8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  For  example,
              the  value 2017-03-27T17:48:16.751Z represents March 27, 2017 at
              17:48:16.751 UTC.

          Comment -> (string)
              A comment you can provide.



                                                          DELETE-HOSTED-ZONE()
