DELETE-HEALTH-CHECK()                                    DELETE-HEALTH-CHECK()



NAME
       delete-health-check -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a health check.

       WARNING:
          Amazon  Route  53  does not prevent you from deleting a health check
          even if the health check is associated with  one  or  more  resource
          record  sets.  If you delete a health check and you don't update the
          associated resource record sets, the future  status  of  the  health
          check  can't be predicted and may change. This will affect the rout-
          ing of DNS queries for your DNS failover configuration. For more in-
          formation,  see  Replacing  and Deleting Health Checks in the Amazon
          Route 53 Developer Guide .

       If you're using Cloud Map and you configured  Cloud  Map  to  create  a
       Route  53 health check when you register an instance, you can't use the
       Route 53 DeleteHealthCheck command to  delete  the  health  check.  The
       health check is deleted automatically when you deregister the instance;
       there can be a delay of  several  hours  before  the  health  check  is
       deleted from Route 53.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-health-check
          --health-check-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --health-check-id (string)
          The ID of the health check that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a health check

       The following delete-health-check command deletes the health check with
       a health-check-id of e75b48d9-547a-4c3d-88a5-ae4002397608:

          aws route53 delete-health-check --health-check-id e75b48d9-547a-4c3d-88a5-ae4002397608

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-HEALTH-CHECK()
