GET-CHANGE()                                                      GET-CHANGE()



NAME
       get-change -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the current status of a change batch request. The status is one
       of the following values:

       o PENDING indicates that the changes in this request  have  not  propa-
         gated  to all Amazon Route 53 DNS servers. This is the initial status
         of all change batch requests.

       o INSYNC indicates that the changes have propagated to all Route 53 DNS
         servers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-change
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  ID of the change batch request. The value that you specify here
          is the value that ChangeResourceRecordSets returned in the  Id  ele-
          ment when you submitted the request.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the status of a change to resource record sets

       The  following get-change command gets the status and other information
       about  the  change-resource-record-sets  request  that  has  an  Id  of
       /change/CWPIK4URU2I5S:

          aws route53 get-change --id /change/CWPIK4URU2I5S

OUTPUT
       ChangeInfo -> (structure)
          A  complex type that contains information about the specified change
          batch.

          Id -> (string)
              This element contains an ID  that  you  use  when  performing  a
              GetChange action to get detailed information about the change.

          Status -> (string)
              The  current  state  of the request. PENDING indicates that this
              request has not yet been applied to  all  Amazon  Route  53  DNS
              servers.

          SubmittedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the change request was submitted in ISO
              8601 format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).  For  example,
              the  value 2017-03-27T17:48:16.751Z represents March 27, 2017 at
              17:48:16.751 UTC.

          Comment -> (string)
              A comment you can provide.



                                                                  GET-CHANGE()
