GET-CHECKER-IP-RANGES()                                GET-CHECKER-IP-RANGES()



NAME
       get-checker-ip-ranges -

DESCRIPTION
       Route  53  does  not  perform authorization for this API because it re-
       trieves information that is already available to the public.

       WARNING:
          GetCheckerIpRanges still works, but we recommend that  you  download
          ip-ranges.json,  which includes IP address ranges for all Amazon Web
          Services services. For more information, see IP  Address  Ranges  of
          Amazon Route 53 Servers in the Amazon Route 53 Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-checker-ip-ranges
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CheckerIpRanges -> (list)
          A complex type that contains sorted list of IP ranges in CIDR format
          for Amazon Route 53 health checkers.

          (string)



                                                       GET-CHECKER-IP-RANGES()
