GET-DNSSEC()                                                      GET-DNSSEC()



NAME
       get-dnssec -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about DNSSEC for a specific hosted zone, including
       the key-signing keys (KSKs) in the hosted zone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-dnssec
          --hosted-zone-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hosted-zone-id (string)
          A unique string used to identify a hosted zone.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (structure)
          A string repesenting the status of DNSSEC.

          ServeSignature -> (string)
              A string that represents the current hosted zone signing status.

              Status can have one of the following values:
                 SIGNING

              DNSSEC signing is enabled for the hosted zone.
                 NOT_SIGNING

              DNSSEC signing is not enabled for the hosted zone.
                 DELETING

              DNSSEC signing is in the process of being removed for the hosted
              zone.
                 ACTION_NEEDED

              There is a problem with signing in the hosted zone that requires
              you to take action to resolve. For example, the customer managed
              key might have been deleted, or the permissions for the customer
              managed key might have been changed.
                 INTERNAL_FAILURE

              There was an error during a request. Before you can continue  to
              work  with  DNSSEC  signing,  including  with  key-signing  keys
              (KSKs), you must correct the problem by  enabling  or  disabling
              DNSSEC signing for the hosted zone.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              The  status  message  provided  for the following DNSSEC signing
              status: INTERNAL_FAILURE . The status message includes  informa-
              tion about what the problem might be and steps that you can take
              to correct the issue.

       KeySigningKeys -> (list)
          The key-signing keys (KSKs) in your account.

          (structure)
              A key-signing key (KSK) is a complex type that represents a pub-
              lic/private key pair. The private key is used to generate a dig-
              ital signature for the zone signing key (ZSK). The public key is
              stored  in the DNS and is used to authenticate the ZSK. A KSK is
              always associated with a hosted zone; it cannot exist by itself.

              Name -> (string)
                 A string used to identify a key-signing key (KSK).  Name  can
                 include  numbers,  letters, and underscores (_). Name must be
                 unique for each key-signing key in the same hosted zone.

              KmsArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon resource name (ARN) used to identify the  customer
                 managed  key in Key Management Service (KMS). The KmsArn must
                 be unique for each key-signing key (KSK) in a  single  hosted
                 zone.

                 You must configure the customer managed key as follows:
                     Status

                 Enabled
                     Key spec

                 ECC_NIST_P256
                     Key usage

                 Sign and verify
                     Key policy

                 The  key  policy  must  give permission for the following ac-
                 tions:

                 o DescribeKey

                 o GetPublicKey

                 o Sign

                 The key policy must also include the Amazon Route 53  service
                 in the principal for your account. Specify the following:

                 o "Service": "dnssec-route53.amazonaws.com"

                 For  more information about working with the customer managed
                 key in KMS, see Key Management Service concepts .

              Flag -> (integer)
                 An integer that specifies how the key is used. For  key-sign-
                 ing key (KSK), this value is always 257.

              SigningAlgorithmMnemonic -> (string)
                 A  string used to represent the signing algorithm. This value
                 must follow the guidelines provided by RFC-8624 Section 3.1 .

              SigningAlgorithmType -> (integer)
                 An integer used to  represent  the  signing  algorithm.  This
                 value must follow the guidelines provided by RFC-8624 Section
                 3.1 .

              DigestAlgorithmMnemonic -> (string)
                 A string used to represent the delegation signer digest algo-
                 rithm.  This  value  must  follow  the guidelines provided by
                 RFC-8624 Section 3.3 .

              DigestAlgorithmType -> (integer)
                 An integer used to represent the delegation signer digest al-
                 gorithm.  This  value  must follow the guidelines provided by
                 RFC-8624 Section 3.3 .

              KeyTag -> (integer)
                 An integer used to identify the DNSSEC record for the  domain
                 name. The process used to calculate the value is described in
                 RFC-4034 Appendix B .

              DigestValue -> (string)
                 A cryptographic digest of  a  DNSKEY  resource  record  (RR).
                 DNSKEY  records  are  used to publish the public key that re-
                 solvers can use to verify DNSSEC signatures that are used  to
                 secure  certain kinds of information provided by the DNS sys-
                 tem.

              PublicKey -> (string)
                 The public key, represented as a Base64 encoding, as required
                 by RFC-4034 Page 5 .

              DSRecord -> (string)
                 A string that represents a delegation signer (DS) record.

              DNSKEYRecord -> (string)
                 A string that represents a DNSKEY record.

              Status -> (string)
                 A  string  that  represents the current key-signing key (KSK)
                 status.

                 Status can have one of the following values:
                     ACTIVE

                 The KSK is being used for signing.
                     INACTIVE

                 The KSK is not being used for signing.
                     DELETING

                 The KSK is in the process of being deleted.
                     ACTION_NEEDED

                 There is a problem with the KSK that requires you to take ac-
                 tion  to resolve. For example, the customer managed key might
                 have been deleted, or the permissions for the  customer  man-
                 aged key might have been changed.
                     INTERNAL_FAILURE

                 There  was an error during a request. Before you can continue
                 to work with DNSSEC signing, including actions  that  involve
                 this  KSK, you must correct the problem. For example, you may
                 need to activate or deactivate the KSK.

              StatusMessage -> (string)
                 The status message provided for the following key-signing key
                 (KSK)  statuses: ACTION_NEEDED or INTERNAL_FAILURE . The sta-
                 tus message includes information about what the problem might
                 be and steps that you can take to correct the issue.

              CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the key-signing key (KSK) was created.

              LastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The last time that the key-signing key (KSK) was changed.



                                                                  GET-DNSSEC()
