GET-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()                    GET-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()



NAME
       get-reusable-delegation-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  a specified reusable delegation set, in-
       cluding the four name servers that are assigned to the delegation set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-reusable-delegation-set
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the reusable delegation set that you want to get a list of
          name servers for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DelegationSet -> (structure)
          A  complex type that contains information about the reusable delega-
          tion set.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID that Amazon Route 53 assigns  to  a  reusable  delegation
              set.

          CallerReference -> (string)
              The  value  that you specified for CallerReference when you cre-
              ated the reusable delegation set.

          NameServers -> (list)
              A complex type that contains a list of  the  authoritative  name
              servers for a hosted zone or for a reusable delegation set.

              (string)



                                                 GET-REUSABLE-DELEGATION-SET()
