LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCES()                            LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists tags for up to 10 health checks or hosted zones.

       For  information  about  using tags for cost allocation, see Using Cost
       Allocation Tags in the Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resources
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the resources.

          o The resource type for health checks is healthcheck .

          o The resource type for hosted zones is hostedzone .

          Possible values:

          o healthcheck

          o hostedzone

       --resource-ids (list)
          A complex type that contains the ResourceId  element  for  each  re-
          source for which you want to get a list of tags.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceTagSets -> (list)
          A list of ResourceTagSet s containing tags associated with the spec-
          ified resources.

          (structure)
              A complex type containing a resource and its associated tags.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The type of the resource.

                 o The resource type for health checks is healthcheck .

                 o The resource type for hosted zones is hostedzone .

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID for the specified resource.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The tags associated with the specified resource.

                 (structure)
                     A complex type that contains information about a tag that
                     you want to add or edit for the specified health check or
                     hosted zone.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The  value  of  Key  depends on the operation that you
                        want to perform:

                        o Add a tag to a health check or hosted zone : Key  is
                          the name that you want to give the new tag.

                        o Edit  a  tag  :  Key is the name of the tag that you
                          want to change the Value for.

                        o Delete a key : Key is the name of the tag  you  want
                          to remove.

                        o Give  a  name  to  a health check : Edit the default
                          Name tag. In the Amazon Route 53 console,  the  list
                          of  your  health  checks includes a Name column that
                          lets you see the name  that  you've  given  to  each
                          health check.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The  value  of Value depends on the operation that you
                        want to perform:

                        o Add a tag to a health check or hosted zone  :  Value
                          is the value that you want to give the new tag.

                        o Edit a tag : Value is the new value that you want to
                          assign the tag.



                                                     LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCES()
