LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists tags for one health check or hosted zone.

       For  information  about  using tags for cost allocation, see Using Cost
       Allocation Tags in the Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the resource.

          o The resource type for health checks is healthcheck .

          o The resource type for hosted zones is hostedzone .

          Possible values:

          o healthcheck

          o hostedzone

       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the resource for which you want to retrieve tags.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceTagSet -> (structure)
          A ResourceTagSet containing tags associated with the  specified  re-
          source.

          ResourceType -> (string)
              The type of the resource.

              o The resource type for health checks is healthcheck .

              o The resource type for hosted zones is hostedzone .

          ResourceId -> (string)
              The ID for the specified resource.

          Tags -> (list)
              The tags associated with the specified resource.

              (structure)
                 A complex type that contains information about a tag that you
                 want to add or edit for the specified health check or  hosted
                 zone.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  value  of Key depends on the operation that you want
                     to perform:

                     o Add a tag to a health check or hosted zone : Key is the
                       name that you want to give the new tag.

                     o Edit  a  tag : Key is the name of the tag that you want
                       to change the Value for.

                     o Delete a key : Key is the name of the tag you  want  to
                       remove.

                     o Give  a  name to a health check : Edit the default Name
                       tag. In the Amazon Route 53 console, the list  of  your
                       health  checks includes a Name column that lets you see
                       the name that you've given to each health check.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value of Value depends on the operation that you want
                     to perform:

                     o Add  a  tag to a health check or hosted zone : Value is
                       the value that you want to give the new tag.

                     o Edit a tag : Value is the new value that  you  want  to
                       assign the tag.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
