LIST-VPC-ASSOCIATION-AUTHORIZATIONS()    LIST-VPC-ASSOCIATION-AUTHORIZATIONS()



NAME
       list-vpc-association-authorizations -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  list  of the VPCs that were created by other accounts and that
       can be associated with a specified hosted zone because you've submitted
       one or more CreateVPCAssociationAuthorization requests.

       The  response includes a VPCs element with a VPC child element for each
       VPC that can be associated with the hosted zone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-vpc-association-authorizations is a paginated operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: VPCs

SYNOPSIS
            list-vpc-association-authorizations
          --hosted-zone-id <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hosted-zone-id (string)
          The ID of the hosted zone for which you want a list of VPCs that can
          be associated with the hosted zone.

       --max-results (string)
          Optional : An integer that specifies the maximum number of VPCs that
          you want Amazon Route 53 to return. If you don't specify a value for
          MaxResults , Route 53 returns up to 50 VPCs per page.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HostedZoneId -> (string)
          The ID of the hosted zone that you can  associate  the  listed  VPCs
          with.

       NextToken -> (string)
          When  the response includes a NextToken element, there are more VPCs
          that can be associated with the specified hosted zone.  To  get  the
          next  page  of VPCs, submit another ListVPCAssociationAuthorizations
          request, and include the value of the NextToken element from the re-
          sponse in the nexttoken request parameter.

       VPCs -> (list)
          The list of VPCs that are authorized to be associated with the spec-
          ified hosted zone.

          (structure)
              (Private hosted zones only) A complex type that contains  infor-
              mation about an Amazon VPC.

              If  you  associate a private hosted zone with an Amazon VPC when
              you make a CreateHostedZone request,  the  following  parameters
              are also required.

              VPCRegion -> (string)
                 (Private hosted zones only) The region that an Amazon VPC was
                 created in.

              VPCId -> (string)
                 (Private hosted zones only) The ID of an Amazon VPC.



                                         LIST-VPC-ASSOCIATION-AUTHORIZATIONS()
