UPDATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-COMMENT()                UPDATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-COMMENT()



NAME
       update-traffic-policy-comment -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the comment for a specified traffic policy version.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-traffic-policy-comment
          --id <value>
          --comment <value>
          --traffic-policy-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  value  of Id for the traffic policy that you want to update the
          comment for.

       --comment (string)
          The new comment for the specified traffic policy and version.

       --traffic-policy-version (integer)
          The value of Version for the traffic policy that you want to  update
          the comment for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrafficPolicy -> (structure)
          A complex type that contains settings for the specified traffic pol-
          icy.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID that Amazon Route 53 assigned to a  traffic  policy  when
              you created it.

          Version -> (integer)
              The  version  number  that  Amazon Route 53 assigns to a traffic
              policy. For a new traffic policy, the value of Version is always
              1.

          Name -> (string)
              The name that you specified when you created the traffic policy.

          Type -> (string)
              The  DNS  type  of the resource record sets that Amazon Route 53
              creates when you use a traffic policy to create a traffic policy
              instance.

          Document -> (string)
              The  definition  of a traffic policy in JSON format. You specify
              the JSON document to use for a new traffic policy in the Create-
              TrafficPolicy  request. For more information about the JSON for-
              mat, see Traffic Policy Document Format .

          Comment -> (string)
              The comment that you specify in the CreateTrafficPolicy request,
              if any.



                                               UPDATE-TRAFFIC-POLICY-COMMENT()
