DESCRIBE-SPEAKER()                                          DESCRIBE-SPEAKER()



NAME
       describe-speaker -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the specified speaker.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-speaker
          --domain-id <value>
          --speaker-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-id (string)
          The identifier of the domain that contains the speaker.

       --speaker-id (string)
          The identifier of the speaker you are describing.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Speaker -> (structure)
          Information about the specified speaker.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp showing when the speaker is created.

          CustomerSpeakerId -> (string)
              The client-provided identifier for the speaker.

          DomainId -> (string)
              The identifier of the domain that contains the speaker.

          GeneratedSpeakerId -> (string)
              The service-generated identifier for the speaker.

          Status -> (string)
              The current status of the speaker.

          UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp showing the speaker's last update.



                                                            DESCRIBE-SPEAKER()
