OPT-OUT-SPEAKER()                                            OPT-OUT-SPEAKER()



NAME
       opt-out-speaker -

DESCRIPTION
       Opts out a speaker from Voice ID. A speaker can be opted out regardless
       of whether or not they already exist in Voice ID. If they don't yet ex-
       ist,  a  new  speaker is created in an opted out state. If they already
       exist, their existing status is overridden and they are opted out.  En-
       rollment  and evaluation authentication requests are rejected for opted
       out speakers, and opted out speakers have no voice embeddings stored in
       Voice ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            opt-out-speaker
          --domain-id <value>
          --speaker-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-id (string)
          The identifier of the domain containing the speaker.

       --speaker-id (string)
          The identifier of the speaker you want opted-out.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Speaker -> (structure)
          Details about the opted-out speaker.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp showing when the speaker is created.

          CustomerSpeakerId -> (string)
              The client-provided identifier for the speaker.

          DomainId -> (string)
              The identifier of the domain that contains the speaker.

          GeneratedSpeakerId -> (string)
              The service-generated identifier for the speaker.

          LastAccessedAt -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp when the speaker was last accessed for enrollment,
              re-enrollment  or a successful authentication. This timestamp is
              accurate to one hour.

          Status -> (string)
              The current status of the speaker.

          UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp showing the speaker's last update.



                                                             OPT-OUT-SPEAKER()
