DELETE-FLOW()                                                    DELETE-FLOW()



NAME
       delete-flow -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  your  application  to delete an existing flow. Before deleting
       the flow, Amazon AppFlow validates the request  by  checking  the  flow
       configuration and status. You can delete flows one at a time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-flow
          --flow-name <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --flow-name (string)
          The  specified  name of the flow. Spaces are not allowed. Use under-
          scores (_) or hyphens (-) only.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          Indicates whether Amazon AppFlow should delete the flow, even if  it
          is currently in use.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-FLOW()
