UNREGISTER-CONNECTOR()                                  UNREGISTER-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       unregister-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Unregisters  the  custom  connector  registered  in  your  account that
       matches the connectorLabel provided in the request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unregister-connector
          --connector-label <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connector-label (string)
          The label of the connector. The label is unique for each  Connector-
          Registration in your Amazon Web Services account.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  Amazon  AppFlow should unregister the connector,
          even if it is currently in use in one or  more  connector  profiles.
          The default value is false.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        UNREGISTER-CONNECTOR()
