BATCH-GET-GRAPH-MEMBER-DATASOURCES()      BATCH-GET-GRAPH-MEMBER-DATASOURCES()



NAME
       batch-get-graph-member-datasources -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets data source package information for the behavior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-get-graph-member-datasources
          --graph-arn <value>
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph.

       --account-ids (list)
          The  list of Amazon Web Services accounts to get data source package
          information on.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MemberDatasources -> (list)
          Details on the status of data source packages for members of the be-
          havior graph.

          (structure)
              Details on data source packages  for  members  of  the  behavior
              graph.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The account identifier of the Amazon Web Services account.

              GraphArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the organization behavior graph.

              DatasourcePackageIngestHistory -> (map)
                 Details on when a data source package was added to a behavior
                 graph.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (map)
                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        Details on when data collection  began  for  a  source
                        package.

                        Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                            The data and time when data collection began for a
                            source package. The value is an ISO8601  formatted
                            string. For example, 2021-08-18T16:35:56.284Z .

       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          Accounts that data source package information could not be retrieved
          for.

          (structure)
              A member account that was included in a request  but  for  which
              the request could not be processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Web Services account identifier of the member ac-
                 count that was not processed.

              Reason -> (string)
                 The reason that the member account request could not be  pro-
                 cessed.



                                          BATCH-GET-GRAPH-MEMBER-DATASOURCES()
