BATCH-GET-MEMBERSHIP-DATASOURCES()          BATCH-GET-MEMBERSHIP-DATASOURCES()



NAME
       batch-get-membership-datasources -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information on the data source package history for an account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-get-membership-datasources
          --graph-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arns (list)
          The ARN of the behavior graph.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MembershipDatasources -> (list)
          Details on the data source package history for an member of the  be-
          havior graph.

          (structure)
              Details  on  data  source  packages  for members of the behavior
              graph.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The account identifier of the Amazon Web Services account.

              GraphArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the organization behavior graph.

              DatasourcePackageIngestHistory -> (map)
                 Details on when a data source package was added to a behavior
                 graph.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (map)
                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        Details  on  when  data  collection began for a source
                        package.

                        Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                            The data and time when data collection began for a
                            source  package. The value is an ISO8601 formatted
                            string. For example, 2021-08-18T16:35:56.284Z .

       UnprocessedGraphs -> (list)
          Graphs that data source package information could not  be  retrieved
          for.

          (structure)
              Behavior graphs that could not be processed in the request.

              GraphArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the organization behavior graph.

              Reason -> (string)
                 The  reason data source package information could not be pro-
                 cessed for a behavior graph.



                                            BATCH-GET-MEMBERSHIP-DATASOURCES()
