CREATE-GRAPH()                                                  CREATE-GRAPH()



NAME
       create-graph -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new behavior graph for the calling account, and sets that ac-
       count as the administrator account. This operation is called by the ac-
       count that is enabling Detective.

       Before  you  try  to  enable Detective, make sure that your account has
       been enrolled in Amazon GuardDuty for at least 48 hours. If you do  not
       meet  this requirement, you cannot enable Detective. If you do meet the
       GuardDuty prerequisite, then when you make the request to enable Detec-
       tive, it checks whether your data volume is within the Detective quota.
       If it exceeds the quota, then you cannot enable Detective.

       The operation also enables Detective for the  calling  account  in  the
       currently  selected  Region.  It  returns  the  ARN of the new behavior
       graph.
          CreateGraph triggers a process to create the corresponding data  ta-
          bles for the new behavior graph.

       An account can only be the administrator account for one behavior graph
       within a Region. If the same account calls CreateGraph  with  the  same
       administrator  account,  it always returns the same behavior graph ARN.
       It does not create a new behavior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-graph
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tags (map)
          The tags to assign to the new behavior graph. You can add up  to  50
          tags.  For each tag, you provide the tag key and the tag value. Each
          tag key can contain up to 128 characters. Each tag value can contain
          up to 256 characters.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable Amazon Detective and create a new behavior graph

       The  following  create-graph  example enables Detective for the AWS ac-
       count that runs the command in the Region where the command is  run.  A
       new  behavior graph is created that has that account as its administra-
       tor account. The command also assigns the value Finance to the  Depart-
       ment tag.

          aws detective create-graph \
              --tags '{"Department": "Finance"}'

       Output:

          {
              "GraphArn": "arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:027c7c4610ea4aacaf0b883093cab899"
          }

       For  more  information, see Enabling Amazon Detective in the Amazon De-
       tective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       GraphArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the new behavior graph.



                                                                CREATE-GRAPH()
