DELETE-MEMBERS()                                              DELETE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       delete-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the specified member accounts from the behavior graph. The re-
       moved accounts no longer contribute data to the  behavior  graph.  This
       operation  can  only be called by the administrator account for the be-
       havior graph.

       For invited accounts, the removed accounts are deleted from the list of
       accounts in the behavior graph. To restore the account, the administra-
       tor account must send another invitation.

       For organization accounts in the organization behavior graph,  the  De-
       tective  administrator  account  can always enable the organization ac-
       count again. Organization accounts that are not enabled as  member  ac-
       counts are not included in the ListMembers results for the organization
       behavior graph.

       An administrator account cannot use DeleteMembers to remove  their  own
       account  from  the behavior graph. To disable a behavior graph, the ad-
       ministrator account uses the DeleteGraph API method.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-members
          --graph-arn <value>
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph to remove members from.

       --account-ids (list)
          The list of Amazon Web Services account identifiers for  the  member
          accounts  to remove from the behavior graph. You can remove up to 50
          member accounts at a time.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove member accounts from a behavior graph

       The following delete-members example removes two member  accounts  from
       the              behavior              graph             arn:aws:detec-
       tive:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234.  To  identify  the  ac-
       counts, the request provides the AWS account IDs.

          aws detective delete-members \
              --account-ids 444455556666 123456789012 \
              --graph-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234

       Output:

           {
              "AccountIds": [ "444455556666", "123456789012" ],
              "UnprocessedAccounts": [ ]
          }

       For more information, see
       `Removing member accounts from a behavior graph<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/detective/latest/adminguide/graph-admin-remove-member-accounts.html>`__
        in the Amazon Detective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       AccountIds -> (list)
          The  list  of Amazon Web Services account identifiers for the member
          accounts that  Detective  successfully  removed  from  the  behavior
          graph.

          (string)

       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          The  list  of  member accounts that Detective was not able to remove
          from the behavior graph. For each member account, provides the  rea-
          son that the deletion could not be processed.

          (structure)
              A  member  account  that was included in a request but for which
              the request could not be processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account identifier of the member  ac-
                 count that was not processed.

              Reason -> (string)
                 The  reason that the member account request could not be pro-
                 cessed.

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous hyperlink mismatch: 1 references but 0  targets.   See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                              DELETE-MEMBERS()
