DELETE-GRAPH()                                                  DELETE-GRAPH()



NAME
       delete-graph -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables the specified behavior graph and queues it to be deleted. This
       operation removes the behavior graph from each member account's list of
       behavior graphs.
          DeleteGraph  can  only  be called by the administrator account for a
          behavior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-graph
          --graph-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph to disable.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable Detective and delete the behavior graph

       The following delete-graph example disables Detective and  deletes  the
       specified behavior graph.

          aws detective delete-graph \
              --graph-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Disabling Amazon Detective in the Amazon De-
       tective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-GRAPH()
