DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERSHIP()                            DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       disassociate-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the member account from the specified behavior graph. This op-
       eration can only be called by an invited member account  that  has  the
       ENABLED status.
          DisassociateMembership  cannot  be called by an organization account
          in the organization behavior graph. For  the  organization  behavior
          graph,  the Detective administrator account determines which organi-
          zation accounts to enable or disable as member accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-membership
          --graph-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --graph-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph to remove the member account from.

          The member account's member status in the behavior graph must be EN-
          ABLED .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To resign membership from a behavior graph

       The  following  disassociate-membership example removes the AWS account
       that  runs  the  command  from  the   behavior   graph   arn:aws:detec-
       tive:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234.

          aws detective disassociate-membership \
               --graph-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234

       For more information, see
       `Removing your account from a behavior graph<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/detective/latest/adminguide/member-remove-self-from-graph.html>`__
        in the Amazon Detective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous  hyperlink  mismatch: 1 references but 0 targets.  See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                     DISASSOCIATE-MEMBERSHIP()
