ENABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()        ENABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       enable-organization-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Designates  the Detective administrator account for the organization in
       the current Region.

       If the account does not have Detective enabled, then enables  Detective
       for that account and creates a new behavior graph.

       Can only be called by the organization management account.

       If  the organization has a delegated administrator account in Organiza-
       tions, then the Detective administrator account must be either the del-
       egated administrator account or the organization management account.

       If  the organization does not have a delegated administrator account in
       Organizations, then you can choose any account in the organization.  If
       you  choose  an account other than the organization management account,
       Detective calls Organizations to make that account the delegated admin-
       istrator  account  for  Detective.  The organization management account
       cannot be the delegated administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-organization-admin-account
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account identifier of the account to  desig-
          nate as the Detective administrator account for the organization.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           ENABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
