LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()          LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()



NAME
       list-organization-admin-accounts -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the Detective administrator account for an
       organization. Can only be called by  the  organization  management  ac-
       count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-organization-admin-accounts
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          For  requests  to get the next page of results, the pagination token
          that was returned with the previous set of results. The initial  re-
          quest does not include a pagination token.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Administrators -> (list)
          The list of delegated administrator accounts.

          (structure)
              Information about the Detective administrator account for an or-
              ganization.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Web Services account identifier of the Detective
                 administrator account for the organization.

              GraphArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the organization behavior graph.

              DelegationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the  Detective  administrator  account
                 was  enabled.  The  value is an ISO8601 formatted string. For
                 example, 2021-08-18T16:35:56.284Z .

       NextToken -> (string)
          If there are more accounts remaining in the results,  then  this  is
          the pagination token to use to request the next page of accounts.



                                            LIST-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNTS()
