LIST-GRAPHS()                                                    LIST-GRAPHS()



NAME
       list-graphs -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the list of behavior graphs that the calling account is an ad-
       ministrator account of. This operation can only be called by an  admin-
       istrator account.

       Because  an  account can currently only be the administrator of one be-
       havior graph within a Region, the results always contain a  single  be-
       havior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-graphs
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          For  requests  to get the next page of results, the pagination token
          that was returned with the previous set of results. The initial  re-
          quest does not include a pagination token.

       --max-results (integer)
          The  maximum number of graphs to return at a time. The total must be
          less than the overall limit on the  number  of  results  to  return,
          which is currently 200.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To  view a list of behavior graphs that your account is the administra-
       tor for

       The following list-graphs example retrieves the  behavior  graphs  that
       the calling account is the administrator for within the current Region.

          aws detective list-graphs

       Output:

          {
              "GraphList": [
                  {
                      "Arn": "arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234",
                      "CreatedTime": 1579736111000
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       GraphList -> (list)
          A  list  of behavior graphs that the account is an administrator ac-
          count for.

          (structure)
              A behavior graph in Detective.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the behavior graph.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the behavior graph  was  created.  The
                 value   is   an   ISO8601   formatted  string.  For  example,
                 2021-08-18T16:35:56.284Z .

       NextToken -> (string)
          If there are more behavior graphs remaining  in  the  results,  then
          this  is the pagination token to use to request the next page of be-
          havior graphs.



                                                                 LIST-GRAPHS()
