LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the tag values that are assigned to a behavior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph for which to retrieve the tag values.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the tags assigned to a behavior graph

       The  following list-tags-for-resource example returns the tags assigned
       to the specified behavior graph.

          aws detective list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "Department" : "Finance"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Managing tags for a  behavior  graph  in  the
       Amazon Detective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          The  tag values that are assigned to the behavior graph. The request
          returns up to 50 tag values.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
