TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Applies tag values to a behavior graph.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the behavior graph to assign the tags to.

       --tags (map)
          The tags to assign to the behavior graph. You can add up to 50 tags.
          For each tag, you provide the tag key and the tag  value.  Each  tag
          key  can contain up to 128 characters. Each tag value can contain up
          to 256 characters.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To assign a tag to a resource

       The following tag-resource example assigns a value for  the  Department
       tag to the specified behavior graph.

          aws detective tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:detective:us-east-1:111122223333:graph:123412341234 \
              --tags '{"Department":"Finance"}'

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Managing tags for a behavior graph in the
       Amazon Detective Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
