DISABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-DISABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       disable-health-service-access-for-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  Health  from  working with Organizations. To call this opera-
       tion, you must sign in as an Identity and Access Management (IAM) user,
       assume  an  IAM  role, or sign in as the root user (not recommended) in
       the  organization's  management  account.  For  more  information,  see
       Aggregating Health events in the Health User Guide .

       This  operation doesn't remove the service-linked role from the manage-
       ment account in your organization. You must use the IAM  console,  API,
       or  Command Line Interface (CLI) to remove the service-linked role. For
       more information, see Deleting a Service-Linked Role in  the  IAM  User
       Guide .

       NOTE:
          You can also disable the organizational feature by using the Organi-
          zations DisableAWSServiceAccess API operation. After you  call  this
          operation,  Health stops aggregating events for all other Amazon Web
          Services accounts in your organization. If you call the  Health  API
          operations  for organizational view, Health returns an error. Health
          continues to aggregate health events for your  Amazon  Web  Services
          account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-health-service-access-for-organization
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                              DISABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()
