ENABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOENABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       enable-health-service-access-for-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  Health  to  work with Organizations. You can use the organiza-
       tional view feature to aggregate events from all  Amazon  Web  Services
       accounts in your organization in a centralized location.

       This  operation  also  creates a service-linked role for the management
       account in the organization.

       NOTE:
          To call this operation, you must meet the following requirements:

          o You must have a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or  Enterprise  Sup-
            port  plan from Amazon Web Services Support to use the Health API.
            If you call the Health API from an  Amazon  Web  Services  account
            that  doesn't  have  a Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise
            Support plan, you receive a SubscriptionRequiredException error.

          o You must have permission to call this operation from the organiza-
            tion's  management  account.  For example IAM policies, see Health
            identity-based policy examples .

       If you don't have the required support plan, you can  instead  use  the
       Health  console to enable the organizational view feature. For more in-
       formation, see Aggregating Health events in the Health User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-health-service-access-for-organization
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                               ENABLE-HEALTH-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()
