CANCEL-DEPLOYMENT()                                        CANCEL-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       cancel-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels a deployment. This operation cancels the deployment for devices
       that haven't yet received it. If a device already received the  deploy-
       ment, this operation doesn't change anything for that device.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-deployment
          --deployment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --deployment-id (string)
          The ID of the deployment.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a deployment

       The  following  cancel-deployment example stops a continuous deployment
       to a thing group.

          aws greengrassv2 cancel-deployment \
              --deployment-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       Output:

          {
              "message": "SUCCESS"
          }

       For more information, see Cancel deployments in the AWS IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       message -> (string)
          A message that communicates if the cancel was successful.



                                                           CANCEL-DEPLOYMENT()
