DELETE-CORE-DEVICE()                                      DELETE-CORE-DEVICE()



NAME
       delete-core-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Greengrass core device, which is an IoT thing. This operation
       removes the core device from the list of core devices.  This  operation
       doesn't  delete the IoT thing. For more information about how to delete
       the IoT thing, see DeleteThing in the IoT API Reference .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-core-device
          --core-device-thing-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --core-device-thing-name (string)
          The name of the core device. This is also the name of the IoT thing.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a core device

       The following delete-core-device example deletes an AWS IoT  Greengrass
       core device.

          aws greengrassv2 delete-core-device \
              --core-device-thing-name MyGreengrassCore

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Uninstall the AWS IoT Greengrass Core soft-
       ware in the AWS IoT Greengrass V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-CORE-DEVICE()
