DELETE-COMPONENT()                                          DELETE-COMPONENT()



NAME
       delete-component -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a version of a component from IoT Greengrass.

       NOTE:
          This  operation  deletes  the component's recipe and artifacts. As a
          result, deployments that refer to this component version will  fail.
          If you have deployments that use this component version, you can re-
          move the component from the deployment or update the  deployment  to
          use a valid version.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-component
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the component version.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a component version

       The following delete-component example deletes a Hello World component.

          aws greengrassv2 delete-component \
              --arn arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:components:com.example.HelloWorld:versions:1.0.0

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Manage components in the AWS  IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-COMPONENT()
