DISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNTDISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disassociate-service-role-from-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the Greengrass service role from IoT Greengrass for your
       Amazon Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Region. Without
       a  service role, IoT Greengrass can't verify the identity of client de-
       vices or manage core device connectivity information. For more informa-
       tion,  see  Greengrass service role in the IoT Greengrass Version 2 De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-service-role-from-account
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disassociate the Greengrass service role from your AWS account

       The following disassociate-service-role-from-account example disassoci-
       ates  the  Greengrass service role from AWS IoT Greengrass for your AWS
       account.

          aws greengrassv2 disassociate-service-role-from-account

       Output:

          {
              "disassociatedAt": "2022-01-19T19:26:09Z"
          }

       For more information, see Greengrass service role in the AWS IoT Green-
       grass V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       disassociatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the service role was disassociated from IoT Greengrass
          for your Amazon Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Re-
          gion.



                                      DISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNT()
