GET-COMPONENT()                                                GET-COMPONENT()



NAME
       get-component -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  recipe  for  a version of a component. Core devices can call
       this operation to identify the artifacts and requirements to install  a
       component.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-component
          [--recipe-output-format <value>]
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --recipe-output-format (string)
          The format of the recipe.

          Possible values:

          o JSON

          o YAML

       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the component version.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example  1:  To  download  a  component's recipe in YAML format (Linux,
       macOS, or Unix)

       The following get-component example downloads a Hello World component's
       recipe to a file in YAML format. This command does the following:

       1. Uses  the  --output  and --query parameters to control the command's
          output. These parameters extract the recipe blob from the  command's
          output.   For   more   information  about  controlling  output,  see
          Controlling Command Output in the AWS Command  Line  Interface  User
          Guide.

       2. Uses  the base64 utility. This utility decodes the extracted blob to
          the original text.  The  blob  that  is  returned  by  a  successful
          get-component  command  is base64-encoded text. You must decode this
          blob to obtain the original text.

       3. Saves the decoded text to a file. The final section of  the  command
          (>  com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.json)  saves  the decoded text to a
          file.

          aws greengrassv2 get-component \
              --arn arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:components:com.example.HelloWorld:versions:1.0.0 \
              --recipe-output-format YAML \
              --query recipe \
              --output text | base64 --decode > com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.json

       For more information, see Manage components in the AWS  IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

       Example  2:  To  download  a component's recipe in YAML format (Windows
       CMD)

       The following get-component example downloads a Hello World component's
       recipe  to  a file in YAML format. This command uses the certutil util-
       ity.

          aws greengrassv2 get-component ^
              --arn arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:675946970638:components:com.example.HelloWorld:versions:1.0.0 ^
              --recipe-output-format YAML ^
              --query recipe ^
              --output text > com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml.b64

          certutil -decode com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml.b64 com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml

       For more information, see Manage components in the AWS  IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

       Example  3:  To  download  a component's recipe in YAML format (Windows
       PowerShell)

       The following get-component example downloads a Hello World component's
       recipe  to  a file in YAML format. This command uses the certutil util-
       ity.

          aws greengrassv2 get-component `
              --arn arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:675946970638:components:com.example.HelloWorld:versions:1.0.0 `
              --recipe-output-format YAML `
              --query recipe `
              --output text > com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml.b64

          certutil -decode com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml.b64 com.example.HelloWorld-1.0.0.yaml

       For more information, see Manage components in the AWS  IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       recipeOutputFormat -> (string)
          The format of the recipe.

       recipe -> (blob)
          The recipe of the component version.

       tags -> (map)
          A  list  of  key-value pairs that contain metadata for the resource.
          For more information, see Tag your resources in the  IoT  Greengrass
          V2 Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                               GET-COMPONENT()
