GET-CONNECTIVITY-INFO()                                GET-CONNECTIVITY-INFO()



NAME
       get-connectivity-info -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves connectivity information for a Greengrass core device.

       Connectivity  information includes endpoints and ports where client de-
       vices can connect to an MQTT broker on the core device. When  a  client
       device calls the Greengrass discovery API , IoT Greengrass returns con-
       nectivity information for all of the core devices where the client  de-
       vice  can  connect. For more information, see Connect client devices to
       core devices in the IoT Greengrass Version 2 Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-connectivity-info
          --thing-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thing-name (string)
          The name of the core device. This is also the name of the IoT thing.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the connectivity information for a Greengrass core device

       The  following  get-connectivity-info example gets the connectivity in-
       formation for a Greengrass core device. Client devices use this  infor-
       mation to connect to the MQTT broker that runs on this core device.

          aws greengrassv2 get-connectivity-info \
              --thing-name MyGreengrassCore

       Output:

          {
              "connectivityInfo": [
                  {
                      "id": "localIP_192.0.2.0",
                      "hostAddress": "192.0.2.0",
                      "portNumber": 8883
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Manage core device endpoints in the AWS IoT
       Greengrass V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       connectivityInfo -> (list)
          The connectivity information for the core device.

          (structure)
              Contains information about an endpoint and port where client de-
              vices can connect to an MQTT broker on a Greengrass core device.

              id -> (string)
                 An ID for the connectivity information.

              hostAddress -> (string)
                 The  IP  address or DNS address where client devices can con-
                 nect to an MQTT broker on the Greengrass core device.

              portNumber -> (integer)
                 The port where the MQTT broker operates on the  core  device.
                 This  port  is  typically 8883, which is the default port for
                 the MQTT broker component that runs on core devices.

              metadata -> (string)
                 Additional metadata to provide to client devices that connect
                 to this core device.

       message -> (string)
          A message about the connectivity information request.



                                                       GET-CONNECTIVITY-INFO()
