GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()                  GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-service-role-for-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  service  role associated with IoT Greengrass for your Amazon
       Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Region. IoT Greengrass
       uses this role to verify the identity of client devices and manage core
       device connectivity information. For more information,  see  Greengrass
       service role in the IoT Greengrass Version 2 Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-service-role-for-account
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get the Greengrass service role for your AWS account

       The  following  get-service-role-for-account  example  gets the service
       role that's associated with AWS IoT Greengrass for your AWS account.

          aws greengrassv2 get-service-role-for-account

       Output:

          {
              "associatedAt": "2022-01-19T19:21:53Z",
              "roleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/Greengrass_ServiceRole"
          }

       For more information, see Greengrass service role in the AWS IoT Green-
       grass V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       associatedAt -> (string)
          The  time  when  the service role was associated with IoT Greengrass
          for your Amazon Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Re-
          gion.

       roleArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  of the service role that is associated with IoT Greengrass
          for your Amazon Web Services account in this Amazon Web Services Re-
          gion.



                                                GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()
