LIST-COMPONENTS()                                            LIST-COMPONENTS()



NAME
       list-components -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  paginated list of component summaries. This list includes
       components that you have permission to view.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-components is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: components

SYNOPSIS
            list-components
          [--scope <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --scope (string)
          The scope of the components to list.

          Default: PRIVATE

          Possible values:

          o PRIVATE

          o PUBLIC

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list components

       The following list-components example lists each component and its lat-
       est version defined in your AWS account in the current Region.

          aws greengrassv2 list-components

       Output:

          {
              "components": [
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:components:com.example.HelloWorld",
                      "componentName": "com.example.HelloWorld",
                      "latestVersion": {
                          "arn": "arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:components:com.example.HelloWorld:versions:1.0.1",
                          "componentVersion": "1.0.1",
                          "creationTimestamp": "2021-01-08T16:51:07.352000-08:00",
                          "description": "My first AWS IoT Greengrass component.",
                          "publisher": "Amazon",
                          "platforms": [
                              {
                                  "attributes": {
                                      "os": "linux"
                                  }
                              }
                          ]
                      }
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Manage components in the AWS IoT Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       components -> (list)
          A list that summarizes each component.

          (structure)
              Contains information about a component.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the component version.

              componentName -> (string)
                 The name of the component.

              latestVersion -> (structure)
                 The latest version of the component and its details.

                 arn -> (string)
                     The ARN of the component version.

                 componentVersion -> (string)
                     The version of the component.

                 creationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                     The time at which the component was created, expressed in
                     ISO 8601 format.

                 description -> (string)
                     The description of the component version.

                 publisher -> (string)
                     The publisher of the component version.

                 platforms -> (list)
                     The platforms that the component version supports.

                     (structure)
                        Contains information about a platform that a component
                        supports.

                        name -> (string)
                            The friendly name of the platform. This name helps
                            you identify the platform.

                            If you omit this parameter, IoT Greengrass creates
                            a friendly name from the os  and  architecture  of
                            the platform.

                        attributes -> (map)
                            A  dictionary  of attributes for the platform. The
                            IoT Greengrass Core software defines  the  os  and
                            platform  by  default.  You can specify additional
                            platform attributes for a core device when you de-
                            ploy  the  Greengrass  nucleus component. For more
                            information, see the Greengrass nucleus  component
                            in the IoT Greengrass V2 Developer Guide .

                            key -> (string)

                            value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no addi-
          tional results.



                                                             LIST-COMPONENTS()
