TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  tags  to  an IoT Greengrass resource. If a tag already exists for
       the resource, this operation updates the tag's value.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource to tag.

       --tags (map)
          A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata  for  the  resource.
          For  more  information, see Tag your resources in the IoT Greengrass
          V2 Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a tag to a resource

       The following tag-resource example adds an owner  tag  to  an  AWS  IoT
       Greengrass  core  device. You can use this tag to control access to the
       core device based on who owns it.

          aws greengrassv2 tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:coreDevices:MyGreengrassCore \
              --tags Owner=richard-roe

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tag your resources in the AWS IoT  Greengrass
       V2 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
