DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-HEALTH()                  DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-HEALTH()



NAME
       describe-organization-health -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  active  insights, predictive insights, and resource hours ana-
       lyzed in last hour.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-organization-health
          [--account-ids <value>]
          [--organizational-unit-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The ID of the Amazon Web Services account.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --organizational-unit-ids (list)
          The ID of the organizational unit.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       OpenReactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of open  reactive  insights  in
          your Amazon Web Services account.

       OpenProactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An  integer  that specifies the number of open proactive insights in
          your Amazon Web Services account.

       MetricsAnalyzed -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of metrics that have been  ana-
          lyzed in your organization.

       ResourceHours -> (long)
          The  number  of Amazon DevOps Guru resource analysis hours billed to
          the current Amazon Web Services account in the last hour.



                                                DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-HEALTH()
