DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-HEALTH()                            DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-HEALTH()



NAME
       describe-account-health -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the number of open reactive insights, the number of open proac-
       tive insights, and the number of metrics analyzed in  your  Amazon  Web
       Services  account.  Use these numbers to gauge the health of operations
       in your Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account-health
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       OpenReactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of open  reactive  insights  in
          your Amazon Web Services account.

       OpenProactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An  integer  that specifies the number of open proactive insights in
          your Amazon Web Services account.

       MetricsAnalyzed -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of metrics that have been  ana-
          lyzed in your Amazon Web Services account.

       ResourceHours -> (long)
          The  number  of Amazon DevOps Guru resource analysis hours billed to
          the current Amazon Web Services account in the last hour.



                                                     DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-HEALTH()
