DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-OVERVIEW()                        DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-OVERVIEW()



NAME
       describe-account-overview -

DESCRIPTION
       For  the  time range passed in, returns the number of open reactive in-
       sight that were created, the number of  open  proactive  insights  that
       were  created, and the Mean Time to Recover (MTTR) for all closed reac-
       tive insights.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account-overview
          --from-time <value>
          [--to-time <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --from-time (timestamp)
          The start of the time range passed in. The start time granularity is
          at  the day level. The floor of the start time is used. Returned in-
          formation occurred after this day.

       --to-time (timestamp)
          The end of the time range passed in. The start time  granularity  is
          at  the day level. The floor of the start time is used. Returned in-
          formation occurred before this day. If this is not  specified,  then
          the current day is used.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of open  reactive  insights  in
          your  Amazon  Web Services account that were created during the time
          range passed in.

       ProactiveInsights -> (integer)
          An integer that specifies the number of open proactive  insights  in
          your  Amazon  Web Services account that were created during the time
          range passed in.

       MeanTimeToRecoverInMilliseconds -> (long)
          The Mean Time to Recover (MTTR) for all closed  insights  that  were
          created during the time range passed in.



                                                   DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-OVERVIEW()
