GET-COST-ESTIMATION()                                    GET-COST-ESTIMATION()



NAME
       get-cost-estimation -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an estimate of the monthly cost for DevOps Guru to analyze your
       Amazon Web Services resources. For more information, see Estimate  your
       Amazon DevOps Guru costs and Amazon DevOps Guru pricing .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       get-cost-estimation is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Costs

SYNOPSIS
            get-cost-estimation
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable  automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       ResourceCollection -> (structure)
          The collection of the Amazon Web Services resources used  to  create
          your monthly DevOps Guru cost estimate.

          CloudFormation -> (structure)
              An  object  that specifies the CloudFormation stack that defines
              the Amazon Web Services resources used to create a monthly esti-
              mate for DevOps Guru.

              StackNames -> (list)
                 An  array of CloudFormation stack names. Its size is fixed at
                 1 item.

                 (string)

          Tags -> (list)
              The Amazon Web Services tags used to filter the resource collec-
              tion that is used for a cost estimate.

              Tags help you identify and organize your Amazon Web Services re-
              sources. Many Amazon Web Services services support  tagging,  so
              you can assign the same tag to resources from different services
              to indicate that the resources are related. For example, you can
              assign  the  same  tag to an Amazon DynamoDB table resource that
              you assign to an Lambda function. For more information about us-
              ing tags, see the Tagging best practices whitepaper.

              Each Amazon Web Services tag has two parts.

              o A  tag  key (for example, CostCenter , Environment , Project ,
                or Secret ). Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              o An  optional  field  known  as  a  tag  value  (for   example,
                111122223333  , Production , or a team name). Omitting the tag
                value is the same as using an empty string. Like  tag  keys  ,
                tag values are case-sensitive.

              Together these are known as key -value pairs.

              WARNING:
                 The  string  used  for  a key in a tag that you use to define
                 your  resource  coverage  must  begin  with  the  prefix  De-
                 vops-guru-  . The tag key might be DevOps-Guru-deployment-ap-
                 plication or devops-guru-rds-application . When you create  a
                 key  ,  the case of characters in the key can be whatever you
                 choose. After you create a key , it  is  case-sensitive.  For
                 example,  DevOps  Guru works with a key named devops-guru-rds
                 and a key named DevOps-Guru-RDS , and these act as  two  dif-
                 ferent  keys  . Possible key /value pairs in your application
                 might  be   Devops-Guru-production-application/RDS   or   De-
                 vops-Guru-production-application/containers .

              (structure)
                 Information  about  a  collection  of Amazon Web Services re-
                 sources that are identified by an Amazon  Web  Services  tag.
                 This collection of resources is used to create a monthly cost
                 estimate for DevOps Guru to analyze Amazon Web  Services  re-
                 sources.  The  maximum  number  of tags you can specify for a
                 cost estimate is one. The estimate created is for the cost to
                 analyze the Amazon Web Services resources defined by the tag.
                 For more information, see Stacks in the Amazon  Web  Services
                 CloudFormation User Guide .

                 AppBoundaryKey -> (string)
                     An  Amazon  Web Services tag key that is used to identify
                     the Amazon Web Services resources that DevOps  Guru  ana-
                     lyzes.  All Amazon Web Services resources in your account
                     and Region tagged with this key make up your DevOps  Guru
                     application and analysis boundary.

                     WARNING:
                        The string used for a key in a tag that you use to de-
                        fine your resource coverage must begin with the prefix
                        Devops-guru-  .  The  tag key might be DevOps-Guru-de-
                        ployment-application or devops-guru-rds-application  .
                        When  you create a key , the case of characters in the
                        key can be whatever you choose. After you create a key
                        , it is case-sensitive. For example, DevOps Guru works
                        with a key named devops-guru-rds and a key  named  De-
                        vOps-Guru-RDS  , and these act as two different keys .
                        Possible key /value pairs in your application might be
                        Devops-Guru-production-application/RDS      or     De-
                        vops-Guru-production-application/containers .

                 TagValues -> (list)
                     The values in an Amazon Web Services tag collection.

                     The tag's value is an optional field used to associate  a
                     string with the tag key (for example, 111122223333 , Pro-
                     duction , or a team name). The  key  and  value  are  the
                     tag's key pair. Omitting the tag value is the same as us-
                     ing an empty string. Like  tag  keys  ,  tag  values  are
                     case-sensitive.  You can specify a maximum of 256 charac-
                     ters for a tag value.

                     (string)

       Status -> (string)
          The status  of  creating  this  cost  estimate.  If  it's  still  in
          progress,  the  status  ONGOING  is returned. If it is finished, the
          status COMPLETED is returned.

       Costs -> (list)
          An array of ResourceCost objects that each  contains  details  about
          the monthly cost estimate to analyze one of your Amazon Web Services
          resources.

          (structure)
              An object that contains information about the estimated  monthly
              cost to analyze an Amazon Web Services resource. For more infor-
              mation, see Estimate your Amazon DevOps Guru  costs  and  Amazon
              DevOps Guru pricing .

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the Amazon Web Services resource.

              State -> (string)
                 The  state of the resource. The resource is ACTIVE if it pro-
                 duces metrics, events, or logs within an hour,  otherwise  it
                 is  INACTIVE  .  You  pay for the number of active Amazon Web
                 Services resource hours analyzed for each resource.  Inactive
                 resources are not charged.

              Count -> (integer)
                 The  number  of active resources analyzed for this service to
                 create a monthly cost estimate.

              UnitCost -> (double)
                 The price per hour to analyze the resources in  the  service.
                 For  more  information,  see Estimate your Amazon DevOps Guru
                 costs and Amazon DevOps Guru pricing .

              Cost -> (double)
                 The total estimated monthly cost to analyze  the  active  re-
                 sources for this resource.

       TimeRange -> (structure)
          The start and end time of the cost estimation.

          StartTime -> (timestamp)
              The start time of the cost estimation.

          EndTime -> (timestamp)
              The end time of the cost estimation.

       TotalCost -> (double)
          The  estimated  monthly  cost to analyze the Amazon Web Services re-
          sources. This value is the sum of the  estimated  costs  to  analyze
          each resource in the Costs object in this response.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                                         GET-COST-ESTIMATION()
