LIST-NOTIFICATION-CHANNELS()                      LIST-NOTIFICATION-CHANNELS()



NAME
       list-notification-channels -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  notification channels configured for DevOps Guru.
       Each notification channel is used to notify you when DevOps Guru gener-
       ates an insight that contains information about how to improve your op-
       erations. The one supported notification channel is Amazon Simple Noti-
       fication Service (Amazon SNS).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-notification-channels is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: Channels

SYNOPSIS
            list-notification-channels
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       Channels -> (list)
          An array that contains the requested notification channels.

          (structure)
              Information about a notification channel. A notification channel
              is used to notify you when DevOps Guru creates an  insight.  The
              one supported notification channel is Amazon Simple Notification
              Service (Amazon SNS).

              If you use an Amazon SNS topic in another account, you must  at-
              tach a policy to it that grants DevOps Guru permission to it no-
              tifications. DevOps Guru adds the required policy on your behalf
              to  send  notifications using Amazon SNS in your account. DevOps
              Guru only supports standard SNS topics.  For  more  information,
              see Permissions for cross account Amazon SNS topics .

              If  you use an Amazon SNS topic in another account, you must at-
              tach a policy to it that grants DevOps Guru permission to it no-
              tifications. DevOps Guru adds the required policy on your behalf
              to send notifications using Amazon SNS in your account. For more
              information,  see  Permissions for cross account Amazon SNS top-
              ics.

              If you use an Amazon SNS topic that is encrypted  by  an  Amazon
              Web  Services Key Management Service customer-managed key (CMK),
              then you must add permissions to the CMK. For more  information,
              see  Permissions for Amazon Web Services KMSencrypted Amazon SNS
              topics .

              Id -> (string)
                 The ID of a notification channel.

              Config -> (structure)
                 A NotificationChannelConfig object that contains  information
                 about configured notification channels.

                 Sns -> (structure)
                     Information  about  a  notification channel configured in
                     DevOps Guru to send notifications when insights are  cre-
                     ated.

                     If  you  use  an Amazon SNS topic in another account, you
                     must attach a policy to it that grants DevOps  Guru  per-
                     mission  to  it  notifications.  DevOps Guru adds the re-
                     quired policy on your behalf to send notifications  using
                     Amazon  SNS  in  your  account. DevOps Guru only supports
                     standard  SNS   topics.   For   more   information,   see
                     Permissions for cross account Amazon SNS topics .

                     If  you  use  an Amazon SNS topic in another account, you
                     must attach a policy to it that grants DevOps  Guru  per-
                     mission  to  it  notifications.  DevOps Guru adds the re-
                     quired policy on your behalf to send notifications  using
                     Amazon  SNS  in  your  account. For more information, see
                     Permissions for cross account Amazon SNS topics.

                     If you use an Amazon SNS topic that is  encrypted  by  an
                     Amazon  Web Services Key Management Service customer-man-
                     aged key (CMK), then you must add permissions to the CMK.
                     For more information, see Permissions for Amazon Web Ser-
                     vices KMSencrypted Amazon SNS topics .

                     TopicArn -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Amazon Simple No-
                        tification Service topic.

                 Filters -> (structure)
                     The filter configurations for the Amazon SNS notification
                     topic you use with DevOps Guru. If  you  do  not  provide
                     filter  configurations, the default configurations are to
                     receive notifications for all message types  of  High  or
                     Medium severity.

                     Severities -> (list)
                        The severity levels that you want to receive notifica-
                        tions for. For example, you can choose to receive  no-
                        tifications  only  for  insights  with HIGH and MEDIUM
                        severity   levels.   For   more    information,    see
                        Understanding insight severities .

                        (string)

                     MessageTypes -> (list)
                        The events that you want to receive notifications for.
                        For example, you can choose to  receive  notifications
                        only  when the severity level is upgraded or a new in-
                        sight is created.

                        (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                                  LIST-NOTIFICATION-CHANNELS()
