ACTIVATE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()                          ACTIVATE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()



NAME
       activate-contact-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Activates  a contact's contact channel. Incident Manager can't engage a
       contact until the contact channel has been activated.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            activate-contact-channel
          --contact-channel-id <value>
          --activation-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --contact-channel-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact channel.

       --activation-code (string)
          The code sent to the contact channel when it was created in the con-
          tact.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Activate a contact's contact channel

       The  following  activate-contact-channel  example  activates  a contact
       channel and makes it usable as part of an incident.

          aws ssm-contacts activate-contact-channel \
              --contact-channel-id "arn:aws:ssm-contacts:us-east-2:111122223333:contact-channel/akuam/fc7405c4-46b2-48b7-87b2-93e2f225b90d" \
              --activation-code "466136"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Contacts in the Incident Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    ACTIVATE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()
