DELETE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()                              DELETE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()



NAME
       delete-contact-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       To  no  longer receive engagements on a contact channel, you can delete
       the channel from a contact. Deleting the  contact  channel  removes  it
       from  the  contact's  engagement  plan.  If you delete the only contact
       channel for a contact, you won't be able to engage that contact  during
       an incident.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-contact-channel
          --contact-channel-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --contact-channel-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact channel.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a contact channel

       The following delete-contact-channel example deletes a contact channel.
       Deleting a contact channel ensures the  contact  channel  will  not  be
       paged during an incident.

          aws ssm-contacts delete-contact-channel \
              --contact-channel-id "arn:aws:ssm-contacts:us-east-1:111122223333:contact-channel/akuam/13149bad-52ee-45ea-ae1e-45857f78f9b2"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Contacts in the Incident Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-CONTACT-CHANNEL()
