SEND-ACTIVATION-CODE()                                  SEND-ACTIVATION-CODE()



NAME
       send-activation-code -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends an activation code to a contact channel. The contact can use this
       code to activate the contact channel in the console or with  the  Acti-
       vateChannel  operation. Incident Manager can't engage a contact channel
       until it has been activated.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-activation-code
          --contact-channel-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --contact-channel-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact channel.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To send an activation code

       The following send-activation-code example sends an activation code and
       message to the specified contact channel.

          aws ssm-contacts send-activation-code \
              --contact-channel-id "arn:aws:ssm-contacts:us-east-1:111122223333:contact-channel/akuam/8ddae2d1-12c8-4e45-b852-c8587266c400"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Contacts in the Incident Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        SEND-ACTIVATION-CODE()
