STOP-ENGAGEMENT()                                            STOP-ENGAGEMENT()



NAME
       stop-engagement -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  an  engagement before it finishes the final stage of the escala-
       tion plan or engagement plan. Further contacts aren't engaged.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-engagement
          --engagement-id <value>
          [--reason <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --engagement-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the engagement.

       --reason (string)
          The reason that you're stopping the engagement.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop an engagement

       The  following  stop-engagement example stops an engagement from paging
       further contacts and contact channels.

          aws ssm-contacts stop-engagement \
              --engagement-id "arn:aws:ssm-contacts:us-east-2:111122223333:engagement/example_escalation/69e40ce1-8dbb-4d57-8962-5fbe7fc53356"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Contacts in the Incident Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             STOP-ENGAGEMENT()
