PROCESSING-JOB-COMPLETED-OR-STOPPED()    PROCESSING-JOB-COMPLETED-OR-STOPPED()



NAME
       processing-job-completed-or-stopped -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query ProcessingJobStatus returns Completed when
       polling with describe-processing-job. It will poll every 60 seconds un-
       til  a  successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return
       code of 255 after 60 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            processing-job-completed-or-stopped
          --processing-job-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --processing-job-name (string)
          The name of the processing job. The name must be  unique  within  an
          Amazon Web Services Region in the Amazon Web Services account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         PROCESSING-JOB-COMPLETED-OR-STOPPED()
