DESCRIBE-LOGGING-CONFIGURATION()              DESCRIBE-LOGGING-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-logging-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes logging configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-logging-configuration
          --workspace-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workspace-id (string)
          The ID of the workspace to vend logs to.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       loggingConfiguration -> (structure)
          Metadata object containing information about the logging  configura-
          tion of a workspace.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the logging configuration was created.

          logGroupArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the CW log group to which the vended log data will be
              published.

          modifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the logging configuration was modified.

          status -> (structure)
              The status of the logging configuration.

              statusCode -> (string)
                 Status code of the logging configuration.

              statusReason -> (string)
                 The reason for failure if any.

          workspace -> (string)
              The workspace where the logging configuration exists.



                                              DESCRIBE-LOGGING-CONFIGURATION()
