DESCRIBE-ALERT-MANAGER-DEFINITION()        DESCRIBE-ALERT-MANAGER-DEFINITION()



NAME
       describe-alert-manager-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes an alert manager definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-alert-manager-definition
          --workspace-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workspace-id (string)
          The ID of the workspace to describe.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       alertManagerDefinition -> (structure)
          The properties of the selected workspace's alert manager definition.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the alert manager definition was created.

          data -> (blob)
              The alert manager definition.

          modifiedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the alert manager definition was modified.

          status -> (structure)
              The status of alert manager definition.

              statusCode -> (string)
                 Status code of this definition.

              statusReason -> (string)
                 The reason for failure if any.



                                           DESCRIBE-ALERT-MANAGER-DEFINITION()
