DESCRIBE-DATASET()                                          DESCRIBE-DATASET()



NAME
       describe-dataset -

DESCRIPTION
       Describe an Amazon Lookout for Vision dataset.

       This  operation  requires  permissions to perform the lookoutvision:De-
       scribeDataset operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-dataset
          --project-name <value>
          --dataset-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The name of the project that contains the dataset that you  want  to
          describe.

       --dataset-type (string)
          The  type  of the dataset to describe. Specify train to describe the
          training dataset. Specify test to describe the test dataset. If  you
          have a single dataset project, specify train

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DatasetDescription -> (structure)
          The description of the requested dataset.

          ProjectName -> (string)
              The name of the project that contains the dataset.

          DatasetType -> (string)
              The type of the dataset. The value train represents  a  training
              dataset  or  single dataset project. The value test represents a
              test dataset.

          CreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The Unix timestamp for the time and date that  the  dataset  was
              created.

          LastUpdatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  Unix  timestamp  for the date and time that the dataset was
              last updated.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the dataset.

          StatusMessage -> (string)
              The status message for the dataset.

          ImageStats -> (structure)
              Statistics about the images in a dataset.

              Total -> (integer)
                 The total number of images in the dataset.

              Labeled -> (integer)
                 The total number of labeled images.

              Normal -> (integer)
                 The total number of images labeled as normal.

              Anomaly -> (integer)
                 the total number of images labeled as an anomaly.



                                                            DESCRIBE-DATASET()
