DETECT-ANOMALIES()                                          DETECT-ANOMALIES()



NAME
       detect-anomalies -

DESCRIPTION
       Detects anomalies in an image that you supply.

       The  response  from  DetectAnomalies includes a boolean prediction that
       the image contains one or more anomalies and a confidence value for the
       prediction.  If  the model is an image segmentation model, the response
       also includes segmentation information for each type of  anomaly  found
       in the image.

       NOTE:
          Before  calling  DetectAnomalies  ,  you must first start your model
          with the  StartModel operation. You are charged for  the  amount  of
          time,  in  minutes,  that a model runs and for the number of anomaly
          detection units that your model uses. If you are not using a  model,
          use the  StopModel operation to stop your model.

       For more information, see Detecting anomalies in an image in the Amazon
       Lookout for Vision developer guide.

       This operation requires permissions to  perform  the  lookoutvision:De-
       tectAnomalies operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-anomalies
          --project-name <value>
          --model-version <value>
          --body <value>
          --content-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  project that contains the model version that you
          want to use.

       --model-version (string)
          The version of the model that you want to use.

       --body (blob)
          The unencrypted image bytes that you want to analyze.

       --content-type (string)
          The type of the image passed in Body . Valid  values  are  image/png
          (PNG format images) and image/jpeg (JPG format images).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DetectAnomalyResult -> (structure)
          The results of the DetectAnomalies operation.

          Source -> (structure)
              The source of the image that was analyzed. direct means that the
              images was supplied from the local computer. No other values are
              supported.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the image.

          IsAnomalous -> (boolean)
              True if Amazon Lookout for Vision classifies the image  as  con-
              taining an anomaly, otherwise false.

          Confidence -> (float)
              The  confidence  that  Lookout for Vision has in the accuracy of
              the classification in IsAnomalous .

          Anomalies -> (list)
              If the model is an image segmentation model, Anomalies  contains
              a  list  of anomaly types found in the image. There is one entry
              for each type of anomaly found (even if multiple instances of an
              anomaly  type exist on the image). The first element in the list
              is always an anomaly  type  representing  the  image  background
              ('background')  and  shouldn't  be considered an anomaly. Amazon
              Lookout for Vision automatically add the background anomaly type
              to  the  response,  and  you  don't need to declare a background
              anomaly type in your dataset.

              If the list has one  entry  ('background'),  no  anomalies  were
              found on the image.

              An image classification model doesn't return an Anomalies list.

              (structure)
                 Information about an anomaly type found on an image by an im-
                 age  segmentation  model.  For  more  information,  see   De-
                 tectAnomalies .

                 Name -> (string)
                     The  name of an anomaly type found in an image. Name maps
                     to an anomaly type in the training  dataset,  apart  from
                     the  anomaly  type background . The service automatically
                     inserts the background anomaly  type  into  the  response
                     from DetectAnomalies .

                 PixelAnomaly -> (structure)
                     Information  about  the pixel mask that covers an anomaly
                     type.

                     TotalPercentageArea -> (float)
                        The percentage area of the image that the anomaly type
                        covers.

                     Color -> (string)
                        A  hex color value for the mask that covers an anomaly
                        type. Each anomaly type has a  different  mask  color.
                        The  color  maps to the color of the anomaly type used
                        in the training dataset.

          AnomalyMask -> (blob)
              If the model is an image segmentation  model,  AnomalyMask  con-
              tains pixel masks that covers all anomaly types found on the im-
              age. Each anomaly type has a different  mask  color.  To  map  a
              color  to  an  anomaly  type,  see the color field of the  Pixe-
              lAnomaly object.

              An image classification model doesn't return an Anomalies list.



                                                            DETECT-ANOMALIES()
