STOP-MODEL()                                                      STOP-MODEL()



NAME
       stop-model -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  the hosting of a running model. The operation might take a while
       to complete. To check the current status, call  DescribeModel .

       After the model hosting stops, the Status of the model is TRAINED .

       This operation requires permissions to perform the  lookoutvision:Stop-
       Model operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-model
          --project-name <value>
          --model-version <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  project that contains the model that you want to
          stop.

       --model-version (string)
          The version of the model that you want to stop.

       --client-token (string)
          ClientToken is an idempotency token that ensures a call to StopModel
          completes  only  once. You choose the value to pass. For example, An
          issue might prevent you from getting a response from StopModel .  In
          this  case,  safely  retry  your call to StopModel by using the same
          ClientToken parameter value.

          If you don't supply a value for ClientToken , the AWS  SDK  you  are
          using inserts a value for you. This prevents retries after a network
          error from making multiple stop requests.  You'll  need  to  provide
          your own value for other use cases.

          An error occurs if the other input parameters are not the same as in
          the first request. Using a different value for ClientToken  is  con-
          sidered a new call to StopModel . An idempotency token is active for
          8 hours.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The status of the model.



                                                                  STOP-MODEL()
