UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()                              UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()



NAME
       update-dataset-entries -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds or updates one or more JSON Line entries in a dataset. A JSON Line
       includes information about an image used for  training  or  testing  an
       Amazon Lookout for Vision model.

       To  update  an existing JSON Line, use the source-ref field to identify
       the JSON Line. The JSON line that you supply replaces the existing JSON
       line.  Any  existing  annotations that are not in the new JSON line are
       removed from the dataset.

       For more information, see Defining JSON lines for  anomaly  classifica-
       tion in the Amazon Lookout for Vision Developer Guide.

       NOTE:
          The  images  you  reference  in the source-ref field of a JSON line,
          must be in the same S3 bucket as the existing images in the dataset.

       Updating a dataset might take a while to complete. To check the current
       status,  call   DescribeDataset  and  check the Status field in the re-
       sponse.

       This operation requires permissions to  perform  the  lookoutvision:Up-
       dateDatasetEntries operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-dataset-entries
          --project-name <value>
          --dataset-type <value>
          --changes <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The  name  of the project that contains the dataset that you want to
          update.

       --dataset-type (string)
          The type of the dataset that you want to update.  Specify  train  to
          update  the  training  dataset.  Specify  test  to  update  the test
          dataset. If you have a single dataset project, specify train .

       --changes (blob)
          The entries to add to the dataset.

       --client-token (string)
          ClientToken is an idempotency token that ensures a call  to  Update-
          DatasetEntries  completes  only  once. You choose the value to pass.
          For example, An issue might prevent you from getting a response from
          UpdateDatasetEntries  .  In this case, safely retry your call to Up-
          dateDatasetEntries by using the same ClientToken parameter value.

          If you don't supply a value for ClientToken , the AWS  SDK  you  are
          using inserts a value for you. This prevents retries after a network
          error from making multiple updates with the  same  dataset  entries.
          You'll need to provide your own value for other use cases.

          An error occurs if the other input parameters are not the same as in
          the first request. Using a different value for ClientToken  is  con-
          sidered a new call to UpdateDatasetEntries . An idempotency token is
          active for 8 hours.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The status of the dataset update.



                                                      UPDATE-DATASET-ENTRIES()
