DECODE-AUTHORIZATION-MESSAGE()                  DECODE-AUTHORIZATION-MESSAGE()



NAME
       decode-authorization-message -

DESCRIPTION
       Decodes  additional information about the authorization status of a re-
       quest from an encoded message returned in response  to  an  Amazon  Web
       Services request.

       For  example,  if a user is not authorized to perform an operation that
       he or she has requested, the request returns a Client.UnauthorizedOper-
       ation  response (an HTTP 403 response). Some Amazon Web Services opera-
       tions additionally return an encoded message that can  provide  details
       about this authorization failure.

       NOTE:
          Only certain Amazon Web Services operations return an encoded autho-
          rization message. The documentation for an individual operation  in-
          dicates  whether  that operation returns an encoded message in addi-
          tion to returning an HTTP code.

       The message is encoded because the details of the authorization  status
       can  contain privileged information that the user who requested the op-
       eration should not see. To decode an authorization  status  message,  a
       user  must  be granted permissions through an IAM policy to request the
       DecodeAuthorizationMessage (sts:DecodeAuthorizationMessage ) action.

       The decoded message includes the following type of information:

       o Whether the request was denied due to an explicit deny or due to  the
         absence  of  an explicit allow. For more information, see Determining
         Whether a Request is Allowed or Denied in the IAM User Guide .

       o The principal who made the request.

       o The requested action.

       o The requested resource.

       o The values of condition keys in the context of the user's request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            decode-authorization-message
          --encoded-message <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --encoded-message (string)
          The encoded message that was returned with the response.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DecodedMessage -> (string)
          The API returns a response with the decoded message.



                                                DECODE-AUTHORIZATION-MESSAGE()
