GET-FEDERATION-TOKEN()                                  GET-FEDERATION-TOKEN()



NAME
       get-federation-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  set of temporary security credentials (consisting of an ac-
       cess key ID, a secret access key, and a security token) for a federated
       user. A typical use is in a proxy application that gets temporary secu-
       rity credentials on behalf of distributed applications inside a  corpo-
       rate  network. You must call the GetFederationToken operation using the
       long-term security credentials of an IAM user. As a result,  this  call
       is  appropriate  in  contexts  where  those  credentials  can be safely
       stored, usually in a server-based  application.  For  a  comparison  of
       GetFederationToken with the other API operations that produce temporary
       credentials,  see  Requesting  Temporary   Security   Credentials   and
       Comparing  the  Amazon  Web Services STS API operations in the IAM User
       Guide .

       NOTE:
          You can create a mobile-based or browser-based app that can  authen-
          ticate  users  using a web identity provider like Login with Amazon,
          Facebook, Google, or an OpenID Connect-compatible identity provider.
          In  this  case,  we  recommend  that  you  use Amazon Cognito or As-
          sumeRoleWithWebIdentity  .  For  more  information,  see  Federation
          Through a Web-based Identity Provider in the IAM User Guide .

       You  can also call GetFederationToken using the security credentials of
       an Amazon Web Services account root user, but we do not  recommend  it.
       Instead,  we  recommend  that you create an IAM user for the purpose of
       the proxy application. Then attach a policy to the IAM user that limits
       federated users to only the actions and resources that they need to ac-
       cess. For more information, see IAM Best  Practices  in  the  IAM  User
       Guide .
          Session duration

       The  temporary  credentials  are valid for the specified duration, from
       900 seconds (15 minutes) up to a maximum of 129,600 seconds (36 hours).
       The  default  session  duration is 43,200 seconds (12 hours). Temporary
       credentials obtained by using the Amazon Web Services account root user
       credentials have a maximum duration of 3,600 seconds (1 hour).
          Permissions

       You  can use the temporary credentials created by GetFederationToken in
       any Amazon Web Services service except the following:

       o You cannot call any IAM operations using the CLI or  the  Amazon  Web
         Services API.

       o You cannot call any STS operations except GetCallerIdentity .

       You  must  pass  an inline or managed session policy to this operation.
       You can pass a single JSON policy document to use as an inline  session
       policy.  You  can also specify up to 10 managed policies to use as man-
       aged session policies. The plaintext that you use for both  inline  and
       managed session policies can't exceed 2,048 characters.

       Though the session policy parameters are optional, if you do not pass a
       policy, then the resulting federated user session has  no  permissions.
       When  you pass session policies, the session permissions are the inter-
       section of the IAM user policies and  the  session  policies  that  you
       pass.  This  gives  you a way to further restrict the permissions for a
       federated user. You cannot use session policies to grant  more  permis-
       sions  than those that are defined in the permissions policy of the IAM
       user. For more information, see Session Policies in the IAM User  Guide
       .  For  information  about using GetFederationToken to create temporary
       security credentials, see GetFederationTokenFederation Through a Custom
       Identity Broker .

       You  can  use  the  credentials  to  access  a  resource that has a re-
       source-based policy. If that policy specifically references the  feder-
       ated  user  session in the Principal element of the policy, the session
       has the permissions  allowed  by  the  policy.  These  permissions  are
       granted in addition to the permissions granted by the session policies.
          Tags

       (Optional)  You can pass tag key-value pairs to your session. These are
       called session tags. For  more  information  about  session  tags,  see
       Passing Session Tags in STS in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          You  can create a mobile-based or browser-based app that can authen-
          ticate users using a web identity provider like Login  with  Amazon,
          Facebook, Google, or an OpenID Connect-compatible identity provider.
          In this case, we recommend  that  you  use  Amazon  Cognito  or  As-
          sumeRoleWithWebIdentity  .  For  more  information,  see  Federation
          Through a Web-based Identity Provider in the IAM User Guide .

       An administrator must grant you the permissions necessary to pass  ses-
       sion  tags.  The  administrator can also create granular permissions to
       allow you to pass only specific session tags. For more information, see
       Tutorial: Using Tags for Attribute-Based Access Control in the IAM User
       Guide .

       Tag keyvalue pairs are not case sensitive, but case is preserved.  This
       means that you cannot have separate Department and department tag keys.
       Assume that the user that you are federating has the Department =``Mar-
       keting``  tag and you pass the department =``engineering`` session tag.
       Department and department are not saved as separate tags, and the  ses-
       sion tag passed in the request takes precedence over the user tag.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-federation-token
          --name <value>
          [--policy <value>]
          [--policy-arns <value>]
          [--duration-seconds <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the federated user. The name is used as an identifier
          for the temporary security credentials (such as Bob ). For  example,
          you  can  reference the federated user name in a resource-based pol-
          icy, such as in an Amazon S3 bucket policy.

          The regex used to validate this parameter is a string of  characters
          consisting  of upper- and lower-case alphanumeric characters with no
          spaces. You can also include underscores or  any  of  the  following
          characters: =,.@-

       --policy (string)
          An  IAM policy in JSON format that you want to use as an inline ses-
          sion policy.

          You must pass an inline or managed session policy to this operation.
          You  can pass a single JSON policy document to use as an inline ses-
          sion policy. You can also specify up to 10 managed policies  to  use
          as managed session policies.

          This  parameter is optional. However, if you do not pass any session
          policies, then the resulting federated user session has  no  permis-
          sions.

          When  you pass session policies, the session permissions are the in-
          tersection of the IAM user policies and the  session  policies  that
          you  pass.  This gives you a way to further restrict the permissions
          for a federated user. You cannot use session policies to grant  more
          permissions than those that are defined in the permissions policy of
          the IAM user. For more information, see Session Policies in the  IAM
          User Guide .

          The  resulting credentials can be used to access a resource that has
          a resource-based policy. If that policy specifically references  the
          federated  user  session in the Principal element of the policy, the
          session has the permissions allowed by the policy. These permissions
          are  granted  in addition to the permissions that are granted by the
          session policies.

          The plaintext that you use for both inline and managed session poli-
          cies  can't  exceed 2,048 characters. The JSON policy characters can
          be any ASCII character from the space character to the  end  of  the
          valid  character list (u0020 through u00FF). It can also include the
          tab (u0009), linefeed (u000A), and carriage return  (u000D)  charac-
          ters.

          NOTE:
              An  Amazon Web Services conversion compresses the passed session
              policies and session tags into a packed binary format that has a
              separate  limit.  Your  request  can fail for this limit even if
              your plaintext meets the other requirements.  The  PackedPolicy-
              Size  response  element  indicates  by  percentage how close the
              policies and tags for your request are to the upper size limit.

       --policy-arns (list)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the IAM  managed  policies  that
          you want to use as a managed session policy. The policies must exist
          in the same account as the IAM user that is requesting federated ac-
          cess.

          You must pass an inline or managed session policy to this operation.
          You can pass a single JSON policy document to use as an inline  ses-
          sion  policy.  You can also specify up to 10 managed policies to use
          as managed session policies. The plaintext that you use for both in-
          line and managed session policies can't exceed 2,048 characters. You
          can provide up to 10 managed policy ARNs. For more information about
          ARNs,  see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and Amazon Web Services Ser-
          vice Namespaces in the Amazon Web Services General Reference.

          This parameter is optional. However, if you do not pass any  session
          policies,  then  the resulting federated user session has no permis-
          sions.

          When you pass session policies, the session permissions are the  in-
          tersection  of  the  IAM user policies and the session policies that
          you pass. This gives you a way to further restrict  the  permissions
          for  a federated user. You cannot use session policies to grant more
          permissions than those that are defined in the permissions policy of
          the  IAM user. For more information, see Session Policies in the IAM
          User Guide .

          The resulting credentials can be used to access a resource that  has
          a  resource-based policy. If that policy specifically references the
          federated user session in the Principal element of the  policy,  the
          session has the permissions allowed by the policy. These permissions
          are granted in addition to the permissions that are granted  by  the
          session policies.

          NOTE:
              An  Amazon Web Services conversion compresses the passed session
              policies and session tags into a packed binary format that has a
              separate  limit.  Your  request  can fail for this limit even if
              your plaintext meets the other requirements.  The  PackedPolicy-
              Size  response  element  indicates  by  percentage how close the
              policies and tags for your request are to the upper size limit.

          (structure)
              A reference to the IAM managed policy that is passed as  a  ses-
              sion policy for a role session or a federated user session.

              arn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM managed policy to
                 use as a session policy for the role.  For  more  information
                 about  ARNs,  see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and Amazon Web
                 Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web  Services  Gen-
                 eral Reference .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          arn=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "arn": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --duration-seconds (integer)
          The  duration,  in seconds, that the session should last. Acceptable
          durations for federation sessions range from 900  seconds  (15  min-
          utes)  to 129,600 seconds (36 hours), with 43,200 seconds (12 hours)
          as the default. Sessions obtained using Amazon Web Services  account
          root  user  credentials are restricted to a maximum of 3,600 seconds
          (one hour). If the specified duration is longer than one  hour,  the
          session  obtained  by  using  root  user credentials defaults to one
          hour.

       --tags (list)
          A list of session tags. Each session tag consists of a key name  and
          an  associated  value.  For more information about session tags, see
          Passing Session Tags in STS in the IAM User Guide .

          This parameter is optional. You can pass up to 50 session tags.  The
          plaintext session tag keys cant exceed 128 characters and the values
          cant exceed 256 characters. For these and additional limits, see IAM
          and STS Character Limits in the IAM User Guide .

          NOTE:
              An  Amazon Web Services conversion compresses the passed session
              policies and session tags into a packed binary format that has a
              separate  limit.  Your  request  can fail for this limit even if
              your plaintext meets the other requirements.  The  PackedPolicy-
              Size  response  element  indicates  by  percentage how close the
              policies and tags for your request are to the upper size limit.

          You can pass a session tag with the same key as a tag  that  is  al-
          ready  attached to the user you are federating. When you do, session
          tags override a user tag with the same key.

          Tag keyvalue pairs are not case sensitive, but  case  is  preserved.
          This  means  that you cannot have separate Department and department
          tag keys. Assume that the role has the Department =``Marketing`` tag
          and you pass the department =``engineering`` session tag. Department
          and department are not saved as separate tags, and the  session  tag
          passed in the request takes precedence over the role tag.

          (structure)
              You  can pass custom key-value pair attributes when you assume a
              role or federate a user. These are called session tags. You  can
              then  use  the  session tags to control access to resources. For
              more information, see Tagging Amazon Web Services  STS  Sessions
              in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for a session tag.

                 You  can  pass  up to 50 session tags. The plain text session
                 tag keys cant exceed 128 characters. For these and additional
                 limits,  see  IAM  and  STS  Character Limits in the IAM User
                 Guide .

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for a session tag.

                 You can pass up to 50 session tags. The  plain  text  session
                 tag  values  cant  exceed 256 characters. For these and addi-
                 tional limits, see IAM and STS Character Limits  in  the  IAM
                 User Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Credentials -> (structure)
          The  temporary security credentials, which include an access key ID,
          a secret access key, and a security (or session) token.

          NOTE:
              The size of the security token that STS API operations return is
              not  fixed.  We  strongly recommend that you make no assumptions
              about the maximum size.

          AccessKeyId -> (string)
              The access key ID that identifies the temporary security creden-
              tials.

          SecretAccessKey -> (string)
              The secret access key that can be used to sign requests.

          SessionToken -> (string)
              The  token  that  users  must pass to the service API to use the
              temporary credentials.

          Expiration -> (timestamp)
              The date on which the current credentials expire.

       FederatedUser -> (structure)
          Identifiers for the federated user associated with  the  credentials
          (such     as     arn:aws:sts::123456789012:federated-user/Bob     or
          123456789012:Bob ). You can use the federated user's ARN in your re-
          source-based policies, such as an Amazon S3 bucket policy.

          FederatedUserId -> (string)
              The  string  that  identifies the federated user associated with
              the credentials, similar to the unique ID of an IAM user.

          Arn -> (string)
              The ARN that specifies the federated  user  that  is  associated
              with the credentials. For more information about ARNs and how to
              use them in policies, see IAM Identifiers in the IAM User  Guide
              .

       PackedPolicySize -> (integer)
          A  percentage  value  that  indicates the packed size of the session
          policies and session tags combined passed in the  request.  The  re-
          quest  fails  if  the packed size is greater than 100 percent, which
          means the policies and tags exceeded the allowed space.



                                                        GET-FEDERATION-TOKEN()
