GET-CALLER-IDENTITY()                                    GET-CALLER-IDENTITY()



NAME
       get-caller-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  details  about the IAM user or role whose credentials are used
       to call the operation.

       NOTE:
          No permissions are required to perform this operation. If an  admin-
          istrator  adds a policy to your IAM user or role that explicitly de-
          nies access to the sts:GetCallerIdentity action, you can still  per-
          form  this  operation. Permissions are not required because the same
          information is returned when an IAM user or role is  denied  access.
          To  view  an  example  response, see I Am Not Authorized to Perform:
          iam:DeleteVirtualMFADevice in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-caller-identity
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get details about the current IAM identity

       The  following  get-caller-identity  example displays information about
       the IAM identity used to authenticate the request. The caller is an IAM
       user.

          aws sts get-caller-identity

       Output:

          {
              "UserId": "AIDASAMPLEUSERID",
              "Account": "123456789012",
              "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/DevAdmin"
          }

OUTPUT
       UserId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the calling entity. The exact value depends
          on the type of entity that is making the call. The  values  returned
          are  those  listed  in  the aws:userid column in the Principal table
          found on the Policy Variables reference page in the IAM User Guide .

       Account -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID number of the account  that  owns
          or contains the calling entity.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services ARN associated with the calling entity.



                                                         GET-CALLER-IDENTITY()
