CANCEL-QUERY()                                                  CANCEL-QUERY()



NAME
       cancel-query -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels a query if the query is not in a terminated state, such as CAN-
       CELLED , FAILED or FINISHED . You must specify an ARN value for  Event-
       DataStore  .  The  ID  of the query that you want to cancel is also re-
       quired. When you run CancelQuery , the query status might show as  CAN-
       CELLED even if the operation is not yet finished.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-query
          --event-data-store <value>
          --query-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-data-store (string)
          The  ARN  (or  the  ID  suffix of the ARN) of an event data store on
          which the specified query is running.

       --query-id (string)
          The ID of the query that you want to cancel. The QueryId comes  from
          the response of a StartQuery operation.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       QueryId -> (string)
          The ID of the canceled query.

       QueryStatus -> (string)
          Shows the status of a query after a CancelQuery request.  Typically,
          the values shown are either RUNNING or CANCELLED .



                                                                CANCEL-QUERY()
