DELETE-TRAIL()                                                  DELETE-TRAIL()



NAME
       delete-trail -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a trail. This operation must be called from the region in which
       the trail was created. DeleteTrail  cannot  be  called  on  the  shadow
       trails  (replicated trails in other regions) of a trail that is enabled
       in all regions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-trail
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          Specifies the name or the CloudTrail ARN of the trail to be deleted.
          The   following  is  the  format  of  a  trail  ARN.  arn:aws:cloud-
          trail:us-east-2:123456789012:trail/MyTrail

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a trail

       The following delete-trail command deletes a trail named Trail1:

          aws cloudtrail delete-trail --name Trail1

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-TRAIL()
