LIST-TRAILS()                                                    LIST-TRAILS()



NAME
       list-trails -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists trails that are in the current account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-trails  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Trails

SYNOPSIS
            list-trails
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Trails -> (list)
          Returns the name, ARN, and home region of trails in the current  ac-
          count.

          (structure)
              Information  about  a  CloudTrail  trail,  including the trail's
              name, home region, and Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

              TrailARN -> (string)
                 The ARN of a trail.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of a trail.

              HomeRegion -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region in which a trail was created.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to get the next page of results  after  a  previous
          API call. If the token does not appear, there are no more results to
          return. The token must be passed in with the same parameters as  the
          previous  call.  For  example, if the original call specified an At-
          tributeKey of 'Username' with a value of 'root', the call with Next-
          Token should include those same parameters.



                                                                 LIST-TRAILS()
