START-LOGGING()                                                START-LOGGING()



NAME
       start-logging -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  the recording of Amazon Web Services API calls and log file de-
       livery for a trail. For a trail that is enabled in  all  regions,  this
       operation  must  be  called from the region in which the trail was cre-
       ated. This operation cannot be called on the shadow trails  (replicated
       trails in other regions) of a trail that is enabled in all regions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-logging
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          Specifies  the  name  or  the  CloudTrail ARN of the trail for which
          CloudTrail logs Amazon Web Services API calls. The following is  the
          format of a trail ARN.
              arn:aws:cloudtrail:us-east-2:123456789012:trail/MyTrail

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To start logging for a trail

       The following start-logging command turns on logging for Trail1:

          aws cloudtrail start-logging --name Trail1

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               START-LOGGING()
