STOP-LOGGING()                                                  STOP-LOGGING()



NAME
       stop-logging -

DESCRIPTION
       Suspends  the  recording  of Amazon Web Services API calls and log file
       delivery for the specified trail. Under most circumstances, there is no
       need  to  use  this  action. You can update a trail without stopping it
       first. This action is the only way to stop recording. For a  trail  en-
       abled  in all regions, this operation must be called from the region in
       which the trail was created, or an InvalidHomeRegionException will  oc-
       cur.  This  operation cannot be called on the shadow trails (replicated
       trails in other regions) of a trail enabled in all regions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-logging
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          Specifies the name or the CloudTrail ARN  of  the  trail  for  which
          CloudTrail will stop logging Amazon Web Services API calls. The fol-
          lowing is the format of a trail ARN.
              arn:aws:cloudtrail:us-east-2:123456789012:trail/MyTrail

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop logging a trail

       The following stop-logging command turns off logging for Trail1:

          aws cloudtrail stop-logging --name Trail1

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                STOP-LOGGING()
