CREATE-KEY-GROUP()                                          CREATE-KEY-GROUP()



NAME
       create-key-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  key  group that you can use with CloudFront signed URLs and
       signed cookies .

       To create a key group, you must specify at least one public key for the
       key  group. After you create a key group, you can reference it from one
       or more cache behaviors. When you reference a key group in a cache  be-
       havior,  CloudFront  requires signed URLs or signed cookies for all re-
       quests that match the cache behavior.  The  URLs  or  cookies  must  be
       signed  with a private key whose corresponding public key is in the key
       group. The signed URL or cookie contains information about which public
       key  CloudFront  should  use to verify the signature. For more informa-
       tion, see Serving private content in the  Amazon  CloudFront  Developer
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-key-group
          --key-group-config <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-group-config (structure)
          A key group configuration.

          Name -> (string)
              A name to identify the key group.

          Items -> (list)
              A list of the identifiers of the public keys in the key group.

              (string)

          Comment -> (string)
              A  comment  to  describe  the  key  group. The comment cannot be
              longer than 128 characters.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Items=string,string,Comment=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Name": "string",
            "Items": ["string", ...],
            "Comment": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyGroup -> (structure)
          The key group that was just created.

          Id -> (string)
              The identifier for the key group.

          LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time when the key group was last modified.

          KeyGroupConfig -> (structure)
              The key group configuration.

              Name -> (string)
                 A name to identify the key group.

              Items -> (list)
                 A  list  of  the  identifiers  of  the public keys in the key
                 group.

                 (string)

              Comment -> (string)
                 A comment to describe the key group. The  comment  cannot  be
                 longer than 128 characters.

       Location -> (string)
          The URL of the key group.

       ETag -> (string)
          The identifier for this version of the key group.



                                                            CREATE-KEY-GROUP()
