DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()  DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()



NAME
       delete-field-level-encryption-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove a field-level encryption configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-field-level-encryption-config
          --id <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the configuration you want to delete from CloudFront.

       --if-match (string)
          The  value  of the ETag header that you received when retrieving the
          configuration identity to delete. For example: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a CloudFront field-level encryption configuration

       The following example deletes  the  CloudFront  field-level  encryption
       configuration  with  the ID C3KM2WVD605UAY. To delete a field-level en-
       cryption configuration, you must have its ID and ETag. The  ID  is  re-
       turned  in  the  output of the create-field-level-encryption-config and
       list-field-level-encryption-configs commands.  To get the ETag, use the
       get-field-level-encryption  or  get-field-level-encryption-config  com-
       mand.  Use the --if-match option to provide the configuration's ETag.

          aws cloudfront delete-field-level-encryption-config \
              --id C3KM2WVD605UAY \
              --if-match E26M4BIAV81ZF6

       When successful, this command has no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                        DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-CONFIG()
