DELETE-PUBLIC-KEY()                                        DELETE-PUBLIC-KEY()



NAME
       delete-public-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove a public key you previously added to CloudFront.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-public-key
          --id <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the public key you want to remove from CloudFront.

       --if-match (string)
          The  value  of the ETag header that you received when retrieving the
          public key identity to delete. For example: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a CloudFront public key

       The following example deletes the CloudFront public  key  with  the  ID
       KDFB19YGCR002.  To  delete a public key, you must have its ID and ETag.
       The  ID  is  returned  in  the  output  of  the  create-public-key  and
       list-public-keys  commands.  To get the ETag, use the get-public-key or
       get-public-key-config command.  Use the --if-match  option  to  provide
       the public key's ETag.

          aws cloudfront delete-public-key \
              --id KDFB19YGCR002 \
              --if-match E2QWRUHEXAMPLE

       When successful, this command has no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-PUBLIC-KEY()
