DELETE-STREAMING-DISTRIBUTION()                DELETE-STREAMING-DISTRIBUTION()



NAME
       delete-streaming-distribution -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete  a  streaming distribution. To delete an RTMP distribution using
       the CloudFront API, perform the following steps.
          To delete an RTMP distribution using the CloudFront API :

       o Disable the RTMP distribution.

       o Submit a GET Streaming Distribution Config request to get the current
         configuration and the Etag header for the distribution.

       o Update the XML document that was returned in the response to your GET
         Streaming Distribution Config request to change the value of  Enabled
         to false .

       o Submit a PUT Streaming Distribution Config request to update the con-
         figuration for your distribution. In the request  body,  include  the
         XML  document  that  you updated in Step 3. Then set the value of the
         HTTP If-Match header to the value of the ETag header that  CloudFront
         returned when you submitted the GET Streaming Distribution Config re-
         quest in Step 2.

       o Review the response to the PUT Streaming Distribution Config  request
         to confirm that the distribution was successfully disabled.

       o Submit  a  GET  Streaming Distribution Config request to confirm that
         your changes have propagated. When propagation is complete, the value
         of Status is Deployed .

       o Submit  a DELETE Streaming Distribution request. Set the value of the
         HTTP If-Match header to the value of the ETag header that  CloudFront
         returned when you submitted the GET Streaming Distribution Config re-
         quest in Step 2.

       o Review the response to your DELETE Streaming Distribution request  to
         confirm that the distribution was successfully deleted.

       For information about deleting a distribution using the CloudFront con-
       sole, see Deleting a Distribution in the  Amazon  CloudFront  Developer
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-streaming-distribution
          --id <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The distribution ID.

       --if-match (string)
          The value of the ETag header that you received when you disabled the
          streaming distribution. For example: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-STREAMING-DISTRIBUTION()
