DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-PROFILE()DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-field-level-encryption-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove a field-level encryption profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-field-level-encryption-profile
          --id <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          Request the ID of the profile you want to delete from CloudFront.

       --if-match (string)
          The  value  of the ETag header that you received when retrieving the
          profile to delete. For example: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a CloudFront field-level encryption profile

       The following example deletes  the  CloudFront  field-level  encryption
       profile  with  the ID PPK0UOSIF5WSV. To delete a field-level encryption
       profile, you must have its ID and ETag. The ID is returned in the  out-
       put      of      the      create-field-level-encryption-profile     and
       list-field-level-encryption-profiles commands.  To get  the  ETag,  use
       the                get-field-level-encryption-profile                or
       get-field-level-encryption-profile-config command.  Use the  --if-match
       option to provide the profile's ETag.

          aws cloudfront delete-field-level-encryption-profile \
              --id PPK0UOSIF5WSV \
              --if-match EJETYFJ9CL66D

       When successful, this command has no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       DELETE-FIELD-LEVEL-ENCRYPTION-PROFILE()
