DELETE-FUNCTION()                                            DELETE-FUNCTION()



NAME
       delete-function -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a CloudFront function.

       You  cannot  delete a function if its associated with a cache behavior.
       First, update your distributions to  remove  the  function  association
       from all cache behaviors, then delete the function.

       To  delete  a function, you must provide the functions name and version
       (ETag value). To get these values, you can use  ListFunctions  and  De-
       scribeFunction .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-function
          --name <value>
          --if-match <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the function that you are deleting.

       --if-match (string)
          The current version (ETag value) of the function that you are delet-
          ing, which you can get using DescribeFunction .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-FUNCTION()
