DELETE-DISTRIBUTION()                                    DELETE-DISTRIBUTION()



NAME
       delete-distribution -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete a distribution.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-distribution
          --id <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The distribution ID.

       --if-match (string)
          The value of the ETag header that you received when you disabled the
          distribution. For example: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a CloudFront distribution

       The following example deletes the CloudFront distribution with  the  ID
       EDFDVBD6EXAMPLE. Before you can delete a distribution, you must disable
       it.  To disable a distribution, use  the  update-distribution  command.
       For more information, see the update-distribution examples.

       When a distribution is disabled, you can delete it. To delete a distri-
       bution, you must use the --if-match option  to  provide  the  distribu-
       tion's   ETag.    To   get   the  ETag,  use  the  get-distribution  or
       get-distribution-config command.

          aws cloudfront delete-distribution \
              --id EDFDVBD6EXAMPLE \
              --if-match E2QWRUHEXAMPLE

       When successful, this command has no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-DISTRIBUTION()
