GET-KEY-GROUP-CONFIG()                                  GET-KEY-GROUP-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-key-group-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a key group configuration.

       To get a key group configuration, you must provide the key groups iden-
       tifier. If the key group is referenced in a distributions cache  behav-
       ior,  you  can get the key groups identifier using ListDistributions or
       GetDistribution . If the key group is not referenced in a cache  behav-
       ior, you can get the identifier using ListKeyGroups .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-key-group-config
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of the key group whose configuration you are getting.
          To get the identifier, use ListKeyGroups .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyGroupConfig -> (structure)
          The key group configuration.

          Name -> (string)
              A name to identify the key group.

          Items -> (list)
              A list of the identifiers of the public keys in the key group.

              (string)

          Comment -> (string)
              A comment to describe the  key  group.  The  comment  cannot  be
              longer than 128 characters.

       ETag -> (string)
          The identifier for this version of the key group.



                                                        GET-KEY-GROUP-CONFIG()
