LIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-CACHE-POLICY-ID()LIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-CACHE-POLICY-ID()



NAME
       list-distributions-by-cache-policy-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of distribution IDs for distributions that have a cache be-
       havior thats associated with the specified cache policy.

       You can optionally specify the maximum number of items  to  receive  in
       the response. If the total number of items in the list exceeds the max-
       imum that you specify, or the default maximum, the  response  is  pagi-
       nated.  To  get  the next page of items, send a subsequent request that
       specifies the NextMarker value from the current response as the  Marker
       value in the subsequent request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-distributions-by-cache-policy-id
          [--marker <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          --cache-policy-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --marker (string)
          Use this field when paginating results to indicate where to begin in
          your list of distribution IDs. The  response  includes  distribution
          IDs in the list that occur after the marker. To get the next page of
          the list, set this fields value to the value of NextMarker from  the
          current pages response.

       --max-items (string)
          The  maximum  number  of  distribution  IDs that you want in the re-
          sponse.

       --cache-policy-id (string)
          The ID of the cache policy whose  associated  distribution  IDs  you
          want to list.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DistributionIdList -> (structure)
          A list of distribution IDs.

          Marker -> (string)
              The value provided in the Marker request field.

          NextMarker -> (string)
              Contains the value that you should use in the Marker field of  a
              subsequent  request  to  continue listing distribution IDs where
              you left off.

          MaxItems -> (integer)
              The maximum number of distribution IDs requested.

          IsTruncated -> (boolean)
              A flag that indicates whether more distribution IDs remain to be
              listed.  If  your  results were truncated, you can make a subse-
              quent request using the Marker request field  to  retrieve  more
              distribution IDs in the list.

          Quantity -> (integer)
              The total number of distribution IDs returned in the response.

          Items -> (list)
              Contains the distribution IDs in the list.

              (string)



                                       LIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-CACHE-POLICY-ID()
