LIST-KEY-GROUPS()                                            LIST-KEY-GROUPS()



NAME
       list-key-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of key groups.

       You  can  optionally  specify the maximum number of items to receive in
       the response. If the total number of items in the list exceeds the max-
       imum  that  you  specify, or the default maximum, the response is pagi-
       nated. To get the next page of items, send a  subsequent  request  that
       specifies  the NextMarker value from the current response as the Marker
       value in the subsequent request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-key-groups
          [--marker <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --marker (string)
          Use this field when paginating results to indicate where to begin in
          your  list  of  key  groups. The response includes key groups in the
          list that occur after the marker. To get the next page of the  list,
          set  this  fields  value to the value of NextMarker from the current
          pages response.

       --max-items (string)
          The maximum number of key groups that you want in the response.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyGroupList -> (structure)
          A list of key groups.

          NextMarker -> (string)
              If there are more items in the list than are in  this  response,
              this  element  is present. It contains the value that you should
              use in the Marker field of  a  subsequent  request  to  continue
              listing key groups.

          MaxItems -> (integer)
              The maximum number of key groups requested.

          Quantity -> (integer)
              The number of key groups returned in the response.

          Items -> (list)
              A list of key groups.

              (structure)
                 Contains information about a key group.

                 KeyGroup -> (structure)
                     A key group.

                     Id -> (string)
                        The identifier for the key group.

                     LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
                        The  date  and  time when the key group was last modi-
                        fied.

                     KeyGroupConfig -> (structure)
                        The key group configuration.

                        Name -> (string)
                            A name to identify the key group.

                        Items -> (list)
                            A list of the identifiers of the  public  keys  in
                            the key group.

                            (string)

                        Comment -> (string)
                            A  comment  to describe the key group. The comment
                            cannot be longer than 128 characters.



                                                             LIST-KEY-GROUPS()
