LIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-ORIGIN-RLIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-ORIGIN-REQUEST-POLICY-ID()



NAME
       list-distributions-by-origin-request-policy-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of distribution IDs for distributions that have a cache be-
       havior thats associated with the specified origin request policy.

       You can optionally specify the maximum number of items  to  receive  in
       the response. If the total number of items in the list exceeds the max-
       imum that you specify, or the default maximum, the  response  is  pagi-
       nated.  To  get  the next page of items, send a subsequent request that
       specifies the NextMarker value from the current response as the  Marker
       value in the subsequent request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-distributions-by-origin-request-policy-id
          [--marker <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          --origin-request-policy-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --marker (string)
          Use this field when paginating results to indicate where to begin in
          your list of distribution IDs. The  response  includes  distribution
          IDs in the list that occur after the marker. To get the next page of
          the list, set this fields value to the value of NextMarker from  the
          current pages response.

       --max-items (string)
          The  maximum  number  of  distribution  IDs that you want in the re-
          sponse.

       --origin-request-policy-id (string)
          The ID of the origin request policy  whose  associated  distribution
          IDs you want to list.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DistributionIdList -> (structure)
          A list of distribution IDs.

          Marker -> (string)
              The value provided in the Marker request field.

          NextMarker -> (string)
              Contains  the value that you should use in the Marker field of a
              subsequent request to continue listing  distribution  IDs  where
              you left off.

          MaxItems -> (integer)
              The maximum number of distribution IDs requested.

          IsTruncated -> (boolean)
              A flag that indicates whether more distribution IDs remain to be
              listed. If your results were truncated, you can  make  a  subse-
              quent  request  using  the Marker request field to retrieve more
              distribution IDs in the list.

          Quantity -> (integer)
              The total number of distribution IDs returned in the response.

          Items -> (list)
              Contains the distribution IDs in the list.

              (string)



                              LIST-DISTRIBUTIONS-BY-ORIGIN-REQUEST-POLICY-ID()
