LIST-INVALIDATIONS()                                      LIST-INVALIDATIONS()



NAME
       list-invalidations -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists invalidation batches.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-invalidations  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: InvalidationList.Items

SYNOPSIS
            list-invalidations
          --distribution-id <value>
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --distribution-id (string)
          The distribution's ID.

       --max-items (string)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (string)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list CloudFront invalidations

       The  following  example gets a list of the invalidations for the Cloud-
       Front distribution with the ID EDFDVBD6EXAMPLE:

          aws cloudfront list-invalidations --distribution-id EDFDVBD6EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "InvalidationList": {
                  "Marker": "",
                  "Items": [
                      {
                          "Status": "Completed",
                          "Id": "YNY2LI2BVJ4NJU",
                          "CreateTime": "2019-08-31T21:15:52.042Z"
                      }
                  ],
                  "IsTruncated": false,
                  "MaxItems": 100,
                  "Quantity": 1
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       InvalidationList -> (structure)
          Information about invalidation batches.

          Marker -> (string)
              The value that you provided for the Marker request parameter.

          NextMarker -> (string)
              If IsTruncated is true , this element is  present  and  contains
              the  value  that you can use for the Marker request parameter to
              continue listing your invalidation batches where they left off.

          MaxItems -> (integer)
              The value that you provided for the MaxItems request parameter.

          IsTruncated -> (boolean)
              A flag that indicates whether more invalidation  batch  requests
              remain  to  be  listed.  If your results were truncated, you can
              make a follow-up pagination request using the Marker request pa-
              rameter to retrieve more invalidation batches in the list.

          Quantity -> (integer)
              The number of invalidation batches that were created by the cur-
              rent Amazon Web Services account.

          Items -> (list)
              A complex type that contains one InvalidationSummary element for
              each  invalidation  batch created by the current Amazon Web Ser-
              vices account.

              (structure)
                 A summary of an invalidation request.

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique ID for an invalidation request.

                 CreateTime -> (timestamp)
                     The time that an invalidation request was created.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The status of an invalidation request.



                                                          LIST-INVALIDATIONS()
