DISCONNECT-PLAYER()                                        DISCONNECT-PLAYER()



NAME
       disconnect-player -

DESCRIPTION
       Disconnects a player from the game runtime.

       If  a player has multiple connections, this operation attempts to close
       all of them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disconnect-player
          --game-name <value>
          --player-id <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --game-name (string)
          The name of the game.

       --player-id (string)
          The unique identifier representing a player.

       --stage-name (string)
          The name of the stage.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DisconnectFailures -> (list)
          The list of the connection ids that could not be disconnected.

          (string)

       DisconnectSuccesses -> (list)
          The list of the connection ids that were disconnected.

          (string)



                                                           DISCONNECT-PLAYER()
