GET-PLAYER-CONNECTION-STATUS()                  GET-PLAYER-CONNECTION-STATUS()



NAME
       get-player-connection-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the status of a player's connection to the game runtime.

       It's  possible  for a single player to have multiple connections to the
       game runtime. If a player is not connected, this operation  returns  an
       empty list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-player-connection-status
          --game-name <value>
          --player-id <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --game-name (string)
          The name of the game.

       --player-id (string)
          The unique identifier representing a player.

       --stage-name (string)
          The name of the stage.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Connections -> (list)
          The list of connection ids, one for each connection in  use  by  the
          player.

          (structure)
              Details about a WebSocket connection.

              Created -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the connection was created.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  identifier used to indicate a specific WebSocket connec-
                 tion.



                                                GET-PLAYER-CONNECTION-STATUS()
