IMPORT-GAME-CONFIGURATION()                        IMPORT-GAME-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       import-game-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Imports a game configuration.

       This  operation replaces the current configuration of the game with the
       provided input. This is not a reversible operation. If you want to pre-
       serve  the  previous  configuration,  use  CreateSnapshot to make a new
       snapshot before importing.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       import-game-configuration uses document  type  values.  Document  types
       follow  the  JSON  data model where valid values are: strings, numbers,
       booleans, null, arrays, and objects. For  command  input,  options  and
       nested  parameters that are labeled with the type document must be pro-
       vided as JSON. Shorthand syntax does not support document types.

SYNOPSIS
            import-game-configuration
          --game-name <value>
          --import-source <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --game-name (string)
          The name of the game.

       --import-source (structure)
          The source used to import configuration sections.

          File -> (blob)
              The JSON string containing the configuration sections.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          File=blob

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "File": blob
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GameConfiguration -> (structure)
          Details about the game configuration.

          Created -> (timestamp)
              The date when the game was created.

          LastUpdated -> (timestamp)
              The date when the game was last modified.

          Sections -> (map)
              Configuration data, organized by section name.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 The configuration section.

                 Attributes -> (document)
                     The content of a configuration section.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The name of the section.

                 Size -> (integer)
                     The size, in bytes, of the section contents.



                                                   IMPORT-GAME-CONFIGURATION()
