LIST-EXTENSION-VERSIONS()                            LIST-EXTENSION-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-extension-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a paginated list of available versions for the extension.

       Each  time an API change is made to an extension, the version is incre-
       mented. The list retrieved by this operation shows  the  versions  that
       are currently available.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-extension-versions  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: ExtensionVersions

SYNOPSIS
            list-extension-versions
          --name <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the extension.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace (qualifier) of the extension.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ExtensionVersions -> (list)
          The list of extension versions.

          (structure)
              Details about the extension version.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the extension.

              Namespace -> (string)
                 The namespace (qualifier) of the extension.

              Schema -> (string)
                 The model that defines the interface for this extension  ver-
                 sion.

              Version -> (string)
                 The version of the extension.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  that  indicates the start of the next sequential page of
          results.

          Use this value when making the next call to this operation  to  con-
          tinue where the last one finished.



                                                     LIST-EXTENSION-VERSIONS()
