START-STAGE-DEPLOYMENT()                              START-STAGE-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       start-stage-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deploys a snapshot to the stage and creates a new game runtime.

       After  you  call this operation, you can check the deployment status by
       using GetStageDeployment .

       If there are any players connected to the previous game  runtime,  then
       both runtimes persist. Existing connections to the previous runtime are
       maintained. When players disconnect and reconnect, they connect to  the
       new  runtime.  After there are no connections to the previous game run-
       time, it is deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-stage-deployment
          [--client-token <value>]
          --game-name <value>
          --snapshot-id <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          A client-defined token. With an active client token in the  request,
          this action is idempotent.

       --game-name (string)
          The name of the game.

       --snapshot-id (string)
          The identifier of the snapshot to deploy.

       --stage-name (string)
          The name of the stage to deploy the snapshot onto.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       StageDeployment -> (structure)
          Properties that describe the stage deployment.

          Created -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of when the stage deployment was created.

          DeploymentAction -> (string)
              The type of action of the stage deployment.

          DeploymentId -> (string)
              The identifier of the deployment.

          DeploymentState -> (string)
              The state of the deployment.

          LastUpdated -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of when the deployment was last updated.

          SnapshotId -> (string)
              The identifier of the snapshot associated with the stage deploy-
              ment.



                                                      START-STAGE-DEPLOYMENT()
