DELETE-USER()                                                    DELETE-USER()



NAME
       delete-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a user from Amazon WorkMail and all subsequent systems. Before
       you can delete a user, the user state must be DISABLED . Use  the   De-
       scribeUser action to confirm the user state.

       Deleting  a  user  is permanent and cannot be undone. WorkMail archives
       user mailboxes for 30 days before they are permanently removed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user
          --organization-id <value>
          --user-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The organization that contains the user to be deleted.

       --user-id (string)
          The identifier of the user to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a user

       The  following delete-user command deletes the specified user from Ama-
       zon WorkMail and all subsequent systems.

          aws workmail delete-user \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --user-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-USER()
