DELETE-MOBILE-DEVICE-ACCESS-RULE()          DELETE-MOBILE-DEVICE-ACCESS-RULE()



NAME
       delete-mobile-device-access-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  mobile device access rule for the specified Amazon WorkMail
       organization.

       NOTE:
          Deleting already deleted and non-existing rules does not produce  an
          error.  In  those cases, the service sends back an HTTP 200 response
          with an empty HTTP body.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-mobile-device-access-rule
          --organization-id <value>
          --mobile-device-access-rule-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The Amazon WorkMail  organization  under  which  the  rule  will  be
          deleted.

       --mobile-device-access-rule-id (string)
          The identifier of the rule to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DELETE-MOBILE-DEVICE-ACCESS-RULE()
