DELETE-ACCESS-CONTROL-RULE()                      DELETE-ACCESS-CONTROL-RULE()



NAME
       delete-access-control-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an access control rule for the specified WorkMail organization.

       NOTE:
          Deleting  already deleted and non-existing rules does not produce an
          error. In those cases, the service sends back an HTTP  200  response
          with an empty HTTP body.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-access-control-rule
          --organization-id <value>
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization.

       --name (string)
          The name of the access control rule.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete an access control rule

       The  following delete-access-control-rule example deletes the specified
       access control rule from the specified Amazon WorkMail organization.

          aws workmail delete-access-control-rule \
              --organization-id m-n1pq2345678r901st2u3vx45x6789yza \
              --name "myRule"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with Access Control Rules in the Ama-
       zon WorkMail Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-ACCESS-CONTROL-RULE()
