DELETE-ALIAS()                                                  DELETE-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove  one or more specified aliases from a set of aliases for a given
       user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-alias
          --organization-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          --alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the user exists.

       --entity-id (string)
          The identifier for the member (user or group) from which to have the
          aliases removed.

       --alias (string)
          The  aliases to be removed from the user's set of aliases. Duplicate
          entries in the list are collapsed into single entries (the  list  is
          transformed into a set).

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an alias

       The  following delete-alias command deletes the alias for the specified
       entity (user or group).

          aws workmail delete-alias \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1122222222-2222233333-3333334444-4444 \
              --alias exampleAlias@site.awsapps.com

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-ALIAS()
