DEREGISTER-FROM-WORK-MAIL()                        DEREGISTER-FROM-WORK-MAIL()



NAME
       deregister-from-work-mail -

DESCRIPTION
       Mark  a  user, group, or resource as no longer used in Amazon WorkMail.
       This action disassociates the mailbox and schedules  it  for  clean-up.
       WorkMail  keeps  mailboxes  for 30 days before they are permanently re-
       moved. The functionality in the console is Disable .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-from-work-mail
          --organization-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the Amazon  WorkMail
          entity exists.

       --entity-id (string)
          The identifier for the member (user or group) to be updated.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable an existing entity

       The  following  deregister-from-work-mail  command disables an existing
       entity (user, group, or resource) from using Amazon WorkMail.

          aws workmail deregister-from-work-mail \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DEREGISTER-FROM-WORK-MAIL()
