DESCRIBE-MAILBOX-EXPORT-JOB()                    DESCRIBE-MAILBOX-EXPORT-JOB()



NAME
       describe-mailbox-export-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the current status of a mailbox export job.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-mailbox-export-job
          --job-id <value>
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The mailbox export job ID.

       --organization-id (string)
          The organization ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EntityId -> (string)
          The identifier of the user or resource associated with the mailbox.

       Description -> (string)
          The mailbox export job description.

       RoleArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the AWS Identity and Access Management  (IAM)  role  that
          grants write permission to the Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon
          S3) bucket.

       KmsKeyArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the symmetric AWS  Key  Management
          Service (AWS KMS) key that encrypts the exported mailbox content.

       S3BucketName -> (string)
          The name of the S3 bucket.

       S3Prefix -> (string)
          The S3 bucket prefix.

       S3Path -> (string)
          The  path  to  the S3 bucket and file that the mailbox export job is
          exporting to.

       EstimatedProgress -> (integer)
          The estimated progress of the  mailbox  export  job,  in  percentage
          points.

       State -> (string)
          The state of the mailbox export job.

       ErrorInfo -> (string)
          Error information for failed mailbox export jobs.

       StartTime -> (timestamp)
          The mailbox export job start timestamp.

       EndTime -> (timestamp)
          The mailbox export job end timestamp.



                                                 DESCRIBE-MAILBOX-EXPORT-JOB()
