DISASSOCIATE-DELEGATE-FROM-RESOURCE()    DISASSOCIATE-DELEGATE-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       disassociate-delegate-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a member from the resource's set of delegates.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-delegate-from-resource
          --organization-id <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the resource exists.

       --resource-id (string)
          The identifier of the resource from which delegates' set members are
          removed.

       --entity-id (string)
          The identifier for the member (user, group) to be removed  from  the
          resource's delegates.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a member from a resource

       The  following  disassociate-delegate-from-resource command removes the
       specified member from a resource.

          ws workmail disassociate-delegate-from-resource \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --resource-id r-68bf2d3b1c0244aab7264c24b9217443 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         DISASSOCIATE-DELEGATE-FROM-RESOURCE()
