GET-MAIL-DOMAIN()                                            GET-MAIL-DOMAIN()



NAME
       get-mail-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  details  for  a mail domain, including domain records required to
       configure your domain with recommended security.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-mail-domain
          --organization-id <value>
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The Amazon WorkMail organization for which the domain is retrieved.

       --domain-name (string)
          The domain from which you want to retrieve details.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Records -> (list)
          A list of the DNS records that Amazon WorkMail recommends adding  in
          your  DNS provider for the best user experience. The records config-
          ure your domain with DMARC, SPF, DKIM,  and  direct  incoming  email
          traffic to SES. See admin guide for more details.

          (structure)
              A DNS record uploaded to your DNS provider.

              Type -> (string)
                 The RFC 1035 record type. Possible values: CNAME , A , MX .

              Hostname -> (string)
                 The DNS hostname.- For example, domain.example.com .

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value  returned  by the DNS for a query to that hostname
                 and record type.

       IsTestDomain -> (boolean)
          Specifies whether the domain is a test domain provided by  WorkMail,
          or a custom domain.

       IsDefault -> (boolean)
          Specifies  whether the domain is the default domain for your organi-
          zation.

       OwnershipVerificationStatus -> (string)
          Indicates the status of the domain ownership verification.

       DkimVerificationStatus -> (string)
          Indicates the status of a DKIM verification.



                                                             GET-MAIL-DOMAIN()
