GET-DEFAULT-RETENTION-POLICY()                  GET-DEFAULT-RETENTION-POLICY()



NAME
       get-default-retention-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  default retention policy details for the specified organiza-
       tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-default-retention-policy
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The organization ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Id -> (string)
          The retention policy ID.

       Name -> (string)
          The retention policy name.

       Description -> (string)
          The retention policy description.

       FolderConfigurations -> (list)
          The retention policy folder configurations.

          (structure)
              The configuration applied to an organization's  folders  by  its
              retention policy.

              Name -> (string)
                 The folder name.

              Action -> (string)
                 The  action  to take on the folder contents at the end of the
                 folder configuration period.

              Period -> (integer)
                 The number of days for which the folder-configuration  action
                 applies.



                                                GET-DEFAULT-RETENTION-POLICY()
