LIST-RESOURCE-DELEGATES()                            LIST-RESOURCE-DELEGATES()



NAME
       list-resource-delegates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the delegates associated with a resource. Users and groups can be
       resource delegates and answer requests on behalf of the resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-resource-delegates is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Delegates

SYNOPSIS
            list-resource-delegates
          --organization-id <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The  identifier  for the organization that contains the resource for
          which delegates are listed.

       --resource-id (string)
          The identifier for the resource whose delegates are listed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the delegates for a resource

       The  following  list-resource-delegates command retrieves the delegates
       associated with the specified resource.

          aws workmail list-resource-delegates \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --resource-id r-68bf2d3b1c0244aab7264c24b9217443

       Output:

          {
              "Delegates": [
                  {
                      "Id": "S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333",
                      "Type": "USER"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Delegates -> (list)
          One page of the resource's delegates.

          (structure)
              The name of the attribute, which is one of the values defined in
              the UserAttribute enumeration.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  identifier  for  the user or group associated as the re-
                 source's delegate.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the delegate: user or group.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token used to paginate through the delegates associated  with  a
          resource.  While  results  are still available, it has an associated
          value. When the last page is reached, the token is empty.



                                                     LIST-RESOURCE-DELEGATES()
