LIST-GROUPS()                                                    LIST-GROUPS()



NAME
       list-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns summaries of the organization's groups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-groups  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Groups

SYNOPSIS
            list-groups
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the groups exist.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of groups

       The  following list-groups command retrieves summaries of the groups in
       the specified organization.

          aws workmail list-groups \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27

       Output:

          {
              "Groups": [
                  {
                      "Id": "S-1-1-11-1122222222-2222233333-3333334444-4444",
                      "Name": "exampleGroup1",
                      "State": "DISABLED"
                  },
                  {
                      "Id": "S-4-4-44-1122222222-2222233333-3333334444-4444",
                      "Name": "exampleGroup2",
                      "State": "ENABLED"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Groups -> (list)
          The overview of groups for an organization.

          (structure)
              The representation of an Amazon WorkMail group.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the group.

              Email -> (string)
                 The email of the group.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the group.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the group, which can be  ENABLED,  DISABLED,  or
                 DELETED.

              EnabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  indicating  when  the group was enabled for Amazon
                 WorkMail use.

              DisabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date indicating when the group was disabled  from  Amazon
                 WorkMail use.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token to use to retrieve the next page of results. The value is
          "null" when there are no more results to return.



                                                                 LIST-GROUPS()
