LIST-RESOURCES()                                              LIST-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns summaries of the organization's resources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-resources  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Resources

SYNOPSIS
            list-resources
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the resources exist.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of resources

       The  following  list-resources  command  retrieves summaries of the re-
       sources for the specified organization.

          aws workmail list-resources \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27

       Output:

          {
              "Resources": [
                  {
                      "Id": "r-7afe0efbade843a58cdc10251fce992c",
                      "Name": "exampleRoom1",
                      "Type": "ROOM",
                      "State": "ENABLED"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Resources -> (list)
          One page of the organization's resource representation.

          (structure)
              The representation of a resource.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the resource.

              Email -> (string)
                 The email of the resource.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the resource.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the resource: equipment or room.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the resource, which can be ENABLED, DISABLED, or
                 DELETED.

              EnabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date indicating when the resource was enabled for Amazon
                 WorkMail use.

              DisabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date indicating when the resource was disabled from  Ama-
                 zon WorkMail use.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token used to paginate through all the organization's resources.
          While results are still available, it has an associated value.  When
          the last page is reached, the token is empty.



                                                              LIST-RESOURCES()
