LIST-MAILBOX-PERMISSIONS()                          LIST-MAILBOX-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       list-mailbox-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  mailbox  permissions  associated with a user, group, or re-
       source mailbox.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-mailbox-permissions is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Permissions

SYNOPSIS
            list-mailbox-permissions
          --organization-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The  identifier  of the organization under which the user, group, or
          resource exists.

       --entity-id (string)
          The identifier of the user, group, or resource  for  which  to  list
          mailbox permissions.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve mailbox permissions

       The following list-mailbox-permissions command  retrieves  the  mailbox
       permissions associated with the specified entity's mailbox.

          aws workmail list-mailbox-permissions \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333

       Output:

          {
              "Permissions": [
                  {
                      "GranteeId": "S-1-1-11-1122222222-2222233333-3333334444-4444",
                      "GranteeType": "USER",
                      "PermissionValues": [
                          "FULL_ACCESS"
                      ]
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Permissions -> (list)
          One page of the user, group, or resource mailbox permissions.

          (structure)
              Permission  granted  to  a  user, group, or resource to access a
              certain aspect of another user, group, or resource mailbox.

              GranteeId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the user, group, or resource to  which  the
                 permissions are granted.

              GranteeType -> (string)
                 The   type  of  user,  group,  or  resource  referred  to  in
                 GranteeId.

              PermissionValues -> (list)
                 The permissions granted to the grantee.  SEND_AS  allows  the
                 grantee  to  send  email  as  the  owner  of the mailbox (the
                 grantee is not mentioned on these emails). SEND_ON_BEHALF al-
                 lows  the grantee to send email on behalf of the owner of the
                 mailbox (the grantee is not mentioned as the physical  sender
                 of  these emails). FULL_ACCESS allows the grantee full access
                 to the mailbox, irrespective of  other  folder-level  permis-
                 sions set on the mailbox.

                 (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token to use to retrieve the next page of results. The value is
          "null" when there are no more results to return.



                                                    LIST-MAILBOX-PERMISSIONS()
