REGISTER-MAIL-DOMAIN()                                  REGISTER-MAIL-DOMAIN()



NAME
       register-mail-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  a  new  domain in Amazon WorkMail and SES, and configures it
       for use by WorkMail. Emails received by SES for this domain are  routed
       to the specified WorkMail organization, and WorkMail has permanent per-
       mission to use the specified domain for sending your users' emails.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-mail-domain
          [--client-token <value>]
          --organization-id <value>
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          Idempotency token used when retrying requests.

       --organization-id (string)
          The Amazon WorkMail organization under which you're creating the do-
          main.

       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the mail domain to create in Amazon WorkMail and SES.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        REGISTER-MAIL-DOMAIN()
