REGISTER-TO-WORK-MAIL()                                REGISTER-TO-WORK-MAIL()



NAME
       register-to-work-mail -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  an existing and disabled user, group, or resource for Amazon
       WorkMail use by associating a mailbox and calendaring capabilities.  It
       performs no change if the user, group, or resource is enabled and fails
       if the user, group, or resource is deleted. This operation  results  in
       the  accumulation  of  costs.  For  more information, see Pricing . The
       equivalent console functionality for this operation is Enable .

       Users can either be created by calling the  CreateUser API operation or
       they can be synchronized from your directory. For more information, see
       DeregisterFromWorkMail .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-to-work-mail
          --organization-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          --email <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization under which the user, group,  or
          resource exists.

       --entity-id (string)
          The identifier for the user, group, or resource to be updated.

       --email (string)
          The email for the user, group, or resource to be updated.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To register an existing or disabled entity

       The  following  register-to-work-mail command enables the specified ex-
       isting entity (user, group, or resource) to use Amazon WorkMail.

          aws workmail register-to-work-mail \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1122222222-2222233333-3333334444-4444 \
              --email exampleGroup1@site.awsapps.com

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       REGISTER-TO-WORK-MAIL()
