UPDATE-MAILBOX-QUOTA()                                  UPDATE-MAILBOX-QUOTA()



NAME
       update-mailbox-quota -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a user's current mailbox quota for a specified organization and
       user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-mailbox-quota
          --organization-id <value>
          --user-id <value>
          --mailbox-quota <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The identifier for the organization that contains the user for  whom
          to update the mailbox quota.

       --user-id (string)
          The identifer for the user for whom to update the mailbox quota.

       --mailbox-quota (integer)
          The updated mailbox quota, in MB, for the specified user.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a user's mailbox quota

       The following update-mailbox-quota command changes the specified user's
       mailbox quota.

          aws workmail update-mailbox-quota \
              --organization-id m-n1pq2345678r901st2u3vx45x6789yza \
              --user-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333 \
              --mailbox-quota 40000

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing User Accounts in the Amazon WorkMail
       Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        UPDATE-MAILBOX-QUOTA()
