UPDATE-PRIMARY-EMAIL-ADDRESS()                  UPDATE-PRIMARY-EMAIL-ADDRESS()



NAME
       update-primary-email-address -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  primary email for a user, group, or resource. The current
       email is moved into the list of aliases (or swapped between an existing
       alias and the current primary email), and the email provided in the in-
       put is promoted as the primary.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-primary-email-address
          --organization-id <value>
          --entity-id <value>
          --email <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The organization that contains the user, group, or resource  to  up-
          date.

       --entity-id (string)
          The user, group, or resource to update.

       --email (string)
          The value of the email to be updated as primary.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a primary email address

       The  following update-primary-email-address command updates the primary
       email address of the specified entity (user, group, or resource).

          aws workmail update-primary-email-address \
              --organization-id m-d281d0a2fd824be5b6cd3d3ce909fd27 \
              --entity-id S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333 \
              --email exampleUser2@site.awsapps.com

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                UPDATE-PRIMARY-EMAIL-ADDRESS()
