ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()                                      ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()



NAME
       associate-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  resource  with an application. Both the resource and the
       application can be specified either by ID or name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-resource
          --application <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --resource-type (string)
          The type of resource of which the application will be associated.

          Possible values:

          o CFN_STACK

       --resource (string)
          The name or ID of the resource of which the application will be  as-
          sociated.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the application that was augmented
          with attributes.

       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the resource.



                                                          ASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()
