DISASSOCIATE-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()                  DISASSOCIATE-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()



NAME
       disassociate-attribute-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  an attribute group from an application to remove the ex-
       tra attributes contained in the attribute group from the  application's
       metadata. This operation reverts AssociateAttributeGroup .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-attribute-group
          --application <value>
          --attribute-group <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --attribute-group (string)
          The  name  or ID of the attribute group that holds the attributes to
          describe the application.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the application.

       attributeGroupArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the attribute group.



                                                DISASSOCIATE-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()
