DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()                                DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()



NAME
       disassociate-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  resource  from application. Both the resource and the
       application can be specified either by ID or name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-resource
          --application <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the resource that is being disassociated.

          Possible values:

          o CFN_STACK

       --resource (string)
          The name or ID of the resource.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the application.

       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the resource.



                                                       DISASSOCIATE-RESOURCE()
