GET-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()                                    GET-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()



NAME
       get-attribute-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  an attribute group, either by its name or its ID. The attri-
       bute group can be specified either by its unique ID or by its name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-attribute-group
          --attribute-group <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attribute-group (string)
          The name or ID of the attribute group that holds the  attributes  to
          describe the application.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The identifier of the attribute group.

       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies  the  attribute  group
          across services.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the attribute group.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the attribute group that the user provides.

       attributes -> (string)
          A  JSON  string in the form of nested key-value pairs that represent
          the attributes in the group and describes  an  application  and  its
          components.

       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The  ISO-8601  formatted timestamp of the moment the attribute group
          was created.

       lastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
          The ISO-8601 formatted timestamp of the moment the  attribute  group
          was  last  updated.  This time is the same as the creationTime for a
          newly created attribute group.

       tags -> (map)
          Key-value pairs associated with the attribute group.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                         GET-ATTRIBUTE-GROUP()
