GET-APPLICATION()                                            GET-APPLICATION()



NAME
       get-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  metadata information about one of your applications. The ap-
       plication can be specified either by its  unique  ID  or  by  its  name
       (which  is  unique within one account in one region at a given point in
       time). Specify by ID in automated workflows if you want  to  make  sure
       that the exact same application is returned or a ResourceNotFoundExcep-
       tion is thrown, avoiding the ABA addressing problem.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-application
          --application <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The identifier of the application.

       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the application across
          services.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the application. The name must be unique in  the  region
          in which you are creating the application.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the application.

       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The  ISO-8601 formatted timestamp of the moment when the application
          was created.

       lastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
          The ISO-8601 formatted timestamp of the moment when the  application
          was last updated.

       associatedResourceCount -> (integer)
          The  number  of  top-level resources that were registered as part of
          this application.

       tags -> (map)
          Key-value pairs associated with the application.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       integrations -> (structure)
          The information about the integration of the application with  other
          services, such as Resource Groups.

          resourceGroup -> (structure)
              The information about the resource group integration.

              state -> (string)
                 The  state of the propagation process for the resource group.
                 The states includes:
                     CREATING if the resource group is in the process of being
                     created.

                     CREATE_COMPLETE  if  the  resource group was created suc-
                     cessfully.

                     CREATE_FAILED if the resource group failed to be created.

                     UPDATING if the resource group is in the process of being
                     updated.

                     UPDATE_COMPLETE  if  the  resource group updated success-
                     fully.

                     UPDATE_FAILED if the resource group could not update suc-
                     cessfully.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the resource group.

              errorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message that generates when the propagation process
                 for the resource group fails.



                                                             GET-APPLICATION()
