GET-ASSOCIATED-RESOURCE()                            GET-ASSOCIATED-RESOURCE()



NAME
       get-associated-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the resource associated with the application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-associated-resource
          --application <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --resource-type (string)
          The type of resource associated with the application.

          Possible values:

          o CFN_STACK

       --resource (string)
          The name or ID of the resource associated with the application.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resource -> (structure)
          The resource associated with the application.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the resource.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the resource.

          associationTime -> (timestamp)
              The time the resource was associated with the application.

          integrations -> (structure)
              The service integration information about the resource.

              resourceGroup -> (structure)
                 The information about the integration of Resource Groups.

                 state -> (string)
                     The  state  of  the  propagation process for the resource
                     group. The states includes:
                        CREATING if the resource group is in  the  process  of
                        being created.

                        CREATE_COMPLETE if the resource group was created suc-
                        cessfully.

                        CREATE_FAILED if the resource group failed to be  cre-
                        ated.

                        UPDATING  if  the  resource group is in the process of
                        being updated.

                        UPDATE_COMPLETE if the resource group updated success-
                        fully.

                        UPDATE_FAILED  if  the resource group could not update
                        successfully.

                 arn -> (string)
                     The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the resource group.

                 errorMessage -> (string)
                     The error message that  generates  when  the  propagation
                     process for the resource group fails.



                                                     GET-ASSOCIATED-RESOURCE()
