LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS()                                LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS()



NAME
       list-attribute-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all attribute groups which you have access to. Results are pagi-
       nated.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-attribute-groups is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: attributeGroups

SYNOPSIS
            list-attribute-groups
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       attributeGroups -> (list)
          This list of attribute groups.

          (structure)
              Summary of a Amazon Web Services Service Catalog AppRegistry at-
              tribute group.

              id -> (string)
                 The globally unique attribute group identifier of the  attri-
                 bute group.

              arn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  resource name (ARN) that specifies the attribute
                 group across services.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute group.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the attribute group  that  the  user  pro-
                 vides.

              creationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  ISO-8601 formatted timestamp of the moment the attribute
                 group was created.

              lastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The ISO-8601 formatted timestamp of the moment the  attribute
                 group  was  last  updated.  This time is the same as the cre-
                 ationTime for a newly created attribute group.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to get the next page of results  after  a  previous
          API call.



                                                       LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS()
