LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS-FOR-APPLICATION()LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS-FOR-APPLICATION()



NAME
       list-attribute-groups-for-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  details  of all attribute groups associated with a specific
       application. The results display in pages.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-attribute-groups-for-application is a paginated operation.  Multi-
       ple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of
       results. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  ar-
       gument.   When  using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: attributeGroupsDetails

SYNOPSIS
            list-attribute-groups-for-application
          --application <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The name or ID of the application.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       attributeGroupsDetails -> (list)
          The details related to a specific AttributeGroup.

          (structure)
              The details related to a specific AttributeGroup.

              id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier of the attribute group.

              arn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  resource name (ARN) that specifies the attribute
                 group.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute group.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to get the next page of results  after  a  previous
          API call.



                                       LIST-ATTRIBUTE-GROUPS-FOR-APPLICATION()
