SYNC-RESOURCE()                                                SYNC-RESOURCE()



NAME
       sync-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Syncs the resource with current AppRegistry records.

       Specifically, the resources AppRegistry system tags sync with its asso-
       ciated application. We remove the resource's AppRegistry system tags if
       it  does  not associate with the application. The caller must have per-
       missions to read and update the resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            sync-resource
          --resource-type <value>
          --resource <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The type of resource of which the application will be associated.

          Possible values:

          o CFN_STACK

       --resource (string)
          An entity you can work with and specify with a name or ID.  Examples
          include  an  Amazon EC2 instance, an Amazon Web Services CloudForma-
          tion stack, or an Amazon S3 bucket.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the application.

       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon resource name (ARN) that specifies the resource.

       actionTaken -> (string)
          The results of the output if an application is  associated  with  an
          ARN value, which could be syncStarted or None.



                                                               SYNC-RESOURCE()
