DELETE-BUDGET()                                                DELETE-BUDGET()



NAME
       delete-budget -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a budget. You can delete your budget at any time.

       WARNING:
          Deleting  a  budget  also  deletes the notifications and subscribers
          that are associated with that budget.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-budget
          --account-id <value>
          --budget-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The accountId that is associated with the budget that  you  want  to
          delete.

       --budget-name (string)
          The name of the budget that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a Cost and Usage budget

       This example deletes the specified Cost and Usage budget.

       Command:

          aws budgets delete-budget --account-id 111122223333 --budget-name "Example Budget"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-BUDGET()
