DESCRIBE-BUDGET-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-ADESCRIBE-BUDGET-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       describe-budget-notifications-for-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  budget  names and notifications that are associated with an
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-budget-notifications-for-account  is  a  paginated  operation.
       Multiple  API  calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data
       set of results. You can disable pagination by providing the  --no-pagi-
       nate  argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a
       paginated response, the --query argument must extract data from the re-
       sults of the following query expressions: BudgetNotificationsForAccount

SYNOPSIS
            describe-budget-notifications-for-account
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID of the user. It's a 12-digit number.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BudgetNotificationsForAccount -> (list)
          A list of budget names and associated notifications for an account.

          (structure)
              The budget name and associated notifications for an account.

              Notifications -> (list)
                 A list of notifications.

                 (structure)
                     A  notification that's associated with a budget. A budget
                     can have up to ten notifications.

                     Each notification must have at least  one  subscriber.  A
                     notification  can  have  one  SNS subscriber and up to 10
                     email subscribers, for a total of 11 subscribers.

                     For example, if you have a budget for 200 dollars and you
                     want  to be notified when you go over 160 dollars, create
                     a notification with the following parameters:

                     o A notificationType of ACTUAL

                     o A thresholdType of PERCENTAGE

                     o A comparisonOperator of GREATER_THAN

                     o A notification threshold of 80

                     NotificationType -> (string)
                        Specifies whether the notification is for how much you
                        have spent (ACTUAL ) or for how much that you're fore-
                        casted to spend (FORECASTED ).

                     ComparisonOperator -> (string)
                        The comparison that's used for this notification.

                     Threshold -> (double)
                        The threshold that's associated with  a  notification.
                        Thresholds are always a percentage, and many customers
                        find value being alerted between 50%  -  200%  of  the
                        budgeted  amount. The maximum limit for your threshold
                        is 1,000,000% above the budgeted amount.

                     ThresholdType -> (string)
                        The type of threshold for a  notification.  For  ABSO-
                        LUTE_VALUE  thresholds,  Amazon  Web Services notifies
                        you when you go over or are forecasted to go over your
                        total  cost threshold. For PERCENTAGE thresholds, Ama-
                        zon Web Services notifies you when you go over or  are
                        forecasted  to  go  over  a certain percentage of your
                        forecasted spend. For example, if you  have  a  budget
                        for 200 dollars and you have a PERCENTAGE threshold of
                        80%, Amazon Web Services notifies you when you go over
                        160 dollars.

                     NotificationState -> (string)
                        Specifies  whether this notification is in alarm. If a
                        budget notification is in the ALARM state, you  passed
                        the set threshold for the budget.

              BudgetName -> (string)
                 A  string  that  represents  the  budget name. The ":" and ""
                 characters aren't allowed.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A generic string.



                                   DESCRIBE-BUDGET-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-ACCOUNT()
