DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-BUDGET()        DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-BUDGET()



NAME
       describe-notifications-for-budget -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the notifications that are associated with a budget.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-notifications-for-budget  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Notifications

SYNOPSIS
            describe-notifications-for-budget
          --account-id <value>
          --budget-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The accountId that is associated with the budget whose notifications
          you want descriptions of.

       --budget-name (string)
          The name of the budget whose notifications you want descriptions of.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the notifications for a budget

       This example retrieves the notifications for a Cost and Usage budget.

       Command:

          aws budgets describe-notifications-for-budget --account-id 111122223333 --budget-name "Example Budget" --max-results 5

       Output:

          {
             "Notifications": [
                 {
                     "Threshold": 80.0,
                     "ComparisonOperator": "GREATER_THAN",
                     "NotificationType": "ACTUAL"
                 }
             ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Notifications -> (list)
          A list of notifications that are associated with a budget.

          (structure)
              A  notification  that's  associated  with a budget. A budget can
              have up to ten notifications.

              Each notification must have at least one subscriber. A notifica-
              tion can have one SNS subscriber and up to 10 email subscribers,
              for a total of 11 subscribers.

              For example, if you have a budget for 200 dollars and  you  want
              to  be notified when you go over 160 dollars, create a notifica-
              tion with the following parameters:

              o A notificationType of ACTUAL

              o A thresholdType of PERCENTAGE

              o A comparisonOperator of GREATER_THAN

              o A notification threshold of 80

              NotificationType -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the notification is for how much  you  have
                 spent  (ACTUAL  )  or  for how much that you're forecasted to
                 spend (FORECASTED ).

              ComparisonOperator -> (string)
                 The comparison that's used for this notification.

              Threshold -> (double)
                 The threshold that's associated with a notification.  Thresh-
                 olds  are  always a percentage, and many customers find value
                 being alerted between 50% - 200% of the budgeted amount.  The
                 maximum limit for your threshold is 1,000,000% above the bud-
                 geted amount.

              ThresholdType -> (string)
                 The type of threshold for a notification. For  ABSOLUTE_VALUE
                 thresholds, Amazon Web Services notifies you when you go over
                 or are forecasted to go over your total cost  threshold.  For
                 PERCENTAGE  thresholds, Amazon Web Services notifies you when
                 you go over or are forecasted to go over a certain percentage
                 of  your  forecasted spend. For example, if you have a budget
                 for 200 dollars and you have a PERCENTAGE threshold  of  80%,
                 Amazon  Web  Services  notifies you when you go over 160 dol-
                 lars.

              NotificationState -> (string)
                 Specifies whether this notification is in alarm. If a  budget
                 notification  is  in  the  ALARM  state,  you  passed the set
                 threshold for the budget.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token in the service response that indicates the next
          set of results that you can retrieve.



                                           DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATIONS-FOR-BUDGET()
