ADD-REGION()                                                      ADD-REGION()



NAME
       add-region -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  two  domain controllers in the specified Region for the specified
       directory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-region
          --directory-id <value>
          --region-name <value>
          --vpc-settings <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the directory to which  you  want  to  add  Region
          replication.

       --region-name (string)
          The  name of the Region where you want to add domain controllers for
          replication. For example, us-east-1 .

       --vpc-settings (structure)
          Contains VPC information  for  the   CreateDirectory  or   CreateMi-
          crosoftAD operation.

          VpcId -> (string)
              The identifier of the VPC in which to create the directory.

          SubnetIds -> (list)
              The  identifiers  of  the subnets for the directory servers. The
              two subnets must be in different Availability  Zones.  Directory
              Service  creates  a directory server and a DNS server in each of
              these subnets.

              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          VpcId=string,SubnetIds=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "VpcId": "string",
            "SubnetIds": ["string", ...]
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  ADD-REGION()
