CANCEL-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()                            CANCEL-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()



NAME
       cancel-schema-extension -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  an  in-progress  schema extension to a Microsoft AD directory.
       Once a schema extension has started  replicating  to  all  domain  con-
       trollers, the task can no longer be canceled. A schema extension can be
       canceled during any of the  following  states;  Initializing  ,  Creat-
       ingSnapshot , and UpdatingSchema .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-schema-extension
          --directory-id <value>
          --schema-extension-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The  identifier of the directory whose schema extension will be can-
          celed.

       --schema-extension-id (string)
          The identifier of the schema extension that will be canceled.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     CANCEL-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()
