CREATE-ALIAS()                                                  CREATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       create-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  alias  for a directory and assigns the alias to the direc-
       tory. The alias is used to construct the access URL for the  directory,
       such as http://<alias>.awsapps.com .

       WARNING:
          After  an alias has been created, it cannot be deleted or reused, so
          this operation should only be used when absolutely necessary.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-alias
          --directory-id <value>
          --alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the directory for which to create the alias.

       --alias (string)
          The requested alias.

          The alias must be unique amongst all aliases in Amazon Web Services.
          This  operation  throws an EntityAlreadyExistsException error if the
          alias already exists.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DirectoryId -> (string)
          The identifier of the directory.

       Alias -> (string)
          The alias for the directory.



                                                                CREATE-ALIAS()
