CREATE-TRUST()                                                  CREATE-TRUST()



NAME
       create-trust -

DESCRIPTION
       Directory  Service for Microsoft Active Directory allows you to config-
       ure trust relationships. For example, you can establish a trust between
       your Managed Microsoft AD directory, and your existing self-managed Mi-
       crosoft Active Directory. This would allow you  to  provide  users  and
       groups  access to resources in either domain, with a single set of cre-
       dentials.

       This action initiates the creation of the Amazon Web Services side of a
       trust relationship between an Managed Microsoft AD directory and an ex-
       ternal domain. You can create either a  forest  trust  or  an  external
       trust.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-trust
          --directory-id <value>
          --remote-domain-name <value>
          --trust-password <value>
          --trust-direction <value>
          [--trust-type <value>]
          [--conditional-forwarder-ip-addrs <value>]
          [--selective-auth <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The  Directory ID of the Managed Microsoft AD directory for which to
          establish the trust relationship.

       --remote-domain-name (string)
          The Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the  external  domain  for
          which to create the trust relationship.

       --trust-password (string)
          The trust password. The must be the same password that was used when
          creating the trust relationship on the external domain.

       --trust-direction (string)
          The direction of the trust relationship.

          Possible values:

          o One-Way: Outgoing

          o One-Way: Incoming

          o Two-Way

       --trust-type (string)
          The trust relationship type. Forest is the default.

          Possible values:

          o Forest

          o External

       --conditional-forwarder-ip-addrs (list)
          The IP addresses of the remote DNS server associated with  RemoteDo-
          mainName.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --selective-auth (string)
          Optional parameter to enable selective authentication for the trust.

          Possible values:

          o Enabled

          o Disabled

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrustId -> (string)
          A unique identifier for the trust relationship that was created.



                                                                CREATE-TRUST()
