CREATE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDER()                  CREATE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDER()



NAME
       create-conditional-forwarder -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  conditional  forwarder associated with your Amazon Web Ser-
       vices directory. Conditional forwarders are required in order to set up
       a  trust  relationship  with  another domain. The conditional forwarder
       points to the trusted domain.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-conditional-forwarder
          --directory-id <value>
          --remote-domain-name <value>
          --dns-ip-addrs <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The directory ID of the Amazon Web Services directory for which  you
          are creating the conditional forwarder.

       --remote-domain-name (string)
          The  fully  qualified  domain  name (FQDN) of the remote domain with
          which you will set up a trust relationship.

       --dns-ip-addrs (list)
          The IP addresses of the remote DNS server associated with  RemoteDo-
          mainName.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                CREATE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDER()
