DELETE-TRUST()                                                  DELETE-TRUST()



NAME
       delete-trust -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  existing trust relationship between your Managed Microsoft
       AD directory and an external domain.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-trust
          --trust-id <value>
          [--delete-associated-conditional-forwarder | --no-delete-associated-conditional-forwarder]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --trust-id (string)
          The Trust ID of the trust relationship to be deleted.

       --delete-associated-conditional-forwarder | --no-delete-associated-con-
       ditional-forwarder (boolean)
          Delete a conditional forwarder as part of a DeleteTrustRequest.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TrustId -> (string)
          The Trust ID of the trust relationship that was deleted.



                                                                DELETE-TRUST()
