DESCRIBE-EVENT-TOPICS()                                DESCRIBE-EVENT-TOPICS()



NAME
       describe-event-topics -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtains  information  about which Amazon SNS topics receive status mes-
       sages from the specified directory.

       If no input parameters are provided, such as DirectoryId or  TopicName,
       this request describes all of the associations in the account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-event-topics
          [--directory-id <value>]
          [--topic-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The  Directory ID for which to get the list of associated Amazon SNS
          topics. If this member is null, associations for all  Directory  IDs
          are returned.

       --topic-names (list)
          A  list  of  Amazon SNS topic names for which to obtain the informa-
          tion. If this member is null, all associations for the specified Di-
          rectory ID are returned.

          An empty list results in an InvalidParameterException being thrown.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EventTopics -> (list)
          A  list  of Amazon SNS topic names that receive status messages from
          the specified Directory ID.

          (structure)
              Information about Amazon SNS topic and Directory Service  direc-
              tory associations.

              DirectoryId -> (string)
                 The  Directory ID of an Directory Service directory that will
                 publish status messages to an Amazon SNS topic.

              TopicName -> (string)
                 The name of an Amazon SNS topic the receives status  messages
                 from the directory.

              TopicArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon SNS topic ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

              CreatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date and time of when you associated your directory with
                 the Amazon SNS topic.

              Status -> (string)
                 The topic registration status.



                                                       DESCRIBE-EVENT-TOPICS()
