DESCRIBE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDERS()            DESCRIBE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDERS()



NAME
       describe-conditional-forwarders -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtains information about the conditional forwarders for this account.

       If no input parameters are provided for RemoteDomainNames, this request
       describes all conditional forwarders for the specified directory ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-conditional-forwarders
          --directory-id <value>
          [--remote-domain-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The directory ID for which to get the list of associated conditional
          forwarders.

       --remote-domain-names (list)
          The  fully  qualified  domain names (FQDN) of the remote domains for
          which to get the list of associated conditional forwarders. If  this
          member is null, all conditional forwarders are returned.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConditionalForwarders -> (list)
          The list of conditional forwarders that have been created.

          (structure)
              Points  to a remote domain with which you are setting up a trust
              relationship. Conditional forwarders are required  in  order  to
              set up a trust relationship with another domain.

              RemoteDomainName -> (string)
                 The  fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the remote domains
                 pointed to by the conditional forwarder.

              DnsIpAddrs -> (list)
                 The IP addresses of the remote DNS server associated with Re-
                 moteDomainName. This is the IP address of the DNS server that
                 your conditional forwarder points to.

                 (string)

              ReplicationScope -> (string)
                 The replication scope of the conditional forwarder. The  only
                 allowed  value  is  Domain  , which will replicate the condi-
                 tional forwarder to all of the domain  controllers  for  your
                 Amazon Web Services directory.



                                             DESCRIBE-CONDITIONAL-FORWARDERS()
