DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOTS()                                      DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOTS()



NAME
       describe-snapshots -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtains  information  about the directory snapshots that belong to this
       account.

       This operation supports pagination with the use of  the  NextToken  re-
       quest  and  response parameters. If more results are available, the De-
       scribeSnapshots.NextToken member contains a token that you pass in  the
       next call to  DescribeSnapshots to retrieve the next set of items.

       You  can also specify a maximum number of return results with the Limit
       parameter.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-snapshots is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Snapshots

SYNOPSIS
            describe-snapshots
          [--directory-id <value>]
          [--snapshot-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The  identifier  of the directory for which to retrieve snapshot in-
          formation.

       --snapshot-ids (list)
          A list of identifiers of the snapshots  to  obtain  the  information
          for. If this member is null or empty, all snapshots are returned us-
          ing the Limit and NextToken members.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Snapshots -> (list)
          The list of  Snapshot objects that were retrieved.

          It is possible that this list contains less than the number of items
          specified  in  the Limit member of the request. This occurs if there
          are less than the requested number of items left to retrieve, or  if
          the limitations of the operation have been exceeded.

          (structure)
              Describes a directory snapshot.

              DirectoryId -> (string)
                 The directory identifier.

              SnapshotId -> (string)
                 The snapshot identifier.

              Type -> (string)
                 The snapshot type.

              Name -> (string)
                 The descriptive name of the snapshot.

              Status -> (string)
                 The snapshot status.

              StartTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the snapshot was taken.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  not  null,  more  results  are available. Pass this value in the
          NextToken member of a subsequent call to  DescribeSnapshots .



                                                          DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOTS()
