DISABLE-SSO()                                                    DISABLE-SSO()



NAME
       disable-sso -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables single-sign on for a directory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-sso
          --directory-id <value>
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--password <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the directory for which to disable single-sign on.

       --user-name (string)
          The  username  of an alternate account to use to disable single-sign
          on. This is only used for AD  Connector  directories.  This  account
          must have privileges to remove a service principal name.

          If  the AD Connector service account does not have privileges to re-
          move a service principal name, you can specify an alternate  account
          with  the  UserName  and  Password parameters. These credentials are
          only used to disable single sign-on and are not stored by  the  ser-
          vice. The AD Connector service account is not changed.

       --password (string)
          The  password  of an alternate account to use to disable single-sign
          on. This is only used for AD Connector directories. For more  infor-
          mation, see the UserName parameter.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DISABLE-SSO()
