ENABLE-SSO()                                                      ENABLE-SSO()



NAME
       enable-sso -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  single sign-on for a directory. Single sign-on allows users in
       your directory to access certain Amazon Web Services  services  from  a
       computer  joined to the directory without having to enter their creden-
       tials separately.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-sso
          --directory-id <value>
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--password <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the directory for which to enable single-sign on.

       --user-name (string)
          The username of an alternate account to use  to  enable  single-sign
          on.  This  is  only  used for AD Connector directories. This account
          must have privileges to add a service principal name.

          If the AD Connector service account does not have privileges to  add
          a  service principal name, you can specify an alternate account with
          the UserName and Password parameters.  These  credentials  are  only
          used to enable single sign-on and are not stored by the service. The
          AD Connector service account is not changed.

       --password (string)
          The password of an alternate account to use  to  enable  single-sign
          on.  This is only used for AD Connector directories. For more infor-
          mation, see the UserName parameter.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  ENABLE-SSO()
