ENABLE-CLIENT-AUTHENTICATION()                  ENABLE-CLIENT-AUTHENTICATION()



NAME
       enable-client-authentication -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables alternative client authentication methods for the specified di-
       rectory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-client-authentication
          --directory-id <value>
          --type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the specified directory.

       --type (string)
          The type of client authentication  to  enable.  Currently  only  the
          value  SmartCard  is supported. Smart card authentication in AD Con-
          nector requires that you enable Kerberos Constrained Delegation  for
          the Service User to the LDAP service in your self-managed AD.

          Possible values:

          o SmartCard

          o SmartCardOrPassword

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ENABLE-CLIENT-AUTHENTICATION()
