LIST-CERTIFICATES()                                        LIST-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       list-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       For  the specified directory, lists all the certificates registered for
       a secure LDAP or client certificate authentication.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-certificates
          --directory-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the directory.

       --next-token (string)
          A token for requesting another page of certificates if the NextToken
          response element indicates that more certificates are available. Use
          the value of the returned NextToken element in  your  request  until
          the token comes back as null . Pass null if this is the first call.

       --limit (integer)
          The number of items that should show up on one page

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          Indicates whether another page of certificates is available when the
          number of available certificates exceeds the page limit.

       CertificatesInfo -> (list)
          A list of certificates with basic details including certificate  ID,
          certificate common name, certificate state.

          (structure)
              Contains general information about a certificate.

              CertificateId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the certificate.

              CommonName -> (string)
                 The common name for the certificate.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the certificate.

              ExpiryDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the certificate will expire.

              Type -> (string)
                 The  function that the registered certificate performs. Valid
                 values include ClientLDAPS or ClientCertAuth  .  The  default
                 value is ClientLDAPS .



                                                           LIST-CERTIFICATES()
