REGISTER-EVENT-TOPIC()                                  REGISTER-EVENT-TOPIC()



NAME
       register-event-topic -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  directory with an Amazon SNS topic. This establishes the
       directory as a publisher to the specified Amazon  SNS  topic.  You  can
       then  receive  email or text (SMS) messages when the status of your di-
       rectory changes. You get notified if your directory goes from an Active
       status  to an Impaired or Inoperable status. You also receive a notifi-
       cation when the directory returns to an Active status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-event-topic
          --directory-id <value>
          --topic-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The Directory ID that will publish status messages to the Amazon SNS
          topic.

       --topic-name (string)
          The Amazon SNS topic name to which the directory will publish status
          messages. This Amazon SNS topic must be in the same  region  as  the
          specified Directory ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        REGISTER-EVENT-TOPIC()
