RESET-USER-PASSWORD()                                    RESET-USER-PASSWORD()



NAME
       reset-user-password -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets the password for any user in your Managed Microsoft AD or Simple
       AD directory.

       You can reset the password for any user in your directory with the fol-
       lowing exceptions:

       o For  Simple  AD, you cannot reset the password for any user that is a
         member of either the Domain Admins or Enterprise Admins group  except
         for the administrator user.

       o For  Managed Microsoft AD, you can only reset the password for a user
         that is in an OU based off of the NetBIOS name that  you  typed  when
         you  created  your directory. For example, you cannot reset the pass-
         word for a user in the Amazon Web Services Reserved OU. For more  in-
         formation  about  the OU structure for an Managed Microsoft AD direc-
         tory, see What Gets Created in the Directory  Service  Administration
         Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-user-password
          --directory-id <value>
          --user-name <value>
          --new-password <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          Identifier  of  the  Managed  Microsoft AD or Simple AD directory in
          which the user resides.

       --user-name (string)
          The user name of the user whose password will be reset.

       --new-password (string)
          The new password that will be reset.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         RESET-USER-PASSWORD()
