SHARE-DIRECTORY()                                            SHARE-DIRECTORY()



NAME
       share-directory -

DESCRIPTION
       Shares a specified directory (DirectoryId ) in your Amazon Web Services
       account (directory owner) with another Amazon Web Services account (di-
       rectory  consumer). With this operation you can use your directory from
       any Amazon Web Services account and from any Amazon VPC within an  Ama-
       zon Web Services Region.

       When  you  share your Managed Microsoft AD directory, Directory Service
       creates a shared directory in  the  directory  consumer  account.  This
       shared  directory contains the metadata to provide access to the direc-
       tory within the directory owner account. The shared directory is  visi-
       ble in all VPCs in the directory consumer account.

       The  ShareMethod  parameter  determines whether the specified directory
       can be shared between Amazon Web Services accounts inside the same Ama-
       zon  Web  Services  organization  (ORGANIZATIONS  ). It also determines
       whether you can share the directory with any other Amazon Web  Services
       account either inside or outside of the organization (HANDSHAKE ).

       The  ShareNotes  parameter is only used when HANDSHAKE is called, which
       sends a directory sharing request to the directory consumer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            share-directory
          --directory-id <value>
          [--share-notes <value>]
          --share-target <value>
          --share-method <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          Identifier of the Managed Microsoft AD directory that  you  want  to
          share with other Amazon Web Services accounts.

       --share-notes (string)
          A directory share request that is sent by the directory owner to the
          directory consumer. The request includes a typed message to help the
          directory consumer administrator determine whether to approve or re-
          ject the share invitation.

       --share-target (structure)
          Identifier for the directory consumer account with whom  the  direc-
          tory is to be shared.

          Id -> (string)
              Identifier of the directory consumer account.

          Type -> (string)
              Type of identifier to be used in the Id field.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Id=string,Type=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Id": "string",
            "Type": "ACCOUNT"
          }

       --share-method (string)
          The  method  used  when sharing a directory to determine whether the
          directory should be shared within your Amazon Web Services organiza-
          tion  (ORGANIZATIONS  )  or  with any Amazon Web Services account by
          sending a directory sharing request (HANDSHAKE ).

          Possible values:

          o ORGANIZATIONS

          o HANDSHAKE

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SharedDirectoryId -> (string)
          Identifier of the directory that is stored in the directory consumer
          account that is shared from the specified directory (DirectoryId ).



                                                             SHARE-DIRECTORY()
