START-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()                              START-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()



NAME
       start-schema-extension -

DESCRIPTION
       Applies a schema extension to a Microsoft AD directory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-schema-extension
          --directory-id <value>
          --create-snapshot-before-schema-extension | --no-create-snapshot-before-schema-extension
          --ldif-content <value>
          --description <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The  identifier of the directory for which the schema extension will
          be applied to.

       --create-snapshot-before-schema-extension  |   --no-create-snapshot-be-
       fore-schema-extension (boolean)
          If  true,  creates  a  snapshot of the directory before applying the
          schema extension.

       --ldif-content (string)
          The LDIF file represented as a string. To construct the  LdifContent
          string,  precede  each line as it would be formatted in an ldif file
          with n. See the example request below for  more  details.  The  file
          size can be no larger than 1MB.

       --description (string)
          A description of the schema extension.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SchemaExtensionId -> (string)
          The identifier of the schema extension that will be applied.



                                                      START-SCHEMA-EXTENSION()
