UNSHARE-DIRECTORY()                                        UNSHARE-DIRECTORY()



NAME
       unshare-directory -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  the  directory  sharing between the directory owner and consumer
       accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unshare-directory
          --directory-id <value>
          --unshare-target <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          The identifier of the Managed Microsoft AD directory that  you  want
          to stop sharing.

       --unshare-target (structure)
          Identifier  for  the directory consumer account with whom the direc-
          tory has to be unshared.

          Id -> (string)
              Identifier of the directory consumer account.

          Type -> (string)
              Type of identifier to be used in the Id field.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Id=string,Type=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Id": "string",
            "Type": "ACCOUNT"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SharedDirectoryId -> (string)
          Identifier of the directory stored in the directory consumer account
          that is to be unshared from the specified directory (DirectoryId ).



                                                           UNSHARE-DIRECTORY()
