UPDATE-NUMBER-OF-DOMAIN-CONTROLLERS()    UPDATE-NUMBER-OF-DOMAIN-CONTROLLERS()



NAME
       update-number-of-domain-controllers -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  removes domain controllers to or from the directory. Based on
       the difference between current value and new  value  (provided  through
       this  API  call),  domain  controllers will be added or removed. It may
       take up to 45 minutes for any new domain controllers  to  become  fully
       active once the requested number of domain controllers is updated. Dur-
       ing this time, you cannot make another update request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-number-of-domain-controllers
          --directory-id <value>
          --desired-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-id (string)
          Identifier of the directory to which the domain controllers will  be
          added or removed.

       --desired-number (integer)
          The number of domain controllers desired in the directory.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         UPDATE-NUMBER-OF-DOMAIN-CONTROLLERS()
