DESCRIBE-CERTIFICATE()                                  DESCRIBE-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       describe-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the certificate that's identified by the CertificateId .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-certificate
          --certificate-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-id (string)
          An  array of identifiers for the imported certificates. You use this
          identifier for working with profiles and partner profiles.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Certificate -> (structure)
          The details for the specified certificate, returned as an object.

          Arn -> (string)
              The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the certificate.

          CertificateId -> (string)
              An  array  of identifiers for the imported certificates. You use
              this identifier for working with profiles and partner profiles.

          Usage -> (string)
              Specifies whether this certificate is used for  signing  or  en-
              cryption.

          Status -> (string)
              The certificate can be either ACTIVE , PENDING_ROTATION , or IN-
              ACTIVE . PENDING_ROTATION means that this certificate  will  re-
              place the current certificate when it expires.

          Certificate -> (string)
              The file name for the certificate.

          CertificateChain -> (string)
              The list of certificates that make up the chain for the certifi-
              cate.

          ActiveDate -> (timestamp)
              An optional date that specifies when the certificate becomes ac-
              tive.

          InactiveDate -> (timestamp)
              An optional date that specifies when the certificate becomes in-
              active.

          Serial -> (string)
              The serial number for the certificate.

          NotBeforeDate -> (timestamp)
              The earliest date that the certificate is valid.

          NotAfterDate -> (timestamp)
              The final date that the certificate is valid.

          Type -> (string)
              If a private key has been specified  for  the  certificate,  its
              type  is  CERTIFICATE_WITH_PRIVATE_KEY  . If there is no private
              key, the type is CERTIFICATE .

          Description -> (string)
              The name or description that's used to identity the certificate.

          Tags -> (list)
              Key-value pairs that can be used to group and  search  for  cer-
              tificates.

              (structure)
                 Creates  a  key-value  pair for a specific resource. Tags are
                 metadata that you can use to search for and group a  resource
                 for  various  purposes. You can apply tags to servers, users,
                 and roles. A tag key can take more than one value. For  exam-
                 ple, to group servers for accounting purposes, you might cre-
                 ate a tag called Group and assign the values Research and Ac-
                 counting to that group.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The name assigned to the tag that you create.

                 Value -> (string)
                     Contains  one or more values that you assigned to the key
                     name you create.



                                                        DESCRIBE-CERTIFICATE()
