DESCRIBE-SECURITY-POLICY()                          DESCRIBE-SECURITY-POLICY()



NAME
       describe-security-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  security  policy that is attached to your file transfer
       protocol-enabled server. The response contains a description of the se-
       curity  policy's  properties. For more information about security poli-
       cies, see Working with security policies .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-security-policy
          --security-policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-policy-name (string)
          Specifies the name of the security policy that is  attached  to  the
          server.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SecurityPolicy -> (structure)
          An array containing the properties of the security policy.

          Fips -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether this policy enables Federal  Information  Pro-
              cessing Standards (FIPS).

          SecurityPolicyName -> (string)
              Specifies  the  name  of the security policy that is attached to
              the server.

          SshCiphers -> (list)
              Specifies the enabled Secure Shell (SSH) cipher encryption algo-
              rithms in the security policy that is attached to the server.

              (string)

          SshKexs -> (list)
              Specifies  the  enabled  SSH key exchange (KEX) encryption algo-
              rithms in the security policy that is attached to the server.

              (string)

          SshMacs -> (list)
              Specifies the enabled SSH message authentication code (MAC)  en-
              cryption  algorithms  in the security policy that is attached to
              the server.

              (string)

          TlsCiphers -> (list)
              Specifies the enabled Transport Layer Security (TLS) cipher  en-
              cryption  algorithms  in the security policy that is attached to
              the server.

              (string)



                                                    DESCRIBE-SECURITY-POLICY()
