DESCRIBE-PROFILE()                                          DESCRIBE-PROFILE()



NAME
       describe-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the details of the profile that's specified by the ProfileId .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-profile
          --profile-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-id (string)
          The identifier of the profile that you want described.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Profile -> (structure)
          The details of the specified profile, returned as an object.

          Arn -> (string)
              The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the profile.

          ProfileId -> (string)
              A unique identifier for the local or partner AS2 profile.

          ProfileType -> (string)
              Indicates whether to list only LOCAL type profiles or only PART-
              NER  type  profiles. If not supplied in the request, the command
              lists all types of profiles.

          As2Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the AS2 process.

          CertificateIds -> (list)
              An array of identifiers for the imported certificates.  You  use
              this identifier for working with profiles and partner profiles.

              (string)

          Tags -> (list)
              Key-value  pairs  that  can be used to group and search for pro-
              files.

              (structure)
                 Creates a key-value pair for a specific  resource.  Tags  are
                 metadata  that you can use to search for and group a resource
                 for various purposes. You can apply tags to  servers,  users,
                 and  roles. A tag key can take more than one value. For exam-
                 ple, to group servers for accounting purposes, you might cre-
                 ate a tag called Group and assign the values Research and Ac-
                 counting to that group.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The name assigned to the tag that you create.

                 Value -> (string)
                     Contains one or more values that you assigned to the  key
                     name you create.



                                                            DESCRIBE-PROFILE()
