LIST-CERTIFICATES()                                        LIST-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       list-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the current certificates that have been imported into
       Transfer Family. If you want to limit the results to a certain  number,
       supply  a  value  for  the MaxResults parameter. If you ran the command
       previously and received a value for the NextToken  parameter,  you  can
       supply  that value to continue listing certificates from where you left
       off.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-certificates is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Certificates

SYNOPSIS
            list-certificates
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          Returns  the next token, which you can use to list the next certifi-
          cate.

       Certificates -> (list)
          Returns an array of the  certificates  that  are  specified  in  the
          ListCertificates call.

          (structure)
              Describes the properties of a certificate.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified certificate.

              CertificateId -> (string)
                 An  array  of  identifiers for the imported certificates. You
                 use this identifier for working  with  profiles  and  partner
                 profiles.

              Usage -> (string)
                 Specifies whether this certificate is used for signing or en-
                 cryption.

              Status -> (string)
                 The certificate can be either ACTIVE , PENDING_ROTATION ,  or
                 INACTIVE  . PENDING_ROTATION means that this certificate will
                 replace the current certificate when it expires.

              ActiveDate -> (timestamp)
                 An optional date that specifies when the certificate  becomes
                 active.

              InactiveDate -> (timestamp)
                 An  optional date that specifies when the certificate becomes
                 inactive.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type for the certificate. If a private key has been spec-
                 ified  for the certificate, its type is CERTIFICATE_WITH_PRI-
                 VATE_KEY . If there is no private key, the type  is  CERTIFI-
                 CATE .

              Description -> (string)
                 The  name  or  short  description that's used to identify the
                 certificate.



                                                           LIST-CERTIFICATES()
