LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  of  the tags associated with the Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
       that you specify. The resource can be a user, server, or role.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          Requests  the tags associated with a particular Amazon Resource Name
          (ARN). An ARN is an identifier for a specific  Amazon  Web  Services
          resource, such as a server, user, or role.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN you specified to list the tags of.

       NextToken -> (string)
          When  you  can  get  additional results from the ListTagsForResource
          call, a NextToken parameter is returned in the output. You can  then
          pass  in a subsequent command to the NextToken parameter to continue
          listing additional tags.

       Tags -> (list)
          Key-value pairs that are assigned to a  resource,  usually  for  the
          purpose  of grouping and searching for items. Tags are metadata that
          you define.

          (structure)
              Creates a key-value pair for a specific resource. Tags are meta-
              data  that  you  can  use to search for and group a resource for
              various purposes. You can apply  tags  to  servers,  users,  and
              roles.  A  tag key can take more than one value. For example, to
              group servers for accounting purposes, you might  create  a  tag
              called  Group  and  assign the values Research and Accounting to
              that group.

              Key -> (string)
                 The name assigned to the tag that you create.

              Value -> (string)
                 Contains one or more values that you assigned to the key name
                 you create.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
