SEND-WORKFLOW-STEP-STATE()                          SEND-WORKFLOW-STEP-STATE()



NAME
       send-workflow-step-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends a callback for asynchronous custom steps.

       The  ExecutionId  , WorkflowId , and Token are passed to the target re-
       source during execution of a custom step of a workflow.  You  must  in-
       clude those with their callback as well as providing a status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-workflow-step-state
          --workflow-id <value>
          --execution-id <value>
          --token <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workflow-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the workflow.

       --execution-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the execution of a workflow.

       --token (string)
          Used  to  distinguish between multiple callbacks for multiple Lambda
          steps within the same execution.

       --status (string)
          Indicates whether the specified step succeeded or failed.

          Possible values:

          o SUCCESS

          o FAILURE

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    SEND-WORKFLOW-STEP-STATE()
