STOP-SERVER()                                                    STOP-SERVER()



NAME
       stop-server -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  state of a file transfer protocol-enabled server from ON-
       LINE to OFFLINE . An OFFLINE server  cannot  accept  and  process  file
       transfer jobs. Information tied to your server, such as server and user
       properties, are not affected by stopping your server.

       NOTE:
          Stopping the server will not reduce or  impact  your  file  transfer
          protocol  endpoint billing; you must delete the server to stop being
          billed.

       The state of STOPPING indicates that the server is in  an  intermediate
       state, either not fully able to respond, or not fully offline. The val-
       ues of STOP_FAILED can indicate an error condition.

       No response is returned from this call.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-server
          --server-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --server-id (string)
          A system-assigned unique identifier for a server that you stopped.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 STOP-SERVER()
