TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  a  key-value  pair to a resource, as identified by its Amazon
       Resource Name (ARN). Resources are users, servers, roles, and other en-
       tities.

       There is no response returned from this call.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a specific Amazon Web Services re-
          source, such as a server, user, or role.

       --tags (list)
          Key-value pairs assigned to ARNs that  you  can  use  to  group  and
          search  for  resources by type. You can attach this metadata to user
          accounts for any purpose.

          (structure)
              Creates a key-value pair for a specific resource. Tags are meta-
              data  that  you  can  use to search for and group a resource for
              various purposes. You can apply  tags  to  servers,  users,  and
              roles.  A  tag key can take more than one value. For example, to
              group servers for accounting purposes, you might  create  a  tag
              called  Group  and  assign the values Research and Accounting to
              that group.

              Key -> (string)
                 The name assigned to the tag that you create.

              Value -> (string)
                 Contains one or more values that you assigned to the key name
                 you create.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
