UPDATE-PROFILE()                                              UPDATE-PROFILE()



NAME
       update-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  some  of  the  parameters for an existing profile. Provide the
       ProfileId for the profile that you want to update, along with  the  new
       values for the parameters to update.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-profile
          --profile-id <value>
          [--certificate-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-id (string)
          The identifier of the profile object that you are updating.

       --certificate-ids (list)
          An  array of identifiers for the imported certificates. You use this
          identifier for working with profiles and partner profiles.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ProfileId -> (string)
          Returns the identifier for the profile that's being updated.



                                                              UPDATE-PROFILE()
