INSTANCE-DEREGISTERED()                                INSTANCE-DEREGISTERED()



NAME
       instance-deregistered -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath query InstanceStates[].State returns OutOfService
       for all elements when polling with  describe-instance-health.  It  will
       poll  every  15 seconds until a successful state has been reached. This
       will exit with a return code of 255 after 40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            instance-deregistered
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          [--instances <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --instances (list)
          The IDs of the instances.

          (structure)
              The ID of an EC2 instance.

              InstanceId -> (string)
                 The instance ID.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          InstanceId=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "InstanceId": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until an instance is deregistered

       The following wait instance-deregistered command pauses  and  continues
       only after it can confirm that the specified instance is deregistered.

          aws elb wait instance-deregistered
                 --load-balancer-name   my-loadbalancer   --instances  Instan-
                 ceId=i-1234567890abcdef0

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       INSTANCE-DEREGISTERED()
