DELETE-USER-PROFILE()                                    DELETE-USER-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-user-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a user profile in AWS CodeStar, including all personal prefer-
       ence data associated with that profile, such as display name and  email
       address.  It  does not delete the history of that user, for example the
       history of commits made by that user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-profile
          --user-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  of  the  user  to  delete  from  AWS
          CodeStar.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a user profile

       The  following delete-user-profile example deletes the user profile for
       the user with the specified ARN.

          aws codestar delete-user-profile \
              --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/intern

       Output:

          {
              "userArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/intern"
          }

OUTPUT
       userArn -> (string)
          The Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of  the  user  deleted  from  AWS
          CodeStar.



                                                         DELETE-USER-PROFILE()
