DISASSOCIATE-TEAM-MEMBER()                          DISASSOCIATE-TEAM-MEMBER()



NAME
       disassociate-team-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a user from a project. Removing a user from a project also re-
       moves the IAM policies from  that  user  that  allowed  access  to  the
       project and its resources. Disassociating a team member does not remove
       that user's profile from AWS CodeStar. It does not remove the user from
       IAM.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-team-member
          --project-id <value>
          --user-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-id (string)
          The  ID  of the AWS CodeStar project from which you want to remove a
          team member.

       --user-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM user  or  group  whom  you
          want to remove from the project.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a team member

       The  following  disassociate-team-member  example removes the user with
       the specified ARN from the project my-project.

          aws codestar disassociate-team-member \
              --project-id my-project \
              --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/intern

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DISASSOCIATE-TEAM-MEMBER()
