LIST-PROJECTS()                                                LIST-PROJECTS()



NAME
       list-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all projects in AWS CodeStar associated with your AWS account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-projects  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: projects

SYNOPSIS
            list-projects
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view projects

       The following list-projects example retrieves a list of projects in the
       current Region.

          aws codestar list-projects

       Output:

          {
              "projects": [
                  {
                      "projectId": "intern-projects",
                      "projectArn": "arn:aws:codestar:us-west-2:123456789012:project/intern-projects"
                  },
                  {
                      "projectId": "my-project",
                      "projectArn": "arn:aws:codestar:us-west-2:123456789012:project/my-project"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       projects -> (list)
          A list of projects.

          (structure)
              Information about the metadata for a project.

              projectId -> (string)
                 The ID of the project.

              projectArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the project.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The continuation token to use when requesting the next  set  of  re-
          sults, if there are more results to be returned.



                                                               LIST-PROJECTS()
