UPDATE-TEAM-MEMBER()                                      UPDATE-TEAM-MEMBER()



NAME
       update-team-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  a team member's attributes in an AWS CodeStar project. For ex-
       ample, you can change a team member's role in the  project,  or  change
       whether they have remote access to project resources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-team-member
          --project-id <value>
          --user-arn <value>
          [--project-role <value>]
          [--remote-access-allowed | --no-remote-access-allowed]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-id (string)
          The ID of the project.

       --user-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of the user for whom you want to
          change team membership attributes.

       --project-role (string)
          The role assigned to the user in the  project.  Project  roles  have
          different  levels  of access. For more information, see Working with
          Teams in the AWS CodeStar User Guide .

       --remote-access-allowed | --no-remote-access-allowed (boolean)
          Whether a team member is allowed  to  remotely  access  project  re-
          sources using the SSH public key associated with the user's profile.
          Even if this is set to True, the user must associate  a  public  key
          with their profile before the user can access resources.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify a team member

       The  following  update-team-member  example  makes the specified user a
       contributor on a project and grants them remote access to  project  re-
       sources.

          aws codestar update-team-member \
              --project-id my-project \
              --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/intern \
              --project-role Contributor -\
              --remote-access-allowed

       Output:

          {
              "userArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/intern",
              "projectRole": "Contributor",
              "remoteAccessAllowed": true
          }

OUTPUT
       userArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user whose team membership at-
          tributes were updated.

       projectRole -> (string)
          The project role granted to the user.

       remoteAccessAllowed -> (boolean)
          Whether a team member is allowed  to  remotely  access  project  re-
          sources using the SSH public key associated with the user's profile.



                                                          UPDATE-TEAM-MEMBER()
