DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()                                      DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()



NAME
       describe-endpoints -

DESCRIPTION
       DescribeEndpoints  returns  a  list  of  available  endpoints  to  make
       Timestream API calls against. This API is available through both  Write
       and Query.

       Because the Timestream SDKs are designed to transparently work with the
       services architecture, including the management and mapping of the ser-
       vice endpoints, it is not recommended that you use this API unless :

       o You  are  using  VPC endpoints (Amazon Web Services PrivateLink) with
         Timestream

       o Your application uses a programming language that does not  yet  have
         SDK support

       o You require better control over the client-side implementation

       For  detailed  information  on  how  and  when to use and implement De-
       scribeEndpoints, see The Endpoint Discovery Pattern .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoints
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Endpoints -> (list)
          An Endpoints object is returned when a DescribeEndpoints request  is
          made.

          (structure)
              Represents an available endpoint against which to make API calls
              against, as well as the TTL for that endpoint.

              Address -> (string)
                 An endpoint address.

              CachePeriodInMinutes -> (long)
                 The TTL for the endpoint, in minutes.



                                                          DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()
