ASSOCIATE-TIME-SERIES-TO-ASSET-PROPERASSOCIATE-TIME-SERIES-TO-ASSET-PROPERTY()



NAME
       associate-time-series-to-asset-property -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a time series (data stream) with an asset property.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-time-series-to-asset-property
          --alias <value>
          --asset-id <value>
          --property-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias (string)
          The alias that identifies the time series.

       --asset-id (string)
          The ID of the asset in which the asset property was created.

       --property-id (string)
          The ID of the asset property.

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique  case-sensitive  identifier that you can provide to ensure
          the idempotency of the request. Don't reuse this client token  if  a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                     ASSOCIATE-TIME-SERIES-TO-ASSET-PROPERTY()
