BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-PROJECT-ASSETS()        BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-PROJECT-ASSETS()



NAME
       batch-disassociate-project-assets -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  group  (batch) of assets from an IoT SiteWise Monitor
       project.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-disassociate-project-assets
          --project-id <value>
          --asset-ids <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-id (string)
          The ID of the project from which to disassociate the assets.

       --asset-ids (list)
          The IDs of the assets to be disassociated from the project.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --client-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive identifier that you can  provide  to  ensure
          the  idempotency  of the request. Don't reuse this client token if a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate an asset from a project

       The following batch-disassociate-project-assets example disassociates a
       wind farm asset from a project.

          aws iotsitewise batch-disassociate-project-assets \
              --project-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-eeeeeEXAMPLE \
              --asset-ids a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-44444EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Adding  assets to projects in the AWS IoT
       SiteWise Monitor Application Guide.

OUTPUT
       errors -> (list)
          A list of associated error information, if any.

          (structure)
              Contains error details for the requested associate project asset
              action.

              assetId -> (string)
                 The ID of the asset.

              code -> (string)
                 The error code.

              message -> (string)
                 The error message.



                                           BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-PROJECT-ASSETS()
