DELETE-ACCESS-POLICY()                                  DELETE-ACCESS-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-access-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  access policy that grants the specified identity access to
       the specified IoT SiteWise Monitor resource. You can use this operation
       to revoke access to an IoT SiteWise Monitor resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-access-policy
          --access-policy-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-policy-id (string)
          The ID of the access policy to be deleted.

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique  case-sensitive  identifier that you can provide to ensure
          the idempotency of the request. Don't reuse this client token  if  a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To revoke a user's access to a project or portal

       The  following  delete-access-policy  example  deletes an access policy
       that grants a user administrative access to a portal.

          aws iotsitewise delete-access-policy \
              --access-policy-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-cccccEXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Adding or removing portal  administrators  in
       the AWS IoT SiteWise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-ACCESS-POLICY()
