DELETE-GATEWAY()                                              DELETE-GATEWAY()



NAME
       delete-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a gateway from IoT SiteWise. When you delete a gateway, some of
       the gateway's files remain in your gateway's file system.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-gateway
          --gateway-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the gateway to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a gateway

       The following delete-gateway example deletes a gateway.

          aws iotsitewise delete-gateway \
              --gateway-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-1a1a1EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Ingesting data using a gateway in the AWS IoT
       SiteWise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-GATEWAY()
