DELETE-ASSET-MODEL()                                      DELETE-ASSET-MODEL()



NAME
       delete-asset-model -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  asset  model. This action can't be undone. You must delete
       all assets created from an asset model before you can delete the model.
       Also,  you  can't  delete an asset model if a parent asset model exists
       that contains a property formula expression that depends on  the  asset
       model  that  you want to delete. For more information, see Deleting as-
       sets and models in the IoT SiteWise User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-asset-model
          --asset-model-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-model-id (string)
          The ID of the asset model to delete.

       --client-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive identifier that you can  provide  to  ensure
          the  idempotency  of the request. Don't reuse this client token if a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an asset model

       The  following  delete-asset-model example deletes a wind turbine asset
       model.

          aws iotsitewise delete-asset-model \
              --asset-model-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-11111EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "assetModelStatus": {
                  "state": "DELETING"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Deleting asset models in the AWS IoT SiteWise
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       assetModelStatus -> (structure)
          The  status of the asset model, which contains a state (DELETING af-
          ter successfully calling this operation) and any error message.

          state -> (string)
              The current state of the asset model.

          error -> (structure)
              Contains associated error information, if any.

              code -> (string)
                 The error code.

              message -> (string)
                 The error message.

              details -> (list)
                 A list of detailed errors.

                 (structure)
                     Contains detailed error information.

                     code -> (string)
                        The error code.

                     message -> (string)
                        The error message.



                                                          DELETE-ASSET-MODEL()
