DESCRIBE-DEFAULT-ENCRYPTION-CONFIGUDESCRIBE-DEFAULT-ENCRYPTION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-default-encryption-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  the default encryption configuration for
       the Amazon Web Services account in the default or specified Region. For
       more information, see Key management in the IoT SiteWise User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-default-encryption-configuration
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       encryptionType -> (string)
          The type of encryption used for the encryption configuration.

       kmsKeyArn -> (string)
          The  key  ARN of the customer managed key used for KMS encryption if
          you use KMS_BASED_ENCRYPTION .

       configurationStatus -> (structure)
          The status of the account configuration. This contains the  Configu-
          rationState . If there's an error, it also contains the ErrorDetails
          .

          state -> (string)
              The current state of the configuration.

          error -> (structure)
              Contains associated error information, if any.

              code -> (string)
                 The error code.

              message -> (string)
                 The error message.



                                   DESCRIBE-DEFAULT-ENCRYPTION-CONFIGURATION()
