DISASSOCIATE-ASSETS()                                    DISASSOCIATE-ASSETS()



NAME
       disassociate-assets -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a child asset from the given parent asset through a hier-
       archy defined in the parent asset's model.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-assets
          --asset-id <value>
          --hierarchy-id <value>
          --child-asset-id <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-id (string)
          The ID of the parent asset from which to disassociate the child  as-
          set.

       --hierarchy-id (string)
          The ID of a hierarchy in the parent asset's model. Hierarchies allow
          different groupings of assets to be formed that all  come  from  the
          same  asset model. You can use the hierarchy ID to identify the cor-
          rect asset to disassociate. For more information, see Asset  hierar-
          chies in the IoT SiteWise User Guide .

       --child-asset-id (string)
          The ID of the child asset to disassociate.

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique  case-sensitive  identifier that you can provide to ensure
          the idempotency of the request. Don't reuse this client token  if  a
          new idempotent request is required.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a child asset from a parent asset

       The following disassociate-assets example disassociates a wind  turbine
       asset from a wind farm asset.

          aws iotsitewise disassociate-assets \
              --asset-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-44444EXAMPLE \
              --hierarchy-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-77777EXAMPLE \
              --child-asset-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-33333EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Associating assets in the AWS IoT SiteWise
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DISASSOCIATE-ASSETS()
