LIST-ASSET-MODEL-PROPERTIES()                    LIST-ASSET-MODEL-PROPERTIES()



NAME
       list-asset-model-properties -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  paginated  list  of  properties  associated with an asset
       model. If you update properties associated with the  model  before  you
       finish listing all the properties, you need to start all over again.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-asset-model-properties  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: assetModelPropertySummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-asset-model-properties
          --asset-model-id <value>
          [--filter <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-model-id (string)
          The ID of the asset model.

       --filter (string)
          Filters the requested list of asset model properties. You can choose
          one of the following options:

          o ALL   The list includes all asset model properties for a given as-
            set model ID.

          o BASE  The list includes only base asset  model  properties  for  a
            given asset model ID.

          Default: BASE

          Possible values:

          o ALL

          o BASE

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       assetModelPropertySummaries -> (list)
          A  list that summarizes the properties associated with the specified
          asset model.

          (structure)
              Contains a summary of a property associated with a model.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the property.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the property.

              dataType -> (string)
                 The data type of the property.

              dataTypeSpec -> (string)
                 The data type of the structure for this property. This param-
                 eter exists on properties that have the STRUCT data type.

              unit -> (string)
                 The unit (such as Newtons or RPM ) of the property.

              type -> (structure)
                 Contains  a  property  type,  which can be one of attribute ,
                 measurement , metric , or transform .

                 attribute -> (structure)
                     Specifies an asset attribute property. An attribute  gen-
                     erally  contains  static  information, such as the serial
                     number of an IIoT wind turbine.

                     defaultValue -> (string)
                        The default value of the asset model  property  attri-
                        bute.  All assets that you create from the asset model
                        contain this attribute value. You can update an attri-
                        bute's  value  after you create an asset. For more in-
                        formation, see Updating attribute values  in  the  IoT
                        SiteWise User Guide .

                 measurement -> (structure)
                     Specifies  an  asset  measurement property. A measurement
                     represents a device's raw sensor  data  stream,  such  as
                     timestamped  temperature values or timestamped power val-
                     ues.

                     processingConfig -> (structure)
                        The processing configuration for the given measurement
                        property. You can configure measurements to be kept at
                        the edge or  forwarded  to  the  Amazon  Web  Services
                        Cloud.  By  default, measurements are forwarded to the
                        cloud.

                        forwardingConfig -> (structure)
                            The forwarding configuration for  the  given  mea-
                            surement property.

                            state -> (string)
                               The forwarding state for the given property.

                 transform -> (structure)
                     Specifies  an  asset transform property. A transform con-
                     tains a mathematical expression that  maps  a  property's
                     data points from one form to another, such as a unit con-
                     version from Celsius to Fahrenheit.

                     expression -> (string)
                        The mathematical expression that defines the transfor-
                        mation  function.  You  can specify up to 10 variables
                        per expression. You can specify up to 10 functions per
                        expression.

                        For  more  information, see Quotas in the IoT SiteWise
                        User Guide .

                     variables -> (list)
                        The list of variables used in the expression.

                        (structure)
                            Contains expression variable information.

                            name -> (string)
                               The friendly name of the variable to be used in
                               the expression.

                            value -> (structure)
                               The  variable that identifies an asset property
                               from which to use values.

                               propertyId -> (string)
                                   The ID of the property to use as the  vari-
                                   able. You can use the property name if it's
                                   from the same asset model.

                               hierarchyId -> (string)
                                   The ID of the hierarchy to  query  for  the
                                   property  ID.  You  can use the hierarchy's
                                   name instead of the hierarchy's ID.

                                   You use a hierarchy ID instead of  a  model
                                   ID because you can have several hierarchies
                                   using the same model and therefore the same
                                   propertyId  .  For  example, you might have
                                   separately grouped assets  that  come  from
                                   the same asset model. For more information,
                                   see Asset hierarchies in the  IoT  SiteWise
                                   User Guide .

                     processingConfig -> (structure)
                        The  processing  configuration for the given transform
                        property. You can configure transforms to be  kept  at
                        the  edge  or  forwarded  to  the  Amazon Web Services
                        Cloud. You can also configure transforms  to  be  com-
                        puted at the edge or in the cloud.

                        computeLocation -> (string)
                            The compute location for the given transform prop-
                            erty.

                        forwardingConfig -> (structure)
                            The forwarding configuration for a given property.

                            state -> (string)
                               The forwarding state for the given property.

                 metric -> (structure)
                     Specifies an asset metric property. A metric  contains  a
                     mathematical  expression that uses aggregate functions to
                     process all input data points over a  time  interval  and
                     output  a single data point, such as to calculate the av-
                     erage hourly temperature.

                     expression -> (string)
                        The mathematical expression that  defines  the  metric
                        aggregation  function.  You can specify up to 10 vari-
                        ables per expression. You can specify up to  10  func-
                        tions per expression.

                        For  more  information, see Quotas in the IoT SiteWise
                        User Guide .

                     variables -> (list)
                        The list of variables used in the expression.

                        (structure)
                            Contains expression variable information.

                            name -> (string)
                               The friendly name of the variable to be used in
                               the expression.

                            value -> (structure)
                               The  variable that identifies an asset property
                               from which to use values.

                               propertyId -> (string)
                                   The ID of the property to use as the  vari-
                                   able. You can use the property name if it's
                                   from the same asset model.

                               hierarchyId -> (string)
                                   The ID of the hierarchy to  query  for  the
                                   property  ID.  You  can use the hierarchy's
                                   name instead of the hierarchy's ID.

                                   You use a hierarchy ID instead of  a  model
                                   ID because you can have several hierarchies
                                   using the same model and therefore the same
                                   propertyId  .  For  example, you might have
                                   separately grouped assets  that  come  from
                                   the same asset model. For more information,
                                   see Asset hierarchies in the  IoT  SiteWise
                                   User Guide .

                     window -> (structure)
                        The  window  (time  interval)  over which IoT SiteWise
                        computes  the  metric's  aggregation  expression.  IoT
                        SiteWise computes one data point per window .

                        tumbling -> (structure)
                            The tumbling time interval window.

                            interval -> (string)
                               The  time interval for the tumbling window. The
                               interval time must be between 1  minute  and  1
                               week.

                               IoT  SiteWise  computes the 1w interval the end
                               of Sunday at midnight each week (UTC),  the  1d
                               interval  at  the  end  of each day at midnight
                               (UTC), the 1h interval at the end of each hour,
                               and so on.

                               When  IoT  SiteWise  aggregates data points for
                               metric computations, the start of each interval
                               is  exclusive  and  the end of each interval is
                               inclusive. IoT  SiteWise  places  the  computed
                               data point at the end of the interval.

                            offset -> (string)
                               The  offset for the tumbling window. The offset
                               parameter accepts the following:

                               o The offset time. For example, if you  specify
                                 18h  for  offset  and  1d  for interval , IoT
                                 SiteWise aggregates data in one of  the  fol-
                                 lowing ways:

                                 o If  you create the metric before or at 6 PM
                                   (UTC), you get the first aggregation result
                                   at  6  PM  (UTC) on the day when you create
                                   the metric.

                                 o If you create the metric after 6 PM  (UTC),
                                   you  get  the first aggregation result at 6
                                   PM (UTC) the next day.

                               o The ISO 8601  format.  For  example,  if  you
                                 specify  PT18H for offset and 1d for interval
                                 , IoT SiteWise aggregates data in one of  the
                                 following ways:

                                 o If  you create the metric before or at 6 PM
                                   (UTC), you get the first aggregation result
                                   at  6  PM  (UTC) on the day when you create
                                   the metric.

                                 o If you create the metric after 6 PM  (UTC),
                                   you  get  the first aggregation result at 6
                                   PM (UTC) the next day.

                               o The 24-hour clock. For example, if you  spec-
                                 ify  00:03:00  for offset , 5m for interval ,
                                 and you create the metric at 2 PM (UTC),  you
                                 get  the  first aggregation result at 2:03 PM
                                 (UTC). You get the second aggregation  result
                                 at 2:08 PM (UTC).

                               o The  offset  time  zone.  For example, if you
                                 specify 2021-07-23T18:00-08 for offset and 1d
                                 for  interval  , IoT SiteWise aggregates data
                                 in one of the following ways:

                                 o If you create the metric before or at 6  PM
                                   (PST), you get the first aggregation result
                                   at 6 PM (PST) on the day  when  you  create
                                   the metric.

                                 o If  you create the metric after 6 PM (PST),
                                   you get the first aggregation result  at  6
                                   PM (PST) the next day.

                     processingConfig -> (structure)
                        The  processing  configuration  for  the  given metric
                        property. You can configure metrics to be computed  at
                        the  edge  or in the Amazon Web Services Cloud. By de-
                        fault, metrics are forwarded to the cloud.

                        computeLocation -> (string)
                            The compute location for the  given  metric  prop-
                            erty.

              assetModelCompositeModelId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of the composite model that contains the asset model
                 property.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no addi-
          tional results.



                                                 LIST-ASSET-MODEL-PROPERTIES()
