LIST-PROJECTS()                                                LIST-PROJECTS()



NAME
       list-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a paginated list of projects for an IoT SiteWise Monitor por-
       tal.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-projects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: projectSummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-projects
          --portal-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --portal-id (string)
          The ID of the portal.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list all projects in a portal

       The following list-projects example lists all projects that are defined
       in a portal.

          aws iotsitewise list-projects \
              --portal-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-aaaaaEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "projectSummaries": [
                  {
                      "id": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-eeeeeEXAMPLE",
                      "name": "Wind Farm 1",
                      "description": "Contains asset visualizations for Wind Farm #1 for Example Corp.",
                      "creationDate": "2020-02-20T21:58:43.362246001Z",
                      "lastUpdateDate": "2020-02-20T21:58:43.362246095Z"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see Viewing project details in the AWS IoT Site-
       Wise Monitor Application Guide.

OUTPUT
       projectSummaries -> (list)
          A list that summarizes each project in the portal.

          (structure)
              Contains project summary information.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the project.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the project.

              description -> (string)
                 The project's description.

              creationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date the project was created, in Unix epoch time.

              lastUpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date the project was last updated, in Unix epoch time.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no addi-
          tional results.



                                                               LIST-PROJECTS()
