LIST-BULK-IMPORT-JOBS()                                LIST-BULK-IMPORT-JOBS()



NAME
       list-bulk-import-jobs -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  API  operation  is  in preview release for IoT SiteWise and is
          subject to change. We recommend that you  use  this  operation  only
          with test data, and not in production environments.

       Retrieves a paginated list of bulk import job requests. For more infor-
       mation, see List bulk import jobs (CLI) in the  Amazon  Simple  Storage
       Service User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-bulk-import-jobs  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: jobSummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-bulk-import-jobs
          [--filter <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filter (string)
          You can use a filter to select the bulk import jobs that you want to
          retrieve.

          Possible values:

          o ALL

          o PENDING

          o RUNNING

          o CANCELLED

          o FAILED

          o COMPLETED_WITH_FAILURES

          o COMPLETED

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       jobSummaries -> (list)
          One or more job summaries to list.

          (structure)
              Contains a job summary information.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the job.

              name -> (string)
                 The unique name that helps identify the job request.

              status -> (string)
                 The  status  of  the  bulk import job can be one of following
                 values.

                 o PENDING  IoT SiteWise is waiting for the current  bulk  im-
                   port job to finish.

                 o CANCELLED  The bulk import job has been canceled.

                 o RUNNING   IoT SiteWise is processing your request to import
                   your data from Amazon S3.

                 o COMPLETED  IoT SiteWise successfully completed your request
                   to import data from Amazon S3.

                 o FAILED   IoT  SiteWise couldn't process your request to im-
                   port data from Amazon S3. You can use  logs  saved  in  the
                   specified  error  report  location  in  Amazon  S3 to trou-
                   bleshoot issues.

                 o COMPLETED_WITH_FAILURES  IoT SiteWise  completed  your  re-
                   quest  to  import  data from Amazon S3 with errors. You can
                   use logs saved in the specified error  report  location  in
                   Amazon S3 to troubleshoot issues.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no addi-
          tional results.



                                                       LIST-BULK-IMPORT-JOBS()
