TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  tags to an IoT SiteWise resource. If a tag already exists for the
       resource, this operation updates the tag's value.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource to tag.

       --tags (map)
          A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata  for  the  resource.
          For more information, see Tagging your IoT SiteWise resources in the
          IoT SiteWise User Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To add a tag to a resource

       The following tag-resource example adds an owner tag to a wind  turbine
       asset. This lets you control access to the asset based on who owns it.

          aws iotsitewise tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:iotsitewise:us-west-2:123456789012:asset/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-33333EXAMPLE \
              --tags Owner=richard-roe

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Tagging your resources in the AWS IoT Site-
       Wise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
