UPDATE-GATEWAY()                                              UPDATE-GATEWAY()



NAME
       update-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a gateway's name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-gateway
          --gateway-id <value>
          --gateway-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the gateway to update.

       --gateway-name (string)
          A unique, friendly name for the gateway.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a gateway's name

       The following update-gateway example updates a gateway's name.

          aws iotsitewise update-gateway \
              --gateway-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-1a1a1EXAMPLE \
              --gateway-name ExampleCorpGateway1

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Ingesting data using a gateway in the AWS IoT
       SiteWise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UPDATE-GATEWAY()
