DELETE-SCALING-PLAN()                                    DELETE-SCALING-PLAN()



NAME
       delete-scaling-plan -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified scaling plan.

       Deleting  a scaling plan deletes the underlying  ScalingInstruction for
       all of the scalable resources that are covered by the plan.

       If the plan  has  launched  resources  or  has  scaling  activities  in
       progress, you must delete those resources separately.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-scaling-plan
          --scaling-plan-name <value>
          --scaling-plan-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --scaling-plan-name (string)
          The name of the scaling plan.

       --scaling-plan-version (long)
          The  version  number  of the scaling plan. Currently, the only valid
          value is 1 .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a scaling plan

       The following delete-scaling-plan example deletes the specified scaling
       plan.

          aws autoscaling-plans delete-scaling-plan \
              --scaling-plan-name my-scaling-plan \
              --scaling-plan-version 1

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see the AWS Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-SCALING-PLAN()
