EXPORT-BUNDLE()                                                EXPORT-BUNDLE()



NAME
       export-bundle -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  customized  software development kit (SDK) and or tool pack-
       ages used to integrate mobile web or mobile app  clients  with  backend
       AWS resources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-bundle
          --bundle-id <value>
          [--project-id <value>]
          [--platform <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bundle-id (string)
          Unique bundle identifier.

       --project-id (string)
          Unique project identifier.

       --platform (string)
          Developer desktop or target application platform.

          Possible values:

          o OSX

          o WINDOWS

          o LINUX

          o OBJC

          o SWIFT

          o ANDROID

          o JAVASCRIPT

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       downloadUrl -> (string)
          URL  which  contains the custom-generated SDK and tool packages used
          to integrate the client mobile app or web app with the AWS resources
          created by the AWS Mobile Hub project.



                                                               EXPORT-BUNDLE()
