EXPORT-PROJECT()                                              EXPORT-PROJECT()



NAME
       export-project -

DESCRIPTION
       Exports project configuration to a snapshot which can be downloaded and
       shared. Note that mobile app push credentials are encrypted in exported
       projects,  so  they can only be shared successfully within the same AWS
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-project
          --project-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-id (string)
          Unique project identifier.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       downloadUrl -> (string)
          URL which can be used to download the exported project  configuation
          file(s).

       shareUrl -> (string)
          URL which can be shared to allow other AWS users to create their own
          project in AWS Mobile Hub with the same configuration as the  speci-
          fied project. This URL pertains to a snapshot in time of the project
          configuration that is created when this API is called. If  you  want
          to  share additional changes to your project configuration, then you
          will need to create and share a new snapshot by calling this  method
          again.

       snapshotId -> (string)
          Unique  identifier for the exported snapshot of the project configu-
          ration. This snapshot identifier is included in the share URL.



                                                              EXPORT-PROJECT()
