ADMIN-UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()                  ADMIN-UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       admin-update-user-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  specified  user's  attributes,  including  developer  at-
       tributes, as an administrator. Works on any user.

       For custom attributes, you must prepend the custom: prefix to  the  at-
       tribute name.

       In  addition  to updating user attributes, this API can also be used to
       mark phone and email as verified.

       NOTE:
          This action might generate an SMS text  message.  Starting  June  1,
          2021, U.S. telecom carriers require that you register an origination
          phone number before you can send SMS messages to U.S. phone numbers.
          If  you use SMS text messages in Amazon Cognito, you must register a
          phone number with Amazon Pinpoint . Cognito will use the the  regis-
          tered  number  automatically. Otherwise, Cognito users that must re-
          ceive SMS messages might be unable to sign up,  activate  their  ac-
          counts, or sign in.

          If  you have never used SMS text messages with Amazon Cognito or any
          other Amazon Web Service, Amazon SNS might place your account in SMS
          sandbox. In * sandbox mode * , youll have limitations, such as send-
          ing messages to only verified phone numbers. After  testing  in  the
          sandbox  environment,  you  can move out of the SMS sandbox and into
          production. For more information, see SMS message settings for  Cog-
          nito User Pools in the Amazon Cognito Developer Guide .

       Calling this action requires developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-update-user-attributes
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --user-attributes <value>
          [--client-metadata <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID for the user pool where you want to update user at-
          tributes.

       --username (string)
          The user name of the user for whom  you  want  to  update  user  at-
          tributes.

       --user-attributes (list)
          An array of name-value pairs representing user attributes.

          For  custom  attributes,  you must prepend the custom: prefix to the
          attribute name.

          (structure)
              Specifies whether the attribute is standard or custom.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the attribute.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --client-metadata (map)
          A map of custom key-value pairs that you can provide  as  input  for
          any custom workflows that this action triggers.

          You  create  custom  workflows by assigning Lambda functions to user
          pool triggers. When you use the  AdminUpdateUserAttributes  API  ac-
          tion,  Amazon  Cognito  invokes the function that is assigned to the
          custom message trigger. When Amazon Cognito invokes  this  function,
          it passes a JSON payload, which the function receives as input. This
          payload contains a clientMetadata attribute, which provides the data
          that you assigned to the ClientMetadata parameter in your AdminUpda-
          teUserAttributes request. In your function code in Lambda,  you  can
          process  the  clientMetadata value to enhance your workflow for your
          specific needs.

          For more information,  see  Customizing  User  Pool  Workflows  with
          Lambda Triggers in the Amazon Cognito Developer Guide .

          NOTE:
              Take  the  following limitations into consideration when you use
              the ClientMetadata parameter:

              o Amazon Cognito does not store the ClientMetadata  value.  This
                data is available only to Lambda triggers that are assigned to
                a user pool to support custom workflows.  If  your  user  pool
                configuration  does  not  include triggers, the ClientMetadata
                parameter serves no purpose.

              o Amazon Cognito does not validate the ClientMetadata value.

              o Amazon Cognito does not encrypt the the ClientMetadata  value,
                so don't use it to provide sensitive information.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update user attributes

       This  example  updates  a  custom  user  attribute CustomAttr1 for user
       diego@example.com.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp admin-update-user-attributes --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --username diego@example.com  --user-attributes Name="custom:CustomAttr1",Value="Purple"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ADMIN-UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()
