ADMIN-USER-GLOBAL-SIGN-OUT()                      ADMIN-USER-GLOBAL-SIGN-OUT()



NAME
       admin-user-global-sign-out -

DESCRIPTION
       Signs out a user from all devices. You must sign AdminUserGlobalSignOut
       requests with Amazon Web Services credentials. It also invalidates  all
       refresh  tokens  that  Amazon  Cognito has issued to a user. The user's
       current access and ID tokens remain valid until  they  expire.  By  de-
       fault,  access  and  ID  tokens expire one hour after they're issued. A
       user can still use a hosted UI cookie to retrieve new  tokens  for  the
       duration of the cookie validity period of 1 hour.

       Calling this action requires developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-user-global-sign-out
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID.

       --username (string)
          The user name.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  ADMIN-USER-GLOBAL-SIGN-OUT()
