ADMIN-DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()                  ADMIN-DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       admin-delete-user-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  user attributes in a user pool as an administrator. Works
       on any user.

       Calling this action requires developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-delete-user-attributes
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --user-attribute-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID for the user pool where you want to delete user at-
          tributes.

       --username (string)
          The  user  name  of the user from which you would like to delete at-
          tributes.

       --user-attribute-names (list)
          An array of strings representing the user attribute names  you  want
          to delete.

          For  custom  attributes,  you must prepend the custom: prefix to the
          attribute name.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a user attribute

       This   example   deletes   a  custom  attribute  CustomAttr1  for  user
       diego@example.com.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp admin-delete-user-attributes --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --username diego@example.com --user-attribute-names "custom:CustomAttr1"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ADMIN-DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()
