ADMIN-UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()          ADMIN-UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()



NAME
       admin-update-auth-event-feedback -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides feedback for an authentication event indicating if it was from
       a valid user. This feedback is used for improving the  risk  evaluation
       decision for the user pool as part of Amazon Cognito advanced security.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-update-auth-event-feedback
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --event-id <value>
          --feedback-value <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID.

       --username (string)
          The user pool username.

       --event-id (string)
          The authentication event ID.

       --feedback-value (string)
          The authentication event feedback value.

          Possible values:

          o Valid

          o Invalid

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To provide feedback for an authorization event

       This example sets the feedback value for an authorization event identi-
       fied by event-id to Valid.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp admin-update-auth-event-feedback --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --username diego@example.com --event-id c2c2cf89-c0d3-482d-aba6-99d78a5b0bfe --feedback-value Valid

OUTPUT
       None



                                            ADMIN-UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()
