ADMIN-REMOVE-USER-FROM-GROUP()                  ADMIN-REMOVE-USER-FROM-GROUP()



NAME
       admin-remove-user-from-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified user from the specified group.

       Calling this action requires developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-remove-user-from-group
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID for the user pool.

       --username (string)
          The username for the user.

       --group-name (string)
          The group name.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a user from a group

       This example removes jane@example.com from SampleGroup.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp admin-remove-user-from-group --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --username jane@example.com --group-name SampleGroup

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ADMIN-REMOVE-USER-FROM-GROUP()
