ADMIN-SET-USER-PASSWORD()                            ADMIN-SET-USER-PASSWORD()



NAME
       admin-set-user-password -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the specified user's password in a user pool as an administrator.
       Works on any user.

       The password can be temporary or permanent. If  it  is  temporary,  the
       user  status  will be placed into the FORCE_CHANGE_PASSWORD state. When
       the user next tries to sign in, the InitiateAuth/AdminInitiateAuth  re-
       sponse  will  contain  the NEW_PASSWORD_REQUIRED challenge. If the user
       does not sign in before it expires, the user will not be able  to  sign
       in and their password will need to be reset by an administrator.

       Once the user has set a new password, or the password is permanent, the
       user status will be set to Confirmed .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            admin-set-user-password
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --password <value>
          [--permanent | --no-permanent]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID for the user pool where you want to set the  user's
          password.

       --username (string)
          The user name of the user whose password you wish to set.

       --password (string)
          The password for the user.

       --permanent | --no-permanent (boolean)
          True if the password is permanent, False if it is temporary.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ADMIN-SET-USER-PASSWORD()
