ASSOCIATE-SOFTWARE-TOKEN()                          ASSOCIATE-SOFTWARE-TOKEN()



NAME
       associate-software-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Begins  setup  of  time-based one-time password (TOTP) multi-factor au-
       thentication (MFA) for a user, with a unique private  key  that  Amazon
       Cognito generates and returns in the API response. You can authorize an
       AssociateSoftwareToken request with either the user's access token,  or
       a  session string from a challenge response that you received from Ama-
       zon Cognito.

       NOTE:
          Amazon Cognito disassociates an existing  software  token  when  you
          verify  the  new  token in a VerifySoftwareToken API request. If you
          don't verify the software token and your user pool  doesn't  require
          MFA, the user can then authenticate with user name and password cre-
          dentials alone. If your user pool requires TOTP MFA, Amazon  Cognito
          generates  an  MFA_SETUP or SOFTWARE_TOKEN_SETUP challenge each time
          your user signs. Complete setup with AssociateSoftwareToken and Ver-
          ifySoftwareToken .

          After  you  set  up software token MFA for your user, Amazon Cognito
          generates a SOFTWARE_TOKEN_MFA challenge when they authenticate. Re-
          spond to this challenge with your user's TOTP.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-software-token
          [--access-token <value>]
          [--session <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          A  valid  access  token that Amazon Cognito issued to the user whose
          software token you want to generate.

       --session (string)
          The session that should be passed both  ways  in  challenge-response
          calls to the service. This allows authentication of the user as part
          of the MFA setup process.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SecretCode -> (string)
          A unique generated shared secret code that is used in the TOTP algo-
          rithm to generate a one-time code.

       Session -> (string)
          The session that should be passed both  ways  in  challenge-response
          calls to the service. This allows authentication of the user as part
          of the MFA setup process.



                                                    ASSOCIATE-SOFTWARE-TOKEN()
