DELETE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()                            DELETE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()



NAME
       delete-user-pool-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a domain for a user pool.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-pool-domain
          --domain <value>
          --user-pool-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The  domain  string. For custom domains, this is the fully-qualified
          domain name, such as auth.example.com . For  Amazon  Cognito  prefix
          domains, this is the prefix alone, such as auth .

       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a user pool domain

       The following delete-user-pool-domain example deletes a user  pool  do-
       main named my-domain

          aws cognito-idp delete-user-pool-domain \
              --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa \
              --domain my-domain

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()
