DELETE-USER-POOL-CLIENT()                            DELETE-USER-POOL-CLIENT()



NAME
       delete-user-pool-client -

DESCRIPTION
       Allows the developer to delete the user pool client.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-pool-client
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --client-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The  user  pool  ID  for  the user pool where you want to delete the
          client.

       --client-id (string)
          The app client ID of the app associated with the user pool.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a user pool client

       This example deletes a user pool client.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp delete-user-pool-client --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --client-id 38fjsnc484p94kpqsnet7mpld0

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-USER-POOL-CLIENT()
