DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()                              DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       delete-user-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the attributes for a user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-attributes
          --user-attribute-names <value>
          --access-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-attribute-names (list)
          An  array  of strings representing the user attribute names you want
          to delete.

          For custom attributes, you must prependattach the custom: prefix  to
          the front of the attribute name.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --access-token (string)
          A  valid  access  token that Amazon Cognito issued to the user whose
          attributes you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete user attributes

       This example deletes the user attribute "FAVORITE_ANIMAL".

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp delete-user-attributes --access-token ACCESS_TOKEN --user-attribute-names "FAVORITE_ANIMAL"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()
