GET-USER()                                                          GET-USER()



NAME
       get-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the user attributes and metadata for a user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-user
          --access-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          The  access token returned by the server response to get information
          about the user.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Username -> (string)
          The user name of the user you wish to retrieve from the get user re-
          quest.

       UserAttributes -> (list)
          An array of name-value pairs representing user attributes.

          For  custom  attributes,  you must prepend the custom: prefix to the
          attribute name.

          (structure)
              Specifies whether the attribute is standard or custom.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the attribute.

       MFAOptions -> (list)
              This response parameter is no longer supported. It provides  in-
              formation  only about SMS MFA configurations. It doesn't provide
              information about TOTP software  token  MFA  configurations.  To
              look  up information about either type of MFA configuration, use
              UserMFASettingList instead.

          (structure)
                 This data type is no longer supported. You can  use  it  only
                 for  SMS  MFA configurations. You can't use it for TOTP soft-
                 ware token MFA configurations.

              DeliveryMedium -> (string)
                 The delivery medium to send the MFA code. You  can  use  this
                 parameter to set only the SMS delivery medium value.

              AttributeName -> (string)
                 The  attribute  name  of  the MFA option type. The only valid
                 value is phone_number .

       PreferredMfaSetting -> (string)
          The user's preferred MFA setting.

       UserMFASettingList -> (list)
          The MFA options that are enabled for the user. The  possible  values
          in this list are SMS_MFA and SOFTWARE_TOKEN_MFA .

          (string)



                                                                    GET-USER()
