GET-USER-POOL-MFA-CONFIG()                          GET-USER-POOL-MFA-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-user-pool-mfa-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the user pool multi-factor authentication (MFA) configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-user-pool-mfa-config
          --user-pool-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SmsMfaConfiguration -> (structure)
          The SMS text message multi-factor (MFA) configuration.

          SmsAuthenticationMessage -> (string)
              The SMS authentication message that will be sent to  users  with
              the  code they must sign in. The message must contain the {####}
              placeholder, which is replaced with the  code.  If  the  message
              isn't included, and default message will be used.

          SmsConfiguration -> (structure)
              The SMS configuration with the settings that your Amazon Cognito
              user pool must use to send an SMS message from your  Amazon  Web
              Services  account through Amazon Simple Notification Service. To
              request Amazon SNS in the Amazon Web Services  Region  that  you
              want,  the  Amazon Cognito user pool uses an Identity and Access
              Management (IAM) role that you provide for your Amazon Web  Ser-
              vices account.

              SnsCallerArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS caller. This
                 is the ARN of the IAM role in your Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
                 count  that Amazon Cognito will use to send SMS messages. SMS
                 messages are subject to a spending limit .

              ExternalId -> (string)
                 The external ID provides additional  security  for  your  IAM
                 role.  You  can  use an ExternalId with the IAM role that you
                 use with Amazon SNS to send SMS messages for your user  pool.
                 If  you provide an ExternalId , your Amazon Cognito user pool
                 includes it in the request to assume your IAM role.  You  can
                 configure  the  role trust policy to require that Amazon Cog-
                 nito, and any principal, provide the ExternalID . If you  use
                 the  Amazon  Cognito  Management Console to create a role for
                 SMS multi-factor authentication (MFA), Amazon Cognito creates
                 a  role with the required permissions and a trust policy that
                 demonstrates use of the ExternalId .

                 For more information about the ExternalId of a role, see  How
                 to use an external ID when granting access to your Amazon Web
                 Services resources to a third party

              SnsRegion -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region to use with Amazon  SNS  inte-
                 gration. You can choose the same Region as your user pool, or
                 a supported Legacy Amazon SNS alternate Region .

                 Amazon Cognito resources in the Asia Pacific  (Seoul)  Amazon
                 Web Services Region must use your Amazon SNS configuration in
                 the Asia Pacific (Tokyo) Region. For  more  information,  see
                 SMS message settings for Amazon Cognito user pools .

       SoftwareTokenMfaConfiguration -> (structure)
          The software token multi-factor (MFA) configuration.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether software token MFA is activated.

       MfaConfiguration -> (string)
          The multi-factor (MFA) configuration. Valid values include:

          o OFF MFA won't be used for any users.

          o ON MFA is required for all users to sign in.

          o OPTIONAL  MFA  will be required only for individual users who have
            an MFA factor activated.



                                                    GET-USER-POOL-MFA-CONFIG()
