REVOKE-TOKEN()                                                  REVOKE-TOKEN()



NAME
       revoke-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes all of the access tokens generated by the specified refresh to-
       ken. After the token is revoked, you can not use the revoked  token  to
       access Cognito authenticated APIs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            revoke-token
          --token <value>
          --client-id <value>
          [--client-secret <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --token (string)
          The token that you want to revoke.

       --client-id (string)
          The client ID for the token that you want to revoke.

       --client-secret (string)
          The secret for the client ID. This is required only if the client ID
          has a secret.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                REVOKE-TOKEN()
