SET-USER-SETTINGS()                                        SET-USER-SETTINGS()



NAME
       set-user-settings -

DESCRIPTION
          This action is no longer supported. You can use it to configure only
          SMS MFA. You can't use it to configure TOTP software token  MFA.  To
          configure either type of MFA, use SetUserMFAPreference instead.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-user-settings
          --access-token <value>
          --mfa-options <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          The access token for the set user settings request.

       --mfa-options (list)
          You  can  use  this  parameter only to set an SMS configuration that
          uses SMS for delivery.

          (structure)
                 This data type is no longer supported. You can  use  it  only
                 for  SMS  MFA configurations. You can't use it for TOTP soft-
                 ware token MFA configurations.

              DeliveryMedium -> (string)
                 The delivery medium to send the MFA code. You  can  use  this
                 parameter to set only the SMS delivery medium value.

              AttributeName -> (string)
                 The  attribute  name  of  the MFA option type. The only valid
                 value is phone_number .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          DeliveryMedium=string,AttributeName=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "DeliveryMedium": "SMS"|"EMAIL",
              "AttributeName": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set user settings

       This example sets the MFA delivery preference to EMAIL.

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp set-user-settings --access-token ACCESS_TOKEN --mfa-options DeliveryMedium=EMAIL

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           SET-USER-SETTINGS()
