UPDATE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()                            UPDATE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()



NAME
       update-user-pool-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate for the custom do-
       main for your user pool.

       You can use this operation to provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of
       a  new  certificate  to Amazon Cognito. You cannot use it to change the
       domain for a user pool.

       A custom domain is used to host the Amazon  Cognito  hosted  UI,  which
       provides  sign-up  and sign-in pages for your application. When you set
       up a custom domain, you provide a certificate that you manage with Cer-
       tificate  Manager  (ACM). When necessary, you can use this operation to
       change the certificate that you applied to your custom domain.

       Usually, this is unnecessary following routine certificate renewal with
       ACM.  When you renew your existing certificate in ACM, the ARN for your
       certificate remains the same, and your custom domain uses the new  cer-
       tificate automatically.

       However,  if  you replace your existing certificate with a new one, ACM
       gives the new certificate a new ARN. To apply the  new  certificate  to
       your custom domain, you must provide this ARN to Amazon Cognito.

       When  you  add your new certificate in ACM, you must choose US East (N.
       Virginia) as the Region.

       After you submit your request, Amazon Cognito requires up to 1 hour  to
       distribute your new certificate to your custom domain.

       For  more  information  about adding a custom domain to your user pool,
       see Using Your Own Domain for the Hosted UI .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-user-pool-domain
          --domain <value>
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --custom-domain-config <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The domain name for the custom domain that  hosts  the  sign-up  and
          sign-in pages for your application. For example: auth.example.com .

          This  string  can  include  only lowercase letters, numbers, and hy-
          phens. Do not use a hyphen for the first or last character. Use  pe-
          riods to separate subdomain names.

       --user-pool-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the user pool that is associated with the custom domain
          that you are updating the certificate for.

       --custom-domain-config (structure)
          The configuration for a custom domain that  hosts  the  sign-up  and
          sign-in  pages  for  your application. Use this object to specify an
          SSL certificate that is managed by ACM.

          CertificateArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  an  Certificate  Manager  SSL
              certificate.  You use this certificate for the subdomain of your
              custom domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          CertificateArn=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "CertificateArn": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CloudFrontDomain -> (string)
          The Amazon CloudFront endpoint that Amazon Cognito set up  when  you
          added the custom domain to your user pool.



                                                     UPDATE-USER-POOL-DOMAIN()
