UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()                              UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       update-user-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Allows a user to update a specific attribute (one at a time).

       NOTE:
          This  action  might  generate  an SMS text message. Starting June 1,
          2021, US telecom carriers require you  to  register  an  origination
          phone  number  before you can send SMS messages to US phone numbers.
          If you use SMS text messages in Amazon Cognito, you must register  a
          phone  number  with Amazon Pinpoint . Amazon Cognito uses the regis-
          tered number automatically. Otherwise, Amazon Cognito users who must
          receive  SMS  messages  might not be able to sign up, activate their
          accounts, or sign in.

          If you have never used SMS text messages with Amazon Cognito or  any
          other  Amazon  Web Service, Amazon Simple Notification Service might
          place your account in the SMS sandbox. In * sandbox mode * , you can
          send  messages  only  to verified phone numbers. After you test your
          app while in the sandbox environment, you can move out of the  sand-
          box  and into production. For more information, see SMS message set-
          tings for Amazon Cognito user pools in the Amazon Cognito  Developer
          Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-user-attributes
          --user-attributes <value>
          --access-token <value>
          [--client-metadata <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-attributes (list)
          An array of name-value pairs representing user attributes.

          For  custom  attributes,  you must prepend the custom: prefix to the
          attribute name.

          If you have set an attribute to require verification  before  Amazon
          Cognito  updates  its  value, this request doesnt immediately update
          the value of that attribute. After your user receives  and  responds
          to  a  verification  message to verify the new value, Amazon Cognito
          updates the attribute value. Your user can sign in and receive  mes-
          sages  with  the  original attribute value until they verify the new
          value.

          (structure)
              Specifies whether the attribute is standard or custom.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the attribute.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --access-token (string)
          A valid access token that Amazon Cognito issued to  the  user  whose
          user attributes you want to update.

       --client-metadata (map)
          A  map  of  custom key-value pairs that you can provide as input for
          any custom workflows that this action initiates.

          You create custom workflows by assigning Lambda  functions  to  user
          pool  triggers.  When  you  use the UpdateUserAttributes API action,
          Amazon Cognito invokes the function that is assigned to  the  custom
          message  trigger.  When  Amazon  Cognito  invokes  this function, it
          passes a JSON payload, which the function receives  as  input.  This
          payload contains a clientMetadata attribute, which provides the data
          that you assigned to the  ClientMetadata  parameter  in  your  Upda-
          teUserAttributes  request.  In your function code in Lambda, you can
          process the clientMetadata value to enhance your workflow  for  your
          specific needs.

          For  more  information,  see  Customizing  user  pool Workflows with
          Lambda Triggers in the Amazon Cognito Developer Guide .

          NOTE:
              When you use the ClientMetadata parameter, remember that  Amazon
              Cognito won't do the following:

              o Store the ClientMetadata value. This data is available only to
                Lambda triggers that are assigned to a user  pool  to  support
                custom  workflows. If your user pool configuration doesn't in-
                clude triggers, the ClientMetadata parameter  serves  no  pur-
                pose.

              o Validate the ClientMetadata value.

              o Encrypt  the ClientMetadata value. Don't use Amazon Cognito to
                provide sensitive information.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update user attributes

       This example updates the user attribute "nickname".

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp update-user-attributes --access-token ACCESS_TOKEN --user-attributes Name="nickname",Value="Dan"

OUTPUT
       CodeDeliveryDetailsList -> (list)
          The  code  delivery  details list from the server for the request to
          update user attributes.

          (structure)
              The delivery details for an email or  SMS  message  that  Amazon
              Cognito sent for authentication or verification.

              Destination -> (string)
                 The  email  address  or phone number destination where Amazon
                 Cognito sent the code.

              DeliveryMedium -> (string)
                 The method that Amazon Cognito used to send the code.

              AttributeName -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute that Amazon Cognito  verifies  with
                 the code.



                                                      UPDATE-USER-ATTRIBUTES()
