UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()                      UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()



NAME
       update-auth-event-feedback -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  the feedback for an authentication event, whether it was from
       a valid user or not. This feedback is used for improving the risk eval-
       uation  decision  for  the user pool as part of Amazon Cognito advanced
       security.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-auth-event-feedback
          --user-pool-id <value>
          --username <value>
          --event-id <value>
          --feedback-token <value>
          --feedback-value <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-pool-id (string)
          The user pool ID.

       --username (string)
          The user pool username.

       --event-id (string)
          The event ID.

       --feedback-token (string)
          The feedback token.

       --feedback-value (string)
          The authentication event feedback value.

          Possible values:

          o Valid

          o Invalid

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update auth event feedback

       This example updates authorization event feedback. It marks  the  event
       "Valid".

       Command:

          aws cognito-idp update-auth-event-feedback --user-pool-id us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa --username diego@example.com --event-id EVENT_ID --feedback-token FEEDBACK_TOKEN --feedback-value "Valid"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  UPDATE-AUTH-EVENT-FEEDBACK()
