VERIFY-USER-ATTRIBUTE()                                VERIFY-USER-ATTRIBUTE()



NAME
       verify-user-attribute -

DESCRIPTION
       Verifies the specified user attributes in the user pool.

       If  your  user pool requires verification before Amazon Cognito updates
       the attribute value, VerifyUserAttribute updates the affected attribute
       to     its     pending     value.    For    more    information,    see
       UserAttributeUpdateSettingsType .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-user-attribute
          --access-token <value>
          --attribute-name <value>
          --code <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          A valid access token that Amazon Cognito issued to  the  user  whose
          user attributes you want to verify.

       --attribute-name (string)
          The attribute name in the request to verify user attributes.

       --code (string)
          The verification code in the request to verify user attributes.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       VERIFY-USER-ATTRIBUTE()
