LIST-DATASETS()                                                LIST-DATASETS()



NAME
       list-datasets -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists datasets for an identity. With Amazon Cognito Sync, each identity
       has access only to its own data. Thus, the  credentials  used  to  make
       this API call need to have access to the identity data.

       ListDatasets  can be called with temporary user credentials provided by
       Cognito Identity or with developer credentials. You should use the Cog-
       nito Identity credentials to make this API call.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-datasets
          --identity-pool-id <value>
          --identity-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-pool-id   (string)   A   name-spaced   GUID   (for  example,
       us-east-1:23EC4050-6AEA-7089-A2DD-08002EXAMPLE) created by Amazon  Cog-
       nito. GUID generation is unique within a region.

       --identity-id    (string)    A    name-spaced    GUID   (for   example,
       us-east-1:23EC4050-6AEA-7089-A2DD-08002EXAMPLE) created by Amazon  Cog-
       nito. GUID generation is unique within a region.

       --next-token (string) A pagination token for obtaining the next page of
       results.

       --max-results (integer) The maximum number of results to be returned.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Datasets -> (list)
          A set of datasets.

          (structure)
              A collection of data for an identity pool. An identity pool  can
              have  multiple  datasets.  A  dataset is per identity and can be
              general or associated with a particular entity in an application
              (like  a saved game). Datasets are automatically created if they
              don't exist. Data is synced by dataset, and a dataset  can  hold
              up to 1MB of key-value pairs.

              IdentityId -> (string)
                 A         name-spaced        GUID        (for        example,
                 us-east-1:23EC4050-6AEA-7089-A2DD-08002EXAMPLE)  created   by
                 Amazon Cognito. GUID generation is unique within a region.

              DatasetName -> (string)
                 A string of up to 128 characters. Allowed characters are a-z,
                 A-Z, 0-9, '_' (underscore), '-' (dash), and '.' (dot).

              CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                 Date on which the dataset was created.

              LastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)
                 Date when the dataset was last modified.

              LastModifiedBy -> (string)
                 The device that made the last change to this dataset.

              DataStorage -> (long)
                 Total size in bytes of the records in this dataset.

              NumRecords -> (long)
                 Number of records in this dataset.

       Count -> (integer)
          Number of datasets returned.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A pagination token for obtaining the next page of results.



                                                               LIST-DATASETS()
