SUBSCRIBE-TO-DATASET()                                  SUBSCRIBE-TO-DATASET()



NAME
       subscribe-to-dataset -

DESCRIPTION
       Subscribes  to  receive notifications when a dataset is modified by an-
       other device.

       This API can only be called with temporary credentials provided by Cog-
       nito Identity. You cannot call this API with developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            subscribe-to-dataset
          --identity-pool-id <value>
          --identity-id <value>
          --dataset-name <value>
          --device-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-pool-id (string)
          A          name-spaced          GUID          (for          example,
          us-east-1:23EC4050-6AEA-7089-A2DD-08002EXAMPLE)  created  by  Amazon
          Cognito. The ID of the pool to which the identity belongs.

       --identity-id (string)
          Unique ID for this identity.

       --dataset-name (string)
          The name of the dataset to subcribe to.

       --device-id (string)
          The unique ID generated for this device by Cognito.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        SUBSCRIBE-TO-DATASET()
