UNSUBSCRIBE-FROM-DATASET()                          UNSUBSCRIBE-FROM-DATASET()



NAME
       unsubscribe-from-dataset -

DESCRIPTION
       Unsubscribes from receiving notifications when a dataset is modified by
       another device.

       This API can only be called with temporary credentials provided by Cog-
       nito Identity. You cannot call this API with developer credentials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unsubscribe-from-dataset
          --identity-pool-id <value>
          --identity-id <value>
          --dataset-name <value>
          --device-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-pool-id (string)
          A          name-spaced          GUID          (for          example,
          us-east-1:23EC4050-6AEA-7089-A2DD-08002EXAMPLE)  created  by  Amazon
          Cognito. The ID of the pool to which this identity belongs.

       --identity-id (string)
          Unique ID for this identity.

       --dataset-name (string)
          The name of the dataset from which to unsubcribe.

       --device-id (string)
          The unique ID generated for this device by Cognito.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UNSUBSCRIBE-FROM-DATASET()
