DELETE-DEPLOYMENT-STRATEGY()                      DELETE-DEPLOYMENT-STRATEGY()



NAME
       delete-deployment-strategy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a deployment strategy. Deleting a deployment strategy does not
       delete a configuration from a host.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-deployment-strategy
          --deployment-strategy-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --deployment-strategy-id (string)
          The ID of the deployment strategy you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a deployment strategy

       The following delete-deployment-strategy example deletes the  specified
       deployment strategy.

          aws appconfig delete-deployment-strategy \
              --deployment-strategy-id 1225qzk

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Step 4: Creating a deployment strategy in the
       AWS AppConfig User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-DEPLOYMENT-STRATEGY()
