DELETE-HOSTED-CONFIGURATION-VERSION()    DELETE-HOSTED-CONFIGURATION-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-hosted-configuration-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a version of a configuration from the AppConfig hosted configu-
       ration store.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-hosted-configuration-version
          --application-id <value>
          --configuration-profile-id <value>
          --version-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The application ID.

       --configuration-profile-id (string)
          The configuration profile ID.

       --version-number (integer)
          The versions number to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a hosted configuration version

       The following  delete-hosted-configuration-version  example  deletes  a
       configuration  version hosted in the AWS AppConfig hosted configuration
       store.

          aws appconfig delete-hosted-configuration-version \
              --application-id 339ohji \
              --configuration-profile-id ur8hx2f \
              --version-number 1

       Output:: This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Step 3: Creating a configuration and  a  con-
       figuration profile in the AWS AppConfig User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         DELETE-HOSTED-CONFIGURATION-VERSION()
