DELETE-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()                  DELETE-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-configuration-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a configuration profile. Deleting a configuration profile does
       not delete a configuration from a host.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-configuration-profile
          --application-id <value>
          --configuration-profile-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The application ID that includes the configuration profile you  want
          to delete.

       --configuration-profile-id (string)
          The ID of the configuration profile you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a configuration profile

       The  following  delete-configuration-profile example deletes the speci-
       fied configuration profile.

          aws appconfig delete-configuration-profile \
              --application-id 339ohji \
              --configuration-profile-id ur8hx2f

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Step 3: Creating a configuration and  a  con-
       figuration profile in the AWS AppConfig User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                DELETE-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()
