GET-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()                        GET-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()



NAME
       get-configuration-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about a configuration profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-configuration-profile
          --application-id <value>
          --configuration-profile-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the application that includes the configuration profile
          you want to get.

       --configuration-profile-id (string)
          The ID of the configuration profile that you want to get.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve configuration profile details

       The following get-configuration-profile example returns the details  of
       the specified configuration profile.

          aws appconfig get-configuration-profile \
              --application-id 339ohji \
              --configuration-profile-id ur8hx2f

       Output:

          {
              "ApplicationId": "339ohji",
              "Id": "ur8hx2f",
              "Name": "Example-Configuration-Profile",
              "LocationUri": "ssm-parameter://Example-Parameter",
              "RetrievalRoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/Example-App-Config-Role"
          }

       For  more  information, see Step 3: Creating a configuration and a con-
       figuration profile in the AWS AppConfig User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationId -> (string)
          The application ID.

       Id -> (string)
          The configuration profile ID.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the configuration profile.

       Description -> (string)
          The configuration profile description.

       LocationUri -> (string)
          The URI location of the configuration.

       RetrievalRoleArn -> (string)
          The ARN of an IAM role with permission to access  the  configuration
          at the specified LocationUri .

       Validators -> (list)
          A list of methods for validating the configuration.

          (structure)
              A validator provides a syntactic or semantic check to ensure the
              configuration that you want to deploy functions as intended.  To
              validate  your  application  configuration  data,  you provide a
              schema or a Lambda function that runs against the configuration.
              The configuration deployment or update can only proceed when the
              configuration data is valid.

              Type -> (string)
                 AppConfig supports validators of type JSON_SCHEMA and LAMBDA

              Content -> (string)
                 Either the JSON Schema content or the  Amazon  Resource  Name
                 (ARN) of an Lambda function.

       Type -> (string)
          The  type of configurations that the configuration profile contains.
          A configuration can be a feature flag used for enabling or disabling
          new features or a free-form configuration used for distributing con-
          figurations to your application.



                                                   GET-CONFIGURATION-PROFILE()
