LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the list of key-value tags assigned to the resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The resource ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags of an application

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists the tags of a speci-
       fied application.

          aws appconfig list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:appconfig:us-east-1:682428703967:application/339ohji

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "group1": "1"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Step 1: Creating an AWS AppConfig application
       in the AWS AppConfig User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          Metadata  to  assign  to AppConfig resources. Tags help organize and
          categorize your AppConfig resources. Each tag consists of a key  and
          an optional value, both of which you define.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
