ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()        ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       associate-service-role-to-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  role  with your account. AWS IoT Greengrass will use the
       role to access your Lambda functions and AWS  IoT  resources.  This  is
       necessary for deployments to succeed. The role must have at least mini-
       mum permissions  in  the  policy  ''AWSGreengrassResourceAccessRolePol-
       icy''.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-service-role-to-account
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-arn  (string)  The ARN of the service role you wish to associate
       with your account.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a service role with your AWS account

       The following associate-service-role-to-account example  associates  an
       IAM service role, specified by its ARN, with AWS IoT Greengrass in your
       AWS account.  You must have previously created the service role in IAM,
       and  you  must  associate a policy document with it that allows AWS IoT
       Greengrass to assume this role.

          aws greengrass associate-service-role-to-account \
              --role-arn "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/Greengrass_ServiceRole"

       Output:

          {
              "AssociatedAt": "2019-06-25T18:12:45Z"
          }

       For more information, see Greengrass Service Role in the AWS IoT Green-
       grass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the service role was associated with the account.



                                           ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-TO-ACCOUNT()
