DELETE-CORE-DEFINITION()                              DELETE-CORE-DEFINITION()



NAME
       delete-core-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a core definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-core-definition
          --core-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --core-definition-id (string) The ID of the core definition.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a core definition

       The  following  delete-core-definition  example  deletes  the specified
       Greengrass core definition, including all versions.  If  you  delete  a
       core  that  is  associated with a Greengrass group, that group can't be
       deployed successfully.

          aws greengrass delete-core-definition \
              --core-definition-id "ff36cc5f-9f98-4994-b468-9d9b6dc52abd"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-CORE-DEFINITION()
