DELETE-SUBSCRIPTION-DEFINITION()              DELETE-SUBSCRIPTION-DEFINITION()



NAME
       delete-subscription-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a subscription definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-subscription-definition
          --subscription-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subscription-definition-id  (string) The ID of the subscription defi-
       nition.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a subscription definition

       The following delete-subscription-definition example  deletes the spec-
       ified  Greengrass subscription definition. If you delete a subscription
       that is being used by a group, that group can't  be  deployed  success-
       fully.

          aws greengrass delete-subscription-definition \
              --subscription-definition-id "cd6f1c37-d9a4-4e90-be94-01a7404f5967"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              DELETE-SUBSCRIPTION-DEFINITION()
