DELETE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()                      DELETE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()



NAME
       delete-resource-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a resource definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-definition
          --resource-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-definition-id (string) The ID of the resource definition.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a resource definition

       The following delete-resource-definition example deletes the  specified
       resource  definition,  including all resource versions. If you delete a
       resource definition that is used by a group, that group  can't  be  de-
       ployed successfully.

          aws greengrass delete-resource-definition \
              --resource-definition-id "ad8c101d-8109-4b0e-b97d-9cc5802ab658"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()
