DELETE-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION()                    DELETE-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION()



NAME
       delete-connector-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a connector definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-connector-definition
          --connector-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connector-definition-id (string) The ID of the connector definition.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a connector definition

       The following delete-connector-definition example deletes the specified
       Greengrass connector definition. If you delete a  connector  definition
       that is used by a group, that group can't be deployed successfully.

          aws greengrass delete-connector-definition \
              --connector-definition-id "b5c4ebfd-f672-49a3-83cd-31c7216a7bb8"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION()
