DISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNTDISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disassociate-service-role-from-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the  service  role  from your account. Without a service
       role, deployments will not work.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-service-role-from-account
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a service role from your AWS account

       The following  disassociate-service-role-from-account  example  removes
       the  service  role that is associated with your AWS account. If you are
       not using the service role in any AWS Region, use the  delete-role-pol-
       icy command to detach the AWSGreengrassResourceAccessRolePolicy managed
       policy from the role, and then use the delete-role  command  to  delete
       the role.

          aws greengrass disassociate-service-role-from-account

       Output:

          {
              "DisassociatedAt": "2019-06-25T22:12:55Z"
          }

       For more information, see Greengrass Service Role in the AWS IoT Green-
       grass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       DisassociatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the service role was disassociated from the account.



                                      DISASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ROLE-FROM-ACCOUNT()
