GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()                  GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-service-role-for-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the service role that is attached to your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-service-role-for-account
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  retrieve  the details for the service role that is attached to your
       account

       The following get-service-role-for-account example  retrieves  informa-
       tion about the service role that is attached to your AWS account.

          aws greengrass get-service-role-for-account

       Output:

          {
              "AssociatedAt": "2018-10-18T15:59:20Z",
              "RoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/Greengrass_ServiceRole"
          }

       For more information, see Greengrass Service Role in the AWS IoT Green-
       grass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the service role was associated with the account.

       RoleArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the role which is associated with the account.



                                                GET-SERVICE-ROLE-FOR-ACCOUNT()
