GET-ASSOCIATED-ROLE()                                    GET-ASSOCIATED-ROLE()



NAME
       get-associated-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the role associated with a particular group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-associated-role
          --group-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-id (string) The ID of the Greengrass group.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the role associated with a Greengrass group

       The  following get-associated-role example gets the IAM role that's as-
       sociated with the specified Greengrass group. The group role is used by
       local Lambda functions and connectors to access AWS services.

          aws greengrass get-associated-role \
              --group-id 2494ee3f-7f8a-4e92-a78b-d205f808b84b

       Output:

          {
              "RoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/GG-Group-Role",
              "AssociatedAt": "2019-09-10T20:03:30Z"
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Configure  the  Group Role in the AWS IoT
       Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AssociatedAt -> (string)
          The time when the role was associated with the group.

       RoleArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the role that is associated with the group.



                                                         GET-ASSOCIATED-ROLE()
