LIST-CORE-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()                LIST-CORE-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-core-definition-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the versions of a core definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-core-definition-versions  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Versions

SYNOPSIS
            list-core-definition-versions
          --core-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --core-definition-id (string) The ID of the core definition.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (string)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (string)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the versions of a Greengrass core definition

       The  following  list-core-definitions example lists all versions of the
       specied Greengrass core definition. You can use  the  list-core-defini-
       tions command to get the version ID.

          aws greengrass list-core-definition-versions \
              --core-definition-id "eaf280cb-138c-4d15-af36-6f681a1348f7"

       Output:

          {
              "Versions": [
                  {
                      "Arn": "arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:/greengrass/definition/cores/eaf280cb-138c-4d15-af36-6f681a1348f7/versions/467c36e4-c5da-440c-a97b-084e62593b4c",
                      "CreationTimestamp": "2019-06-18T16:14:17.709Z",
                      "Id": "eaf280cb-138c-4d15-af36-6f681a1348f7",
                      "Version": "467c36e4-c5da-440c-a97b-084e62593b4c"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  for the next set of results, or ''null'' if there are no
          additional results.

       Versions -> (list)
          Information about a version.

          (structure)
              Information about a version.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the version.

              CreationTimestamp -> (string)
                 The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when  the  version
                 was created.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  ID  of the parent definition that the version is associ-
                 ated with.

              Version -> (string)
                 The ID of the version.



                                               LIST-CORE-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()
