LIST-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()      LIST-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-connector-definition-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the versions of a connector definition, which are containers for
       connectors. Connectors run on the Greengrass core and contain  built-in
       integration with local infrastructure, device protocols, AWS, and other
       cloud services.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-connector-definition-versions is a paginated  operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: Versions

SYNOPSIS
            list-connector-definition-versions
          --connector-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connector-definition-id (string) The ID of the connector definition.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (string)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (string)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the versions that are available for a connector definition

       The following list-connector-definition-versions example lists the ver-
       sions that are available for the specified  connector  definition.  Use
       the  list-connector-definitions command to get the connector definition
       ID.

          aws greengrass list-connector-definition-versions \
              --connector-definition-id "b5c4ebfd-f672-49a3-83cd-31c7216a7bb8"

       Output:

          {
              "Versions": [
                  {
                      "Arn": "arn:aws:greengrass:us-west-2:123456789012:/greengrass/definition/connectors/b5c4ebfd-f672-49a3-83cd-31c7216a7bb8/versions/63c57963-c7c2-4a26-a7e2-7bf478ea2623",
                      "CreationTimestamp": "2019-06-19T19:30:01.300Z",
                      "Id": "b5c4ebfd-f672-49a3-83cd-31c7216a7bb8",
                      "Version": "63c57963-c7c2-4a26-a7e2-7bf478ea2623"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Integrate with Services and  Protocols  Using
       Greengrass Connectors in the AWS IoT Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  for the next set of results, or ''null'' if there are no
          additional results.

       Versions -> (list)
          Information about a version.

          (structure)
              Information about a version.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the version.

              CreationTimestamp -> (string)
                 The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when  the  version
                 was created.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  ID  of the parent definition that the version is associ-
                 ated with.

              Version -> (string)
                 The ID of the version.



                                          LIST-CONNECTOR-DEFINITION-VERSIONS()
