STOP-BULK-DEPLOYMENT()                                  STOP-BULK-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       stop-bulk-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  the execution of a bulk deployment. This action returns a status
       of ''Stopping'' until the deployment is stopped. You cannot start a new
       bulk  deployment  while  a  previous  deployment is in the ''Stopping''
       state. This action doesn't rollback  completed  deployments  or  cancel
       pending deployments.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-bulk-deployment
          --bulk-deployment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bulk-deployment-id (string) The ID of the bulk deployment.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To stop a bulk deployment

       The following stop-bulk-deployment example stops the specified bulk de-
       ployment. If you try to stop a bulk deployment that  is  complete,  you
       receive  an  error:  InvalidInputException: Cannot change state of fin-
       ished execution.

          aws greengrass stop-bulk-deployment \
              --bulk-deployment-id "870fb41b-6288-4e0c-bc76-a7ba4b4d3267"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Create Bulk Deployments for Groups in the AWS
       IoT Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        STOP-BULK-DEPLOYMENT()
