UPDATE-FUNCTION-DEFINITION()                      UPDATE-FUNCTION-DEFINITION()



NAME
       update-function-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a Lambda function definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-function-definition
          --function-definition-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --function-definition-id (string) The ID of the Lambda function defini-
       tion.

       --name (string) The name of the definition.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update the name for a function definition

       The following update-function-definition example updates the  name  for
       the  specified  function  definition. If you want to update the details
       for the function, use the create-function-definition-version command to
       create a new version.

          aws greengrass update-function-definition \
              --function-definition-id "e47952bd-dea9-4e2c-a7e1-37bbe8807f46" \
              --name ObsoleteFunction

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Run Local Lambda Functions in the AWS IoT
       Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  UPDATE-FUNCTION-DEFINITION()
