UPDATE-LOGGER-DEFINITION()                          UPDATE-LOGGER-DEFINITION()



NAME
       update-logger-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a logger definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-logger-definition
          --logger-definition-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --logger-definition-id (string) The ID of the logger definition.

       --name (string) The name of the definition.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a logger definition

       The  following update-logger-definition example changes the name of the
       specified logger definition. You can only update the name property of a
       logger definition.

          aws greengrass update-logger-definition \
              --logger-definition-id "a454b62a-5d56-4ca9-bdc4-8254e1662cb0" \
              --name "LoggingConfigsForSensors"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Monitoring with AWS IoT Greengrass Logs in
       the AWS IoT Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-LOGGER-DEFINITION()
