UPDATE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()                      UPDATE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()



NAME
       update-resource-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a resource definition.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-resource-definition
          [--name <value>]
          --resource-definition-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string) The name of the definition.

       --resource-definition-id (string) The ID of the resource definition.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the name for a resource definition

       The  following  update-resource-definition example updates the name for
       the specified resource definition. If you want to  change  the  details
       for the resource, use the create-resource-definition-version command to
       create a new version.

          aws greengrass update-resource-definition \
              --resource-definition-id "c8bb9ebc-c3fd-40a4-9c6a-568d75569d38" \
              --name GreengrassConnectorResoruces

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Access Local Resources with Lambda  Functions
       and Connectors in the AWS IoT Greengrass Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  UPDATE-RESOURCE-DEFINITION()
