DELETE-MODEL()                                                  DELETE-MODEL()



NAME
       delete-model -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a model.

       You can delete models and model versions in Amazon Fraud Detector, pro-
       vided that they are not associated with a detector version.

       When you delete a model, Amazon Fraud Detector permanently deletes that
       model and the data is no longer stored in Amazon Fraud Detector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-model
          --model-id <value>
          --model-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --model-id (string)
          The model ID of the model to delete.

       --model-type (string)
          The model type of the model to delete.

          Possible values:

          o ONLINE_FRAUD_INSIGHTS

          o TRANSACTION_FRAUD_INSIGHTS

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-MODEL()
