DELETE-MODEL-VERSION()                                  DELETE-MODEL-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-model-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a model version.

       You can delete models and model versions in Amazon Fraud Detector, pro-
       vided that they are not associated with a detector version.

       When you delete a model  version,  Amazon  Fraud  Detector  permanently
       deletes  that  model version and the data is no longer stored in Amazon
       Fraud Detector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-model-version
          --model-id <value>
          --model-type <value>
          --model-version-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --model-id (string)
          The model ID of the model version to delete.

       --model-type (string)
          The model type of the model version to delete.

          Possible values:

          o ONLINE_FRAUD_INSIGHTS

          o TRANSACTION_FRAUD_INSIGHTS

       --model-version-number (string)
          The model version number of the model version to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-MODEL-VERSION()
