DELETE-DETECTOR-VERSION()                            DELETE-DETECTOR-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-detector-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the detector version. You cannot delete detector versions that
       are in ACTIVE status.

       When you delete a detector version, Amazon Fraud  Detector  permanently
       deletes  the  detector and the data is no longer stored in Amazon Fraud
       Detector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-detector-version
          --detector-id <value>
          --detector-version-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The ID of the parent detector for the detector version to delete.

       --detector-version-id (string)
          The ID of the detector version to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-DETECTOR-VERSION()
