POST-TO-CONNECTION()                                      POST-TO-CONNECTION()



NAME
       post-to-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends the provided data to the specified connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            post-to-connection
          --data <value>
          --connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --data (blob)
          The data to be sent to the client specified by its connection id.

       --connection-id (string)
          The identifier of the connection that a specific client is using.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To send data to a WebSocket connection

       The  following  post-to-connection  example sends a message to a client
       that's connected to the specified WebSocket API.

          aws apigatewaymanagementapi post-to-connection \
              --connection-id L0SM9cOFvHcCIhw= \
              --data "Hello from API Gateway!" \
              --endpoint-url https://aabbccddee.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/prod

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Use @connections  commands  in  your  backend
       service in the Amazon API Gateway Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          POST-TO-CONNECTION()
