DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()                                      DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()



NAME
       describe-endpoints -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the regional endpoint information.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoints
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view regional endpoint information

       The  following  describe-endpoints  example  displays details about the
       endpoints for the current AWS Region.

          aws dynamodb describe-endpoints

       Output:

          {
              "Endpoints": [
                  {
                      "Address": "dynamodb.us-west-2.amazonaws.com",
                      "CachePeriodInMinutes": 1440
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Amazon DynamoDB Endpoints and Quotas  in  the
       AWS General Reference.

OUTPUT
       Endpoints -> (list)
          List of endpoints.

          (structure)
              An endpoint information details.

              Address -> (string)
                 IP address of the endpoint.

              CachePeriodInMinutes -> (long)
                 Endpoint cache time to live (TTL) value.



                                                          DESCRIBE-ENDPOINTS()
