TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associate  a set of tags with an Amazon DynamoDB resource. You can then
       activate these user-defined tags so that they appear on the Billing and
       Cost  Management  console  for  cost  allocation tracking. You can call
       TagResource up to five times per second, per account.

       For an overview on tagging DynamoDB resources, see Tagging for DynamoDB
       in the Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          Identifies  the  Amazon  DynamoDB  resource  to which tags should be
          added. This value is an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       --tags (list)
          The tags to be assigned to the Amazon DynamoDB resource.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag. A tag is a key-value pair. You can add up to 50
              tags to a single DynamoDB table.

              Amazon  Web Services-assigned tag names and values are automati-
              cally assigned the aws: prefix, which the  user  cannot  assign.
              Amazon  Web Services-assigned tag names do not count towards the
              tag limit of 50. User-assigned tag names have the  prefix  user:
              in  the Cost Allocation Report. You cannot backdate the applica-
              tion of a tag.

              For an overview on tagging DynamoDB resources, see  Tagging  for
              DynamoDB in the Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key  of  the  tag. Tag keys are case sensitive. Each Dy-
                 namoDB table can only have up to one tag with the  same  key.
                 If  you  try  to add an existing tag (same key), the existing
                 tag value will be updated to the new value.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive  and  can
                 be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to a DynamoDB resource

       The following tag-resource example adds a tag key/value pair to the Mu-
       sicCollection table.

          aws dynamodb tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:dynamodb:us-west-2:123456789012:table/MusicCollection \
              --tags Key=Owner,Value=blueTeam

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Tagging for DynamoDB in the Amazon DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
