UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  association of tags from an Amazon DynamoDB resource. You
       can call UntagResource up to five times per second, per account.

       For an overview on tagging DynamoDB resources, see Tagging for DynamoDB
       in the Amazon DynamoDB Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The DynamoDB resource that the tags will be removed from. This value
          is an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag keys. Existing tags of the  resource  whose  keys  are
          members of this list will be removed from the DynamoDB resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag from a DynamoDB resource

       The following untag-resource example removes the tag with the key Owner
       from the MusicCollection table.

          aws dynamodb untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:dynamodb:us-west-2:123456789012:table/MusicCollection \
              --tag-keys Owner

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging for DynamoDB in the  Amazon  DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
