CREATE-BRANCH()                                                CREATE-BRANCH()



NAME
       create-branch -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a branch in a repository and points the branch to a commit.

       NOTE:
          Calling  the create branch operation does not set a repository's de-
          fault branch. To do this, call the update default branch operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-branch
          --repository-name <value>
          --branch-name <value>
          --commit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository in which  you  want  to  create  the  new
          branch.

       --branch-name (string)
          The name of the new branch to create.

       --commit-id (string)
          The ID of the commit to point the new branch to.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a branch

       This example creates a branch in an  AWS  CodeCommit  repository.  This
       command produces output only if there are errors.

       Command:

          aws codecommit create-branch --repository-name MyDemoRepo --branch-name MyNewBranch --commit-id 317f8570EXAMPLE

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               CREATE-BRANCH()
