DELETE-REPOSITORY()                                        DELETE-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       delete-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a repository. If a specified repository was already deleted, a
       null repository ID is returned.

       WARNING:
          Deleting a repository also deletes all associated objects and  meta-
          data.  After  a  repository is deleted, all future push calls to the
          deleted repository fail.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-repository
          --repository-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a repository

       This example shows how to delete an AWS CodeCommit repository.

       Command:

          aws codecommit delete-repository --repository-name MyDemoRepo

       Output:

          {
            "repositoryId": "f7579e13-b83e-4027-aaef-650c0EXAMPLE"
          }

OUTPUT
       repositoryId -> (string)
          The ID of the repository that was deleted.



                                                           DELETE-REPOSITORY()
