EVALUATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-RULES()  EVALUATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-RULES()



NAME
       evaluate-pull-request-approval-rules -

DESCRIPTION
       Evaluates  whether  a pull request has met all the conditions specified
       in its associated approval rules.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            evaluate-pull-request-approval-rules
          --pull-request-id <value>
          --revision-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pull-request-id (string)
          The system-generated ID of the pull request you want to evaluate.

       --revision-id (string)
          The system-generated ID for the pull request revision.  To  retrieve
          the  most recent revision ID for a pull request, use  GetPullRequest
          .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To evaluate whether a pull request has all of its approval rules satis-
       fied

       The  following  evaluate-pull-request-approval-rules  example evaluates
       the state of approval rules on the specified pull request. In this  ex-
       ample, an approval rule has not been satisfied for the pull request, so
       the output of the command shows an approved value of false.

          aws codecommit evaluate-pull-request-approval-rules \
              --pull-request-id 27  \
              --revision-id 9f29d167EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "evaluation": {
                  "approved": false,
                  "approvalRulesNotSatisfied": [
                      "Require two approved approvers"
                  ],
                  "overridden": false,
                  "approvalRulesSatisfied": []
              }
          }

       For more information, see Merge a Pull Request in  the  AWS  CodeCommit
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       evaluation -> (structure)
          The result of the evaluation, including the names of the rules whose
          conditions have been met (if any), the names of the rules whose con-
          ditions  have  not been met (if any), whether the pull request is in
          the approved state, and whether the pull request approval  rule  has
          been set aside by an override.

          approved -> (boolean)
              Whether the state of the pull request is approved.

          overridden -> (boolean)
              Whether the approval rule requirements for the pull request have
              been overridden and no longer need to be met.

          approvalRulesSatisfied -> (list)
              The names of the approval rules that have had  their  conditions
              met.

              (string)

          approvalRulesNotSatisfied -> (list)
              The  names  of the approval rules that have not had their condi-
              tions met.

              (string)



                                        EVALUATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-RULES()
