GET-PULL-REQUEST-OVERRIDE-STATE()            GET-PULL-REQUEST-OVERRIDE-STATE()



NAME
       get-pull-request-override-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  whether approval rules have been set aside
       (overridden) for a pull request, and if so, the  Amazon  Resource  Name
       (ARN)  of  the  user  or identity that overrode the rules and their re-
       quirements for the pull request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-pull-request-override-state
          --pull-request-id <value>
          --revision-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pull-request-id (string)
          The ID of the pull request for which you  want  to  get  information
          about whether approval rules have been set aside (overridden).

       --revision-id (string)
          The system-generated ID of the revision for the pull request. To re-
          trieve the most recent revision ID, use  GetPullRequest .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get information about the override status of a pull request

       The following get-pull-request-override-state example returns the over-
       ride  state  for  the  specified pull request. In this example, the ap-
       proval rules for the pull request were overridden by a user named  Mary
       Major, so the output returns a value of true.:

          aws codecommit get-pull-request-override-state \
              --pull-request-id 34  \
              --revision-id 9f29d167EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "overridden": true,
              "overrider": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/Mary_Major"
          }

       For  more information, see Override Approval Rules on a Pull Request in
       the AWS CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       overridden -> (boolean)
          A Boolean value that indicates whether a pull request  has  had  its
          rules  set  aside  (TRUE)  or whether all approval rules still apply
          (FALSE).

       overrider -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user or identity that overrode
          the rules and their requirements for the pull request.



                                             GET-PULL-REQUEST-OVERRIDE-STATE()
