GET-BLOB()                                                          GET-BLOB()



NAME
       get-blob -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the base-64 encoded content of an individual blob in a reposi-
       tory.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-blob
          --repository-name <value>
          --blob-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository that contains the blob.

       --blob-id (string)
          The ID of the blob, which is its SHA-1 pointer.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view information about a Git blob object

       The following get-blob example retrieves information about a  Git  blob
       with  the ID of '2eb4af3bEXAMPLE' in an AWS CodeCommit repository named
       'MyDemoRepo'.

          aws codecommit get-blob  --repository-name MyDemoRepo  --blob-id 2eb4af3bEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "content": "QSBCaW5hcnkgTGFyToEXAMPLE="
          }

OUTPUT
       content -> (blob)
          The content of the blob, usually a file.



                                                                    GET-BLOB()
