GET-COMMIT()                                                      GET-COMMIT()



NAME
       get-commit -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about a commit, including commit message and com-
       mitter information.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-commit
          --repository-name <value>
          --commit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to which the commit was made.

       --commit-id (string)
          The commit ID. Commit IDs are the full SHA ID of the commit.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view information about a commit in a repository

       This example shows details about a commit with the system-generated  ID
       of  '7e9fd3091thisisanexamplethisisanexample1'  in  an  AWS  CodeCommit
       repository named 'MyDemoRepo'.

       Command:

          aws codecommit get-commit --repository-name MyDemoRepo --commit-id 7e9fd3091thisisanexamplethisisanexample1

       Output:

          {
            "commit": {
                "additionalData": "",
                "committer": {
                    "date": "1484167798 -0800",
                    "name": "Mary Major",
                    "email": "mary_major@example.com"
                },
                "author": {
                    "date": "1484167798 -0800",
                    "name": "Mary Major",
                    "email": "mary_major@example.com"
                },
                "treeId": "347a3408thisisanexampletreeidexample",
                "parents": [
                    "7aa87a031thisisanexamplethisisanexample1"
                ],
                "message": "Fix incorrect variable name"
            }
          }

OUTPUT
       commit -> (structure)
          A commit data type object that contains information about the speci-
          fied commit.

          commitId -> (string)
              The full SHA ID of the specified commit.

          treeId -> (string)
              Tree information for the specified commit.

          parents -> (list)
              A  list  of parent commits for the specified commit. Each parent
              commit ID is the full commit ID.

              (string)

          message -> (string)
              The commit message associated with the specified commit.

          author -> (structure)
              Information about the author of the specified  commit.  Informa-
              tion  includes the date in timestamp format with GMT offset, the
              name of the author, and the email address  for  the  author,  as
              configured in Git.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the user who made the specified commit.

              email -> (string)
                 The  email address associated with the user who made the com-
                 mit, if any.

              date -> (string)
                 The date when the specified commit was commited, in timestamp
                 format with GMT offset.

          committer -> (structure)
              Information about the person who committed the specified commit,
              also known as the committer. Information includes  the  date  in
              timestamp format with GMT offset, the name of the committer, and
              the email address for the committer, as configured in Git.

              For more information about the difference between an author  and
              a committer in Git, see Viewing the Commit History in Pro Git by
              Scott Chacon and Ben Straub.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the user who made the specified commit.

              email -> (string)
                 The email address associated with the user who made the  com-
                 mit, if any.

              date -> (string)
                 The date when the specified commit was commited, in timestamp
                 format with GMT offset.

          additionalData -> (string)
              Any other data associated with the specified commit.



                                                                  GET-COMMIT()
