GET-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATES()          GET-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATES()



NAME
       get-pull-request-approval-states -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information  about  the  approval states for a specified pull re-
       quest. Approval states only apply to pull requests  that  have  one  or
       more approval rules applied to them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-pull-request-approval-states
          --pull-request-id <value>
          --revision-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pull-request-id (string)
          The system-generated ID for the pull request.

       --revision-id (string)
          The system-generated ID for the pull request revision.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To view approvals on a pull request

       The  following  get-pull-request-approval-states  example  returns  ap-
       provals for the specified pull request.

          aws codecommit get-pull-request-approval-states \
              --pull-request-id 8 \
              --revision-id 9f29d167EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "approvals": [
                  {
                      "userArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/Mary_Major",
                      "approvalState": "APPROVE"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see View Pull Requests in the AWS CodeCommit User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       approvals -> (list)
          Information about users who have approved the pull request.

          (structure)
              Returns information about a specific approval on a pull request.

              userArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user.

              approvalState -> (string)
                 The  state  of the approval, APPROVE or REVOKE. REVOKE states
                 are not stored.



                                            GET-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATES()
