LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information  about  AWS tags for a specified Amazon Resource Name
       (ARN) in AWS CodeCommit. For a list of valid resources in AWS  CodeCom-
       mit, see CodeCommit Resources and Operations in the*AWS CodeCommit User
       Guide* .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource for which you want to
          get information about tags, if any.

       --next-token (string)
          An  enumeration  token that, when provided in a request, returns the
          next batch of the results.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To view the AWS tags for a repository

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists  tag  keys  and  tag
       values for the specified repository.

          aws codecommit list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:codecommit:us-west-2:111111111111:MyDemoRepo

       Output:

          {
              "tags": {
                  "Status": "Secret",
                  "Team": "Saanvi"
              }
          }

       For  more  information, see View Tags for a Repository in the AWS Code-
       Commit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (map)
          A list of tag key and value pairs associated with the specified  re-
          source.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          An enumeration token that allows the operation to batch the next re-
          sults of the operation.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
