LIST-ASSOCIATED-APPROVLIST-ASSOCIATED-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATES-FOR-REPOSITORY()



NAME
       list-associated-approval-rule-templates-for-repository -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all approval rule templates that are associated with a specified
       repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-associated-approval-rule-templates-for-repository
          --repository-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository for which you want to list all associated
          approval rule templates.

       --next-token (string)
          An  enumeration  token that, when provided in a request, returns the
          next batch of the results.

       --max-results (integer)
          A non-zero, non-negative integer used to limit  the  number  of  re-
          turned results.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all templates associated with a repository

       The   following  list-associated-approval-rule-templates-for-repository
       example lists all approval rule templates associated with a  repository
       named MyDemoRepo.

          aws codecommit list-associated-approval-rule-templates-for-repository \
              --repository-name MyDemoRepo

       Output:

          {
            "approvalRuleTemplateNames": [
              "2-approver-rule-for-main",
              "1-approver-rule-for-all-pull-requests"
            ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Manage Approval Rule Templates in the AWS
       CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       approvalRuleTemplateNames -> (list)
          The names of all approval rule templates associated with the reposi-
          tory.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          An enumeration token that allows the operation to batch the next re-
          sults of the operation.



                      LIST-ASSOCIATED-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATES-FOR-REPOSITORY()
