LIST-REPOSITORIES-FOR-APPROVAL-RLIST-REPOSITORIES-FOR-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       list-repositories-for-approval-rule-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all repositories associated with the specified approval rule tem-
       plate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-repositories-for-approval-rule-template
          --approval-rule-template-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --approval-rule-template-name (string)
          The name of the approval rule template for which you  want  to  list
          repositories that are associated with that template.

       --next-token (string)
          An  enumeration  token that, when provided in a request, returns the
          next batch of the results.

       --max-results (integer)
          A non-zero, non-negative integer used to limit  the  number  of  re-
          turned results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list all repositories associated with a template

       The   following   list-repositories-for-approval-rule-template  example
       lists all repositories associated with the specified approval rule tem-
       plate.

          aws codecommit list-repositories-for-approval-rule-template \
              --approval-rule-template-name 2-approver-rule-for-main

       Output:

          {
              "repositoryNames": [
                  "MyDemoRepo",
                  "MyClonedRepo"
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Manage Approval Rule Templates in the AWS
       CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       repositoryNames -> (list)
          A list of repository names that are associated  with  the  specified
          approval rule template.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          An enumeration token that allows the operation to batch the next re-
          sults of the operation.



                                LIST-REPOSITORIES-FOR-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATE()
