LIST-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATES()                  LIST-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATES()



NAME
       list-approval-rule-templates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  approval rule templates in the specified AWS Region in your
       AWS account. If an AWS Region is not specified, the  AWS  Region  where
       you are signed in is used.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-approval-rule-templates
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          An  enumeration  token that, when provided in a request, returns the
          next batch of the results.

       --max-results (integer)
          A non-zero, non-negative integer used to limit  the  number  of  re-
          turned results.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all approval rule templates in an AWS Region

       The  following  list-approval-rule-templates example lists all approval
       rule templates in the specified Region. If no AWS Region  is  specified
       as a parameter, the command returns approval rule templates for the re-
       gion specified in the AWS CLI profile used to run the command.

          aws codecommit list-approval-rule-templates \
              --region us-east-2

       Output:

          {
              "approvalRuleTemplateNames": [
                  "2-approver-rule-for-main",
                  "1-approver-rule-for-all-pull-requests"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Manage Approval Rule  Templates  in  the  AWS
       CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       approvalRuleTemplateNames -> (list)
          The names of all the approval rule templates found in the AWS Region
          for your AWS account.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          An enumeration token that allows the operation to batch the next re-
          sults of the operation.



                                                LIST-APPROVAL-RULE-TEMPLATES()
