MERGE-BRANCHES-BY-FAST-FORWARD()              MERGE-BRANCHES-BY-FAST-FORWARD()



NAME
       merge-branches-by-fast-forward -

DESCRIPTION
       Merges two branches using the fast-forward merge strategy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            merge-branches-by-fast-forward
          --repository-name <value>
          --source-commit-specifier <value>
          --destination-commit-specifier <value>
          [--target-branch <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository where you want to merge two branches.

       --source-commit-specifier (string)
          The  branch,  tag,  HEAD, or other fully qualified reference used to
          identify a commit (for example, a branch name or a full commit ID).

       --destination-commit-specifier (string)
          The branch, tag, HEAD, or other fully qualified  reference  used  to
          identify a commit (for example, a branch name or a full commit ID).

       --target-branch (string)
          The branch where the merge is applied.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To merge two branches using the fast-forward merge strategy

       The  following merge-branches-by-fast-forward example merges the speci-
       fied source branch with the specified destination branch in  a  reposi-
       tory named MyDemoRepo.

          aws codecommit merge-branches-by-fast-forward \
              --source-commit-specifier bugfix-bug1234 \
              --destination-commit-specifier bugfix-bug1233 \
              --repository-name MyDemoRepo

       Output:

          {
              "commitId": "4f178133EXAMPLE",
              "treeId": "389765daEXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more  information, see Compare and Merge Branches in the AWS Code-
       Commit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       commitId -> (string)
          The commit ID of the merge in the destination or target branch.

       treeId -> (string)
          The tree ID of the merge in the destination or target branch.



                                              MERGE-BRANCHES-BY-FAST-FORWARD()
