PUT-COMMENT-REACTION()                                  PUT-COMMENT-REACTION()



NAME
       put-comment-reaction -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  updates  a reaction to a specified comment for the user whose
       identity is used to make the request. You can only add or update a  re-
       action  for  yourself. You cannot add, modify, or delete a reaction for
       another user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-comment-reaction
          --comment-id <value>
          --reaction-value <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --comment-id (string)
          The ID of the comment to which you want to add or update a reaction.

       --reaction-value (string)
          The emoji reaction you want to add or update. To remove a  reaction,
          provide  a value of blank or null. You can also provide the value of
          none. For information about emoji reaction values supported  in  AWS
          CodeCommit, see the AWS CodeCommit User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To reply to a comment on a commit with an emoji

       The  following  put-comment-reaction  example replies to a comment with
       the ID of abcd1234EXAMPLEb5678efgh with  an  emoji  reaction  value  of
       :thumbsup:.

          aws codecommit put-comment-reaction \
              --comment-id abcd1234EXAMPLEb5678efgh \
              --reaction-value :thumbsup:

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Comment on a commit in AWS CodeCommit in the
       AWS CodeCommit User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        PUT-COMMENT-REACTION()
