UPDATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATE()      UPDATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATE()



NAME
       update-pull-request-approval-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  state of a user's approval on a pull request. The user is
       derived from the signed-in account when the request is made.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-pull-request-approval-state
          --pull-request-id <value>
          --revision-id <value>
          --approval-state <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pull-request-id (string)
          The system-generated ID of the pull request.

       --revision-id (string)
          The system-generated ID of the revision.

       --approval-state (string)
          The approval state to associate with the user on the pull request.

          Possible values:

          o APPROVE

          o REVOKE

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To approve or revoke approval for a pull request

       The following  update-pull-request-approval-state  example  approves  a
       pull  request  with  the ID of 27 and a revision ID of 9f29d167EXAMPLE.
       If you wanted to revoke approval instead, then set the --approval-state
       parameter value to REVOKE.

          aws codecommit update-pull-request-approval-state \
              --pull-request-id 27  \
              --revision-id 9f29d167EXAMPLE  \
              --approval-state "APPROVE"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Review a Pull Request in the AWS CodeCommit
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          UPDATE-PULL-REQUEST-APPROVAL-STATE()
