UPDATE-REPOSITORY-NAME()                              UPDATE-REPOSITORY-NAME()



NAME
       update-repository-name -

DESCRIPTION
       Renames  a  repository.  The  repository name must be unique across the
       calling AWS account. Repository names are limited to 100  alphanumeric,
       dash, and underscore characters, and cannot include certain characters.
       The suffix .git is prohibited. For more information about the limits on
       repository names, see Limits in the AWS CodeCommit User Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-repository-name
          --old-name <value>
          --new-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --old-name (string)
          The current name of the repository.

       --new-name (string)
          The new name for the repository.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change the name of a repository

       This  example  changes  the  name of an AWS CodeCommit repository. This
       command produces output only if there are errors. Changing the name  of
       the  AWS  CodeCommit repository will change the SSH and HTTPS URLs that
       users need to connect to the repository. Users will not be able to con-
       nect  to  this  repository until they update their connection settings.
       Also, because the repository's ARN will change, changing the repository
       name  will  invalidate  any IAM user policies that rely on this reposi-
       tory's ARN.

       Command:

          aws codecommit update-repository-name --old-name MyDemoRepo --new-name MyRenamedDemoRepo

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      UPDATE-REPOSITORY-NAME()
