UPDATE-DEFAULT-BRANCH()                                UPDATE-DEFAULT-BRANCH()



NAME
       update-default-branch -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets or changes the default branch name for the specified repository.

       NOTE:
          If  you  use this operation to change the default branch name to the
          current default branch name, a  success  message  is  returned  even
          though the default branch did not change.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-default-branch
          --repository-name <value>
          --default-branch-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to set or change the default branch for.

       --default-branch-name (string)
          The name of the branch to set as the default.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change the default branch for a repository

       This  example  changes the default branch for an AWS CodeCommit reposi-
       tory. This command produces output only if there are errors.

       Command:

          aws codecommit update-default-branch --repository-name MyDemoRepo --default-branch-name MyNewBranch

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       UPDATE-DEFAULT-BRANCH()
