UPDATE-REPOSITORY-DESCRIPTION()                UPDATE-REPOSITORY-DESCRIPTION()



NAME
       update-repository-description -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets or changes the comment or description for a repository.

       NOTE:
          The  description  field for a repository accepts all HTML characters
          and all valid Unicode characters. Applications that do not  HTML-en-
          code the description and display it in a webpage can expose users to
          potentially malicious code. Make sure that you HTML-encode  the  de-
          scription field in any application that uses this API to display the
          repository description on a webpage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-repository-description
          --repository-name <value>
          [--repository-description <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository to set or change the comment or  descrip-
          tion for.

       --repository-description (string)
          The new comment or description for the specified repository. Reposi-
          tory descriptions are limited to 1,000 characters.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change the description for a repository

       This  example changes the description for an AWS CodeCommit repository.
       This command produces output only if there are errors.

       Command:

          aws codecommit update-repository-description --repository-name MyDemoRepo --repository-description "This description was changed"

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UPDATE-REPOSITORY-DESCRIPTION()
