CANCEL-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW-EXECUTION()    CANCEL-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW-EXECUTION()



NAME
       cancel-maintenance-window-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  a  maintenance  window execution that is already in progress and
       cancels any tasks in the window that haven't already starting  running.
       Tasks already in progress will continue to completion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-maintenance-window-execution
          --window-execution-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --window-execution-id (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window execution to stop.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a maintenance window execution

       This  cancel-maintenance-window-execution  example  stops the specified
       maintenance window execution that is already in progress.

          aws ssm cancel-maintenance-window-execution \
              --window-execution-id j2l8d5b5c-mw66-tk4d-r3g9-1d4d1EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "WindowExecutionId": "j2l8d5b5c-mw66-tk4d-r3g9-1d4d1EXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Systems Manager Maintenance Windows Tutorials
       (AWS CLI) in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       WindowExecutionId -> (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window execution that has been stopped.



                                         CANCEL-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW-EXECUTION()
