CANCEL-COMMAND()                                              CANCEL-COMMAND()



NAME
       cancel-command -

DESCRIPTION
       Attempts to cancel the command specified by the Command ID. There is no
       guarantee that the  command  will  be  terminated  and  the  underlying
       process stopped.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-command
          --command-id <value>
          [--instance-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --command-id (string)
          The ID of the command you want to cancel.

       --instance-ids (list)
          (Optional)  A  list  of managed node IDs on which you want to cancel
          the command. If not provided, the command is canceled on every  node
          on which it was requested.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To cancel a command for all instances

       The  following  cancel-command example attempts to cancel the specified
       command that is already running for all instances.

          aws ssm cancel-command \
              --command-id "662add3d-5831-4a10-b64a-f2ff3EXAMPLE"

       This command produces no output.

       Example 2: To cancel a command for specific instances

       The following cancel-command example attempts to cancel a  command  for
       the specified instance only.

          aws ssm cancel-command \
              --command-id "662add3d-5831-4a10-b64a-f2ff3EXAMPLE"
              --instance-ids "i-02573cafcfEXAMPLE"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging Systems Manager Parameters in the AWS
       Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              CANCEL-COMMAND()
