CREATE-ACTIVATION()                                        CREATE-ACTIVATION()



NAME
       create-activation -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  an activation code and activation ID you can use to register
       your on-premises servers, edge devices, or virtual  machine  (VM)  with
       Amazon  Web  Services  Systems Manager. Registering these machines with
       Systems Manager makes it possible to manage them using Systems  Manager
       capabilities.  You  use  the activation code and ID when installing SSM
       Agent on machines in your  hybrid  environment.  For  more  information
       about requirements for managing on-premises machines using Systems Man-
       ager, see Setting up Amazon Web Services Systems Manager for hybrid en-
       vironments in the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager User Guide .

       NOTE:
          Amazon  Elastic  Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, edge devices,
          and on-premises servers and VMs that are configured for Systems Man-
          ager are all called managed nodes .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-activation
          [--description <value>]
          [--default-instance-name <value>]
          --iam-role <value>
          [--registration-limit <value>]
          [--expiration-date <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--registration-metadata <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --description (string)
          A user-defined description of the resource that you want to register
          with Systems Manager.

          WARNING:
              Don't enter personally identifiable information in this field.

       --default-instance-name (string)
          The name of the registered, managed node as it will  appear  in  the
          Amazon Web Services Systems Manager console or when you use the Ama-
          zon Web Services command line tools  to  list  Systems  Manager  re-
          sources.

          WARNING:
              Don't enter personally identifiable information in this field.

       --iam-role (string)
          The  name  of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that you
          want to assign to the managed node. This IAM role must  provide  As-
          sumeRole  permissions  for  the  Amazon Web Services Systems Manager
          service principal ssm.amazonaws.com  .  For  more  information,  see
          Create  an  IAM  service role for a hybrid environment in the Amazon
          Web Services Systems Manager User Guide .

       --registration-limit (integer)
          Specify the maximum number of managed nodes you  want  to  register.
          The default value is 1 .

       --expiration-date (timestamp)
          The  date  by  which this activation request should expire, in time-
          stamp format, such as "2021-07-07T00:00:00". You can specify a  date
          up  to  30 days in advance. If you don't provide an expiration date,
          the activation code expires in 24 hours.

       --tags (list)
          Optional metadata that you assign to a resource. Tags enable you  to
          categorize  a resource in different ways, such as by purpose, owner,
          or environment. For example, you might want to tag an activation  to
          identify which servers or virtual machines (VMs) in your on-premises
          environment you intend to activate. In this case, you could  specify
          the following key-value pairs:

          o Key=OS,Value=Windows

          o Key=Environment,Value=Production

          WARNING:
              When  you install SSM Agent on your on-premises servers and VMs,
              you specify an activation ID and code. When you specify the  ac-
              tivation  ID and code, tags assigned to the activation are auto-
              matically applied to the on-premises servers or VMs.

          You can't add tags to or delete tags from  an  existing  activation.
          You  can  tag  your on-premises servers, edge devices, and VMs after
          they connect to Systems Manager for the first time and are  assigned
          a managed node ID. This means they are listed in the Amazon Web Ser-
          vices Systems Manager console with  an  ID  that  is  prefixed  with
          "mi-".  For information about how to add tags to your managed nodes,
          see  AddTagsToResource . For information about how  to  remove  tags
          from your managed nodes, see  RemoveTagsFromResource .

          (structure)
              Metadata  that you assign to your Amazon Web Services resources.
              Tags enable you to categorize your resources in different  ways,
              for  example,  by  purpose, owner, or environment. In Amazon Web
              Services Systems Manager, you can apply tags to Systems  Manager
              documents  (SSM  documents), managed nodes, maintenance windows,
              parameters, patch baselines, OpsItems, and OpsMetadata.

              Key -> (string)
                 The name of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --registration-metadata (list)
          Reserved for internal use.

          (structure)
              Reserved for internal use.

              Key -> (string)
                 Reserved for internal use.

              Value -> (string)
                 Reserved for internal use.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a managed instance activation

       The following create-activation example creates a managed instance  ac-
       tivation.

          aws ssm create-activation \
              --default-instance-name "HybridWebServers" \
              --iam-role "HybridWebServersRole" \
              --registration-limit 5

       Output:

          {
              "ActivationId": "5743558d-563b-4457-8682-d16c3EXAMPLE",
              "ActivationCode": "dRmgnYaFv567vEXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more information, see Step 4: Create a Managed-Instance Activation
       for a Hybrid Environment in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ActivationId -> (string)
          The ID number generated by the system when it processed the  activa-
          tion. The activation ID functions like a user name.

       ActivationCode -> (string)
          The  code the system generates when it processes the activation. The
          activation code functions like a password to validate the activation
          ID.



                                                           CREATE-ACTIVATION()
