DELETE-ASSOCIATION()                                      DELETE-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       delete-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the  specified Amazon Web Services Systems Manager docu-
       ment (SSM document) from the specified managed node. If you created the
       association  by  using  the Targets parameter, then you must delete the
       association by using the association ID.

       When you disassociate a document from a managed node, it doesn't change
       the  configuration  of the node. To change the configuration state of a
       managed node after you disassociate a document, you must create  a  new
       document with the desired configuration and associate it with the node.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-association
          [--name <value>]
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--association-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the SSM document.

       --instance-id (string)
          The managed node ID.

          NOTE:
              InstanceId has been deprecated. To specify a managed node ID for
              an association, use the Targets parameter. Requests that include
              the  parameter  InstanceID  with  Systems Manager documents (SSM
              documents) that use schema version 2.0 or later  will  fail.  In
              addition,  if  you  use the parameter InstanceId , you can't use
              the parameters AssociationName , DocumentVersion ,  MaxErrors  ,
              MaxConcurrency , OutputLocation , or ScheduleExpression . To use
              these parameters, you must use the Targets parameter.

       --association-id (string)
          The association ID that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To delete an association using the association ID

       The following delete-association example deletes  the  association  for
       the  specified  association  ID. There is no output if the command suc-
       ceeds.

          aws ssm delete-association \
              --association-id "8dfe3659-4309-493a-8755-0123456789ab"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Editing and creating a new version of an  as-
       sociation in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

       Example 2: To delete an association

       The  following  delete-association  example deletes the association be-
       tween an instance and a document. There is no  output  if  the  command
       succeeds.

          aws ssm delete-association \
              --instance-id "i-1234567890abcdef0" \
              --name "AWS-UpdateSSMAgent"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Working with associations in Systems Manager
       in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-ASSOCIATION()
