DELETE-ACTIVATION()                                        DELETE-ACTIVATION()



NAME
       delete-activation -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an activation. You aren't required to delete an activation. If
       you delete an activation, you can no longer use it  to  register  addi-
       tional  managed  nodes. Deleting an activation doesn't de-register man-
       aged nodes. You must manually de-register managed nodes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-activation
          --activation-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --activation-id (string)
          The ID of the activation that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a managed instance activation

       The  following delete-activation example deletes a managed instance ac-
       tivation.

          aws ssm delete-activation \
              --activation-id "aa673477-d926-42c1-8757-1358cEXAMPLE"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Setting Up AWS Systems Manager for Hybrid En-
       vironments in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-ACTIVATION()
