DELETE-DOCUMENT()                                            DELETE-DOCUMENT()



NAME
       delete-document -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager document (SSM document)
       and all managed node associations to the document.

       Before you delete the document, we recommend that you use   DeleteAsso-
       ciation  to disassociate all managed nodes that are associated with the
       document.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-document
          --name <value>
          [--document-version <value>]
          [--version-name <value>]
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the document.

       --document-version (string)
          The version of the document that you want to  delete.  If  not  pro-
          vided, all versions of the document are deleted.

       --version-name (string)
          The  version  name  of  the document that you want to delete. If not
          provided, all versions of the document are deleted.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Some SSM document types require that you specify a Force flag before
          you  can  delete the document. For example, you must specify a Force
          flag to delete a document of type  ApplicationConfigurationSchema  .
          You  can restrict access to the Force flag in an Identity and Access
          Management (IAM) policy.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a document

       The following delete-document example deletes a Systems  Manager  docu-
       ment.

          aws ssm delete-document \
              --name "Example"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Creating Systems Manager Documents in the AWS
       Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-DOCUMENT()
