DEREGISTER-TASK-FROM-MAINTENANCE-WINDDEREGISTER-TASK-FROM-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()



NAME
       deregister-task-from-maintenance-window -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a task from a maintenance window.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-task-from-maintenance-window
          --window-id <value>
          --window-task-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --window-id (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window the task should be removed from.

       --window-task-id (string)
          The ID of the task to remove from the maintenance window.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a task from a maintenance window

       The  following  deregister-task-from-maintenance-window example removes
       the specified task from the specified maintenance window.

          aws ssm deregister-task-from-maintenance-window \
              --window-id "mw-ab12cd34ef56gh78" \
              --window-task-id "1a2b3c4d-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b3c4d5e6c"

       Output:

          {
              "WindowTaskId":"1a2b3c4d-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b3c4d5e6c",
              "WindowId":"mw-ab12cd34ef56gh78"
          }

       For more information, see Systems Manager Maintenance Windows Tutorials
       (AWS CLI) in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       WindowId -> (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window the task was removed from.

       WindowTaskId -> (string)
          The ID of the task removed from the maintenance window.



                                     DEREGISTER-TASK-FROM-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()
