DEREGISTER-TARGET-FROM-MAINTENANCE-DEREGISTER-TARGET-FROM-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()



NAME
       deregister-target-from-maintenance-window -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a target from a maintenance window.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-target-from-maintenance-window
          --window-id <value>
          --window-target-id <value>
          [--safe | --no-safe]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --window-id (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window the target should be removed from.

       --window-target-id (string)
          The ID of the target definition to remove.

       --safe | --no-safe (boolean)
          The  system  checks  if the target is being referenced by a task. If
          the target is being referenced, the  system  returns  an  error  and
          doesn't deregister the target from the maintenance window.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a target from a maintenance window

       The following deregister-target-from-maintenance-window example removes
       the specified target from the specified maintenance window.

          aws ssm deregister-target-from-maintenance-window \
              --window-id "mw-ab12cd34ef56gh78" \
              --window-target-id "1a2b3c4d-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b3c4d-1a2"

       Output:

          {
              "WindowId":"mw-ab12cd34ef56gh78",
              "WindowTargetId":"1a2b3c4d-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b-1a2b3c4d-1a2"
          }

       For  more information, see Update a Maintenance Window (AWS CLI) in the
       AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       WindowId -> (string)
          The ID of the maintenance window the target was removed from.

       WindowTargetId -> (string)
          The ID of the removed target definition.



                                   DEREGISTER-TARGET-FROM-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()
