DEREGISTER-PATCH-BASELINE-FOR-PATCHDEREGISTER-PATCH-BASELINE-FOR-PATCH-GROUP()



NAME
       deregister-patch-baseline-for-patch-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a patch group from a patch baseline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-patch-baseline-for-patch-group
          --baseline-id <value>
          --patch-group <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --baseline-id (string)
          The ID of the patch baseline to deregister the patch group from.

       --patch-group (string)
          The  name  of  the  patch group that should be deregistered from the
          patch baseline.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister a patch group from a patch baseline

       The  following deregister-patch-baseline-for-patch-group example dereg-
       isters the specified patch group from the specified patch baseline.

          aws ssm deregister-patch-baseline-for-patch-group \
              --patch-group "Production" \
              --baseline-id "pb-0ca44a362fEXAMPLE"

       Output:

          {
            "PatchGroup":"Production",
            "BaselineId":"pb-0ca44a362fEXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Add a Patch Group to a Patch Baseline in  the
       AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       BaselineId -> (string)
          The ID of the patch baseline the patch group was deregistered from.

       PatchGroup -> (string)
          The name of the patch group deregistered from the patch baseline.



                                   DEREGISTER-PATCH-BASELINE-FOR-PATCH-GROUP()
