DISASSOCIATE-OPS-ITEM-RELATED-ITEM()      DISASSOCIATE-OPS-ITEM-RELATED-ITEM()



NAME
       disassociate-ops-item-related-item -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the association between an OpsItem and a related item. For ex-
       ample, this API operation can delete an Incident Manager incident  from
       an  OpsItem.  Incident  Manager  is a capability of Amazon Web Services
       Systems Manager.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-ops-item-related-item
          --ops-item-id <value>
          --association-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ops-item-id (string)
          The ID of the OpsItem for which you want to  delete  an  association
          between the OpsItem and a related item.

       --association-id (string)
          The  ID  of the association for which you want to delete an associa-
          tion between the OpsItem and a related item.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a related item association

       The following disassociate-ops-item-related-item  example  deletes  the
       association between the OpsItem and a related item.

          aws ssm disassociate-ops-item-related-item \
              --ops-item-id "oi-f99f2EXAMPLE" \
              --association-id "e2036148-cccb-490e-ac2a-390e5EXAMPLE"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Working with Incident Manager incidents in
       OpsCenter in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DISASSOCIATE-OPS-ITEM-RELATED-ITEM()
