GET-CALENDAR-STATE()                                      GET-CALENDAR-STATE()



NAME
       get-calendar-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the state of a Amazon Web Services Systems Manager change calendar
       at the current time or a specified time. If you specify a time, GetCal-
       endarState returns the state of the calendar at that specific time, and
       returns the next time that the change calendar state  will  transition.
       If  you  don't  specify a time, GetCalendarState uses the current time.
       Change Calendar entries have two possible states: OPEN or CLOSED .

       If you specify more than one calendar in a request, the command returns
       the  status  of  OPEN only if all calendars in the request are open. If
       one or more calendars in the request are closed, the status returned is
       CLOSED .

       For  more information about Change Calendar, a capability of Amazon Web
       Services Systems Manager,  see  Amazon  Web  Services  Systems  Manager
       Change Calendar in the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-calendar-state
          --calendar-names <value>
          [--at-time <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --calendar-names (list)
          The  names  or  Amazon  Resource Names (ARNs) of the Systems Manager
          documents (SSM documents) that represent the  calendar  entries  for
          which you want to get the state.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --at-time (string)
          (Optional)  The  specific  time  for  which you want to get calendar
          state information, in ISO 8601 format. If you don't specify a  value
          or AtTime , the current time is used.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To get the current state of a change calendar

       This  get-calendar-state example returns the state of a calendar at the
       current time. Because the example doesn't specify a time,  the  current
       state of the calendar is reported.

          aws ssm get-calendar-state \
              --calendar-names "MyCalendar"

       Output:

          {
              "State": "OPEN",
              "AtTime": "2020-02-19T22:28:51Z",
              "NextTransitionTime": "2020-02-24T21:15:19Z"
          }

       Example 2: To get the state of a change calendar at a specified time

       This  get-calendar-state example returns the state of a calendar at the
       specified time.

          aws ssm get-calendar-state \
              --calendar-names "MyCalendar" \
              --at-time "2020-07-19T21:15:19Z"

       Output:

          {
              "State": "CLOSED",
              "AtTime": "2020-07-19T21:15:19Z"
          }

       For more information, see Get the State of the Change Calendar  in  the
       AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       State -> (string)
          The  state  of the calendar. An OPEN calendar indicates that actions
          are allowed to proceed, and a CLOSED calendar indicates that actions
          aren't allowed to proceed.

       AtTime -> (string)
          The time, as an ISO 8601 string, that you specified in your command.
          If you don't specify a time, GetCalendarState uses the current time.

       NextTransitionTime -> (string)
          The time, as an ISO  8601  string,  that  the  calendar  state  will
          change.  If  the current calendar state is OPEN , NextTransitionTime
          indicates  when  the  calendar  state  changes  to  CLOSED   ,   and
          vice-versa.



                                                          GET-CALENDAR-STATE()
