GET-CONNECTION-STATUS()                                GET-CONNECTION-STATUS()



NAME
       get-connection-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  Session Manager connection status for a managed node to
       determine whether it is running and ready to  receive  Session  Manager
       connections.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-connection-status
          --target <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target (string)
          The managed node ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To display the connection status of a managed instance

       This get-connection-status example returns the connection status of the
       specified managed instance.

          aws ssm get-connection-status \
              --target i-1234567890abcdef0

       Output:

          {
              "Target": "i-1234567890abcdef0",
              "Status": "connected"
          }

OUTPUT
       Target -> (string)
          The ID of the managed node to check connection status.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the connection to the managed node. For example, 'Con-
          nected' or 'Not Connected'.



                                                       GET-CONNECTION-STATUS()
