MODIFY-DOCUMENT-PERMISSION()                      MODIFY-DOCUMENT-PERMISSION()



NAME
       modify-document-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Shares  a  Amazon  Web  Services  Systems  Manager  document (SSM docu-
       ment)publicly or privately. If you share a document privately, you must
       specify  the  Amazon Web Services user account IDs for those people who
       can use the document. If you share a document publicly, you must  spec-
       ify All as the account ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-document-permission
          --name <value>
          --permission-type <value>
          [--account-ids-to-add <value>]
          [--account-ids-to-remove <value>]
          [--shared-document-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the document that you want to share.

       --permission-type (string)
          The  permission  type  for  the document. The permission type can be
          Share .

          Possible values:

          o Share

       --account-ids-to-add (list)
          The Amazon Web Services user accounts that should have access to the
          document.  The  account  IDs can either be a group of account IDs or
          All .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --account-ids-to-remove (list)
          The Amazon Web Services user accounts that should no longer have ac-
          cess  to  the document. The Amazon Web Services user account can ei-
          ther be a group of account IDs or All . This  action  has  a  higher
          priority  than AccountIdsToAdd . If you specify an account ID to add
          and the same ID to remove, the system removes access  to  the  docu-
          ment.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --shared-document-version (string)
          (Optional)  The version of the document to share. If it isn't speci-
          fied, the system choose the Default version to share.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify document permissions

       The  following modify-document-permission example shares a Systems Man-
       ager document publicly.

          aws ssm modify-document-permission \
              --name "Example" \
              --permission-type "Share" \
              --account-ids-to-add "All"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Share a Systems Manager Document in  the  AWS
       Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  MODIFY-DOCUMENT-PERMISSION()
