REGISTER-DEFAULT-PATCH-BASELINE()            REGISTER-DEFAULT-PATCH-BASELINE()



NAME
       register-default-patch-baseline -

DESCRIPTION
       Defines the default patch baseline for the relevant operating system.

       To  reset  the Amazon Web Services-predefined patch baseline as the de-
       fault, specify the full patch baseline Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN)  as
       the   baseline   ID   value.   For   example,   for   CentOS,   specify
       arn:aws:ssm:us-east-2:733109147000:patchbaseline/pb-0574b43a65ea646ed
       instead of pb-0574b43a65ea646ed .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-default-patch-baseline
          --baseline-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --baseline-id (string)
          The  ID of the patch baseline that should be the default patch base-
          line.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the default patch baseline

       The  following  register-default-patch-baseline  example  registers the
       specified custom patch baseline as the default patch baseline  for  the
       operating system type that it supports.

          aws ssm register-default-patch-baseline \
              --baseline-id "pb-abc123cf9bEXAMPLE"

       Output:

          {
              "BaselineId":"pb-abc123cf9bEXAMPLE"
          }

       The following register-default-patch-baseline example registers the de-
       fault patch baseline provided by AWS for CentOS as  the  default  patch
       baseline.

          aws ssm register-default-patch-baseline \
              --baseline-id "arn:aws:ssm:us-east-2:733109147000:patchbaseline/pb-0574b43a65ea646ed"

       Output:

          {
              "BaselineId":"pb-abc123cf9bEXAMPLE"
          }

       For  more  information, see About Predefined and Custom Patch Baselines
       in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       BaselineId -> (string)
          The ID of the default patch baseline.



                                             REGISTER-DEFAULT-PATCH-BASELINE()
