START-SESSION()                                                START-SESSION()



NAME
       start-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates  a connection to a target (for example, a managed node) for a
       Session Manager session. Returns a URL and token that can  be  used  to
       open a WebSocket connection for sending input and receiving outputs.

       NOTE:
          Amazon  Web Services CLI usage: start-session is an interactive com-
          mand that requires the Session Manager plugin to be installed on the
          client  machine  making  the  call. For information, see Install the
          Session Manager plugin for the Amazon Web Services CLI in the Amazon
          Web Services Systems Manager User Guide .

          Amazon  Web  Services  Tools  for PowerShell usage: Start-SSMSession
          isn't currently supported by Amazon Web Services  Tools  for  Power-
          Shell on Windows local machines.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-session
          --target <value>
          [--document-name <value>]
          [--reason <value>]
          [--parameters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target (string)
          The managed node to connect to for the session.

       --document-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  SSM document to define the parameters and plugin
          settings for the session. For example, SSM-SessionManagerRunShell  .
          You  can call the  GetDocument API to verify the document exists be-
          fore attempting to start a session. If no document name is provided,
          a shell to the managed node is launched by default.

       --reason (string)
          The reason for connecting to the instance. This value is included in
          the details for the Amazon CloudWatch Events event created when  you
          start the session.

       --parameters (map)
          Reserved for future use.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (list)
              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,string,KeyName2=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": ["string", ...]
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To start a Session Manager session

       This  start-session  example  establishes a connection with an instance
       for a Session Manager session. Note that this interactive  command  re-
       quires the Session Manager plugin to be installed on the client machine
       making the call.

          aws ssm start-session \
              --target "i-1234567890abcdef0"

       Output:

          Starting session with SessionId: Jane-Roe-07a16060613c408b5

       Example 2: To start a Session Manager session using SSH

       This start-session example establishes a connection  with  an  instance
       for  a  Session  Manager  session using SSH. Note that this interactive
       command requires the Session Manager plugin  to  be  installed  on  the
       client  machine  making the call, and that the command uses the default
       user on the instance, such as ec2-user for EC2 instances for Linux.

          ssh -i /path/my-key-pair.pem ec2-user@i-02573cafcfEXAMPLE

       Output:

          Starting session with SessionId: ec2-user-07a16060613c408b5

       For more information, see Start a Session and Install the Session  Man-
       ager Plugin for the AWS CLI in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               START-SESSION()
