TERMINATE-SESSION()                                        TERMINATE-SESSION()



NAME
       terminate-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Permanently  ends  a session and closes the data connection between the
       Session Manager client and SSM Agent on the managed node. A  terminated
       session can't be resumed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            terminate-session
          --session-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --session-id (string)
          The ID of the session to terminate.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To end a Session Manager session

       This terminate-session example permanently ends a session that was cre-
       ated by the user "Shirley-Rodriguez" and closes the data connection be-
       tween the Session Manager client and SSM Agent on the instance.

          aws ssm terminate-session \
              --session-id "Shirley-Rodriguez-07a16060613c408b5"

       Output:

          {
              "SessionId": "Shirley-Rodriguez-07a16060613c408b5"
          }

       For more information, see Terminate a Session in the AWS  Systems  Man-
       ager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       SessionId -> (string)
          The ID of the session that has been terminated.



                                                           TERMINATE-SESSION()
