UPDATE-MANAGED-INSTANCE-ROLE()                  UPDATE-MANAGED-INSTANCE-ROLE()



NAME
       update-managed-instance-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that is assigned
       to the on-premises server, edge device, or virtual machines  (VM).  IAM
       roles  are  first  assigned to these hybrid nodes during the activation
       process. For more information, see  CreateActivation .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-managed-instance-role
          --instance-id <value>
          --iam-role <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the managed node where you want to update the role.

       --iam-role (string)
          The IAM role you want to assign or change.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the IAM role of a managed instance

       The  following update-managed-instance-role example updates the IAM in-
       stance profile of a managed instance.

          aws ssm update-managed-instance-role \
              --instance-id "mi-08ab247cdfEXAMPLE" \
              --iam-role "ExampleRole"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Step 4: Create an IAM  Instance  Profile  for
       Systems Manager in the AWS Systems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                UPDATE-MANAGED-INSTANCE-ROLE()
