UPDATE-DOCUMENT-DEFAULT-VERSION()            UPDATE-DOCUMENT-DEFAULT-VERSION()



NAME
       update-document-default-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Set the default version of a document.

       NOTE:
          If  you  change  a document version for a State Manager association,
          Systems Manager immediately runs the association unless  you  previ-
          ously specifed the apply-only-at-cron-interval parameter.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-document-default-version
          --name <value>
          --document-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The  name  of  a custom document that you want to set as the default
          version.

       --document-version (string)
          The version of a custom document that you want to set as the default
          version.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the default version of a document

       The following update-document-default-version example updates  the  de-
       fault version of a Systems Manager document.

          aws ssm update-document-default-version \
              --name "Example" \
              --document-version "2"

       Output:

          {
              "Description": {
                  "Name": "Example",
                  "DefaultVersion": "2"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Writing SSM Document Content in the AWS Sys-
       tems Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Description -> (structure)
          The description of a custom document that you want to set as the de-
          fault version.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the document.

          DefaultVersion -> (string)
              The default version of the document.

          DefaultVersionName -> (string)
              The  default  version  of the artifact associated with the docu-
              ment.



                                             UPDATE-DOCUMENT-DEFAULT-VERSION()
