CREATE-HSM()                                                      CREATE-HSM()



NAME
       create-hsm -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is documentation for AWS CloudHSM Classic . For more information,
       see AWS CloudHSM Classic FAQs , the AWS CloudHSM Classic User  Guide  ,
       and the AWS CloudHSM Classic API Reference .
          For  information about the current version of AWS CloudHSM , see AWS
          CloudHSM , the AWS CloudHSM User Guide , and the  AWS  CloudHSM  API
          Reference .

       Creates an uninitialized HSM instance.

       There  is  an upfront fee charged for each HSM instance that you create
       with the CreateHsm operation. If you accidentally provision an HSM  and
       want  to request a refund, delete the instance using the  DeleteHsm op-
       eration, go to the AWS Support Center , create a new case,  and  select
       Account and Billing Support .

       WARNING:
          It can take up to 20 minutes to create and provision an HSM. You can
          monitor the status of the HSM with the  DescribeHsm  operation.  The
          HSM is ready to be initialized when the status changes to RUNNING .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-hsm
          --subnet-id <value>
          --ssh-key <value>
          [--eni-ip <value>]
          --iam-role-arn <value>
          [--external-id <value>]
          --subscription-type <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--syslog-ip <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subnet-id (string)
          The identifier of the subnet in your VPC in which to place the HSM.

       --ssh-key (string)
          The SSH public key to install on the HSM.

       --eni-ip (string)
          The IP address to assign to the HSM's ENI.

          If  an  IP  address is not specified, an IP address will be randomly
          chosen from the CIDR range of the subnet.

       --iam-role-arn (string)
          The ARN of an IAM role to enable the AWS CloudHSM service  to  allo-
          cate an ENI on your behalf.

       --external-id (string)
          The external ID from IamRoleArn , if present.

       --subscription-type (string)
          Specifies the type of subscription for the HSM.

          o PRODUCTION - The HSM is being used in a production environment.

          o TRIAL - The HSM is being used in a product trial.

          Possible values:

          o PRODUCTION

       --client-token (string)
          A user-defined token to ensure idempotence. Subsequent calls to this
          operation with the same token will be ignored.

       --syslog-ip (string)
          The IP address for the syslog monitoring server.  The  AWS  CloudHSM
          service only supports one syslog monitoring server.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HsmArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the HSM.



                                                                  CREATE-HSM()
