GET-CONFIG()                                                      GET-CONFIG()



NAME
       get-config -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is documentation for AWS CloudHSM Classic . For more information,
       see AWS CloudHSM Classic FAQs , the AWS CloudHSM Classic User  Guide  ,
       and the AWS CloudHSM Classic API Reference .
          For  information about the current version of AWS CloudHSM , see AWS
          CloudHSM , the AWS CloudHSM User Guide , and the  AWS  CloudHSM  API
          Reference .

       Gets  the  configuration  files necessary to connect to all high avail-
       ability partition groups the client is associated with.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-config
          --client-arn <value>
          --client-version <value>
          --hapg-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-arn (string)
          The ARN of the client.

       --client-version (string)
          The client version.

          Possible values:

          o 5.1

          o 5.3

       --hapg-list (list)
          A list of ARNs that identify the high-availability partition  groups
          that are associated with the client.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigType -> (string)
          The type of credentials.

       ConfigFile -> (string)
          The chrystoki.conf configuration file.

       ConfigCred -> (string)
          The certificate file containing the server.pem files of the HSMs.



                                                                  GET-CONFIG()
