LIST-HSMS()                                                        LIST-HSMS()



NAME
       list-hsms -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is documentation for AWS CloudHSM Classic . For more information,
       see AWS CloudHSM Classic FAQs , the AWS CloudHSM Classic User  Guide  ,
       and the AWS CloudHSM Classic API Reference .
          For  information about the current version of AWS CloudHSM , see AWS
          CloudHSM , the AWS CloudHSM User Guide , and the  AWS  CloudHSM  API
          Reference .

       Retrieves  the  identifiers of all of the HSMs provisioned for the cur-
       rent customer.

       This operation supports pagination with the use of the  NextToken  mem-
       ber.  If  more  results  are available, the NextToken member of the re-
       sponse contains a token that you pass in the next call to  ListHsms  to
       retrieve the next set of items.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-hsms is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation  by  providing  the --no-paginate argument.  When using --output
       text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query  ar-
       gument  must  extract  data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: HsmList

SYNOPSIS
            list-hsms
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HsmList -> (list)
          The list of ARNs that identify the HSMs.

          (string)
              An ARN that identifies an HSM.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If not null, more results are available. Pass this value to ListHsms
          to retrieve the next set of items.



                                                                   LIST-HSMS()
