LIST-LUNA-CLIENTS()                                        LIST-LUNA-CLIENTS()



NAME
       list-luna-clients -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is documentation for AWS CloudHSM Classic . For more information,
       see AWS CloudHSM Classic FAQs , the AWS CloudHSM Classic User  Guide  ,
       and the AWS CloudHSM Classic API Reference .
          For  information about the current version of AWS CloudHSM , see AWS
          CloudHSM , the AWS CloudHSM User Guide , and the  AWS  CloudHSM  API
          Reference .

       Lists all of the clients.

       This  operation  supports pagination with the use of the NextToken mem-
       ber. If more results are available, the NextToken  member  of  the  re-
       sponse  contains  a  token  that you pass in the next call to ListLuna-
       Clients to retrieve the next set of items.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-luna-clients is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: ClientList

SYNOPSIS
            list-luna-clients
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ClientList -> (list)
          The list of clients.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  not  null,  more  results  are available. Pass this to ListLuna-
          Clients to retrieve the next set of items.



                                                           LIST-LUNA-CLIENTS()
