COMMIT-TRANSACTION()                                      COMMIT-TRANSACTION()



NAME
       commit-transaction -

DESCRIPTION
       Ends  a SQL transaction started with the BeginTransaction operation and
       commits the changes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            commit-transaction
          --resource-arn <value>
          --secret-arn <value>
          --transaction-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Aurora Serverless DB cluster.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to the DB cluster.

       --transaction-id (string)
          The identifier of the transaction to end and commit.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To commit a SQL transaction

       The following commit-transaction example ends the specified SQL  trans-
       action and commits the changes that you made as part of it.

          aws rds-data commit-transaction \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:rds:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:mydbcluster" \
              --secret-arn "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:mysecret" \
              --transaction-id "ABC1234567890xyz"

       Output:

          {
              "transactionStatus": "Transaction Committed"
          }

       For  more  information, see Using the Data API for Aurora Serverless in
       the Amazon RDS User Guide.

OUTPUT
       transactionStatus -> (string)
          The status of the commit operation.



                                                          COMMIT-TRANSACTION()
