ROLLBACK-TRANSACTION()                                  ROLLBACK-TRANSACTION()



NAME
       rollback-transaction -

DESCRIPTION
       Performs  a  rollback of a transaction. Rolling back a transaction can-
       cels its changes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            rollback-transaction
          --resource-arn <value>
          --secret-arn <value>
          --transaction-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Aurora Serverless DB cluster.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to the DB cluster.

       --transaction-id (string)
          The identifier of the transaction to roll back.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To roll back a SQL transaction

       The following rollback-transaction example rolls back the specified SQL
       transaction.

          aws rds-data rollback-transaction \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:rds:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:mydbcluster" \
              --secret-arn "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:mysecret" \
              --transaction-id "ABC1234567890xyz"

       Output:

          {
              "transactionStatus": "Rollback Complete"
          }

       For  more  information, see Using the Data API for Aurora Serverless in
       the Amazon RDS User Guide.

OUTPUT
       transactionStatus -> (string)
          The status of the rollback operation.



                                                        ROLLBACK-TRANSACTION()
