DESCRIBE-TABLE()                                              DESCRIBE-TABLE()



NAME
       describe-table -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  detailed information about a table from metadata in the
       cluster. The information includes its columns. A token is  returned  to
       page  through  the  column list. Depending on the authorization method,
       use one of the following combinations of request parameters:

       o Secrets Manager - when connecting to a cluster,  specify  the  Amazon
         Resource Name (ARN) of the secret, the database name, and the cluster
         identifier that matches the cluster in the secret. When connecting to
         a  serverless endpoint, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
         secret and the database name.

       o Temporary credentials - when connecting to  a  cluster,  specify  the
         cluster  identifier,  the  database name, and the database user name.
         Also, permission to call the redshift:GetClusterCredentials operation
         is  required.  When  connecting to a serverless endpoint, specify the
         database name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-table is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: ColumnList

SYNOPSIS
            describe-table
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--connected-database <value>]
          --database <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--schema <value>]
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          [--table <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The  cluster  identifier. This parameter is required when connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using either Secrets Manager or tem-
          porary credentials.

       --connected-database (string)
          A  database  name. The connected database is specified when you con-
          nect with your authentication credentials.

       --database (string)
          The name of the database that contains the tables to  be  described.
          If  ConnectedDatabase is not specified, this is also the database to
          connect to with your authentication credentials.

       --db-user (string)
          The database user name. This parameter is required  when  connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using temporary credentials.

       --schema (string)
          The  schema that contains the table. If no schema is specified, then
          matching tables for all schemas are returned.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to  the  database.
          This  parameter  is  required when authenticating using Secrets Man-
          ager.

       --table (string)
          The table name. If no table is specified, then all  tables  for  all
          matching  schemas  are returned. If no table and no schema is speci-
          fied, then all tables for all schemas in the database are returned

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ColumnList -> (list)
          A list of columns in the table.

          (structure)
              The properties (metadata) of a column.

              columnDefault -> (string)
                 The default value of the column.

              isCaseSensitive -> (boolean)
                 A value that indicates whether the column is case-sensitive.

              isCurrency -> (boolean)
                 A value that indicates whether the column  contains  currency
                 values.

              isSigned -> (boolean)
                 A value that indicates whether an integer column is signed.

              label -> (string)
                 The label for the column.

              length -> (integer)
                 The length of the column.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the column.

              nullable -> (integer)
                 A value that indicates whether the column is nullable.

              precision -> (integer)
                 The precision value of a decimal number column.

              scale -> (integer)
                 The scale value of a decimal number column.

              schemaName -> (string)
                 The  name of the schema that contains the table that includes
                 the column.

              tableName -> (string)
                 The name of the table that includes the column.

              typeName -> (string)
                 The database-specific data type of the column.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A value that indicates the starting point for the next  set  of  re-
          sponse  records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned  NextToken value in the next NextToken parameter and retry-
          ing the command. If the  NextToken  field  is  empty,  all  response
          records have been retrieved for the request.

       TableName -> (string)
          The table name.



                                                              DESCRIBE-TABLE()
