LIST-STATEMENTS()                                            LIST-STATEMENTS()



NAME
       list-statements -

DESCRIPTION
       List of SQL statements. By default, only finished statements are shown.
       A token is returned to page through the statement list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-statements is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Statements

SYNOPSIS
            list-statements
          [--role-level | --no-role-level]
          [--statement-name <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-level | --no-role-level (boolean)
          A  value that filters which statements to return in the response. If
          true, all statements run by the caller's IAM role are  returned.  If
          false,  only  statements run by the caller's IAM role in the current
          IAM session are returned. The default is true.

       --statement-name (string)
          The name of the SQL statement specified as input  to  BatchExecuteS-
          tatement  or  ExecuteStatement  to  identify the query. You can list
          multiple statements by providing a prefix that matches the beginning
          of  the  statement name. For example, to list myStatement1, myState-
          ment2, myStatement3, and so on, then provide the a value of myState-
          ment  .  Data API does a case-sensitive match of SQL statement names
          to the prefix value you provide.

       --status (string)
          The status of the SQL statement to list. Status values  are  defined
          as follows:

          o ABORTED - The query run was stopped by the user.

          o ALL  - A status value that includes all query statuses. This value
            can be used to filter results.

          o FAILED - The query run failed.

          o FINISHED - The query has finished running.

          o PICKED - The query has been chosen to be run.

          o STARTED - The query run has started.

          o SUBMITTED - The query was submitted, but not yet processed.

          Possible values:

          o SUBMITTED

          o PICKED

          o STARTED

          o FINISHED

          o ABORTED

          o FAILED

          o ALL

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned NextToken value in the next NextToken parameter and  retry-
          ing  the  command.  If  the  NextToken  field is empty, all response
          records have been retrieved for the request.

       Statements -> (list)
          The SQL statements.

          (structure)
              The SQL statement to run.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (UTC) the statement was created.

              Id -> (string)
                 The SQL statement identifier. This  value  is  a  universally
                 unique  identifier  (UUID)  generated by Amazon Redshift Data
                 API.

              IsBatchStatement -> (boolean)
                 A value that indicates whether the statement is a batch query
                 request.

              QueryParameters -> (list)
                 The parameters used in a SQL statement.

                 (structure)
                     A parameter used in a SQL statement.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the parameter.

                     value -> (string)
                        The value of the parameter. Amazon Redshift implicitly
                        converts to the proper data type. For more inforation,
                        see  Data types in the Amazon Redshift Database Devel-
                        oper Guide .

              QueryString -> (string)
                 The SQL statement.

              QueryStrings -> (list)
                 One or more SQL statements. Each query string  in  the  array
                 corresponds to one of the queries in a batch query request.

                 (string)

              SecretArn -> (string)
                 The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the secret that en-
                 ables access to the database.

              StatementName -> (string)
                 The name of the SQL statement.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the SQL statement. An example is the  that  the
                 SQL statement finished.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date and time (UTC) that the statement metadata was last
                 updated.



                                                             LIST-STATEMENTS()
