LIST-DATABASES()                                              LIST-DATABASES()



NAME
       list-databases -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  databases  in a cluster. A token is returned to page through
       the database list. Depending on the authorization method,  use  one  of
       the following combinations of request parameters:

       o Secrets  Manager  -  when connecting to a cluster, specify the Amazon
         Resource Name (ARN) of the secret, the database name, and the cluster
         identifier that matches the cluster in the secret. When connecting to
         a serverless endpoint, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the
         secret and the database name.

       o Temporary  credentials  -  when  connecting to a cluster, specify the
         cluster identifier, the database name, and the  database  user  name.
         Also, permission to call the redshift:GetClusterCredentials operation
         is required. When connecting to a serverless  endpoint,  specify  the
         database name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-databases  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Databases

SYNOPSIS
            list-databases
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          --database <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier. This parameter is required  when  connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using either Secrets Manager or tem-
          porary credentials.

       --database (string)
          The name of the database. This parameter is required when  authenti-
          cating using either Secrets Manager or temporary credentials.

       --db-user (string)
          The  database  user name. This parameter is required when connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using temporary credentials.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to  the  database.
          This  parameter  is  required when authenticating using Secrets Man-
          ager.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Databases -> (list)
          The names of databases.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned NextToken value in the next NextToken parameter and  retry-
          ing  the  command.  If  the  NextToken  field is empty, all response
          records have been retrieved for the request.



                                                              LIST-DATABASES()
