LIST-SCHEMAS()                                                  LIST-SCHEMAS()



NAME
       list-schemas -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  schemas  in a database. A token is returned to page through
       the schema list. Depending on the authorization method, use one of  the
       following combinations of request parameters:

       o Secrets  Manager  -  when connecting to a cluster, specify the Amazon
         Resource Name (ARN) of the secret, the database name, and the cluster
         identifier that matches the cluster in the secret. When connecting to
         a serverless workgroup, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
         secret and the database name.

       o Temporary  credentials  -  when  connecting to a cluster, specify the
         cluster identifier, the database name, and the  database  user  name.
         Also, permission to call the redshift:GetClusterCredentials operation
         is required. When connecting to a serverless workgroup,  specify  the
         workgroup  name  and database name. Also, permission to call the red-
         shift-serverless:GetCredentials operation is required.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-schemas is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Schemas

SYNOPSIS
            list-schemas
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--connected-database <value>]
          --database <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--schema-pattern <value>]
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          [--workgroup-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The  cluster  identifier. This parameter is required when connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using either Secrets Manager or tem-
          porary credentials.

       --connected-database (string)
          A  database  name. The connected database is specified when you con-
          nect with your authentication credentials.

       --database (string)
          The name of the database that contains the schemas to list. If  Con-
          nectedDatabase  is  not specified, this is also the database to con-
          nect to with your authentication credentials.

       --db-user (string)
          The database user name. This parameter is required  when  connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using temporary credentials.

       --schema-pattern (string)
          A pattern to filter results by schema name. Within a schema pattern,
          "%" means match any substring of 0 or more characters and "_"  means
          match  any  one  character.  Only  schema  name entries matching the
          search pattern are returned.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to  the  database.
          This  parameter  is  required when authenticating using Secrets Man-
          ager.

       --workgroup-name (string)
          The serverless workgroup name. This parameter is required when  con-
          necting  to  a  serverless workgroup and authenticating using either
          Secrets Manager or temporary credentials.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          A value that indicates the starting point for the next  set  of  re-
          sponse  records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned  NextToken value in the next NextToken parameter and retry-
          ing the command. If the  NextToken  field  is  empty,  all  response
          records have been retrieved for the request.

       Schemas -> (list)
          The schemas that match the request pattern.

          (string)



                                                                LIST-SCHEMAS()
