LIST-TABLES()                                                    LIST-TABLES()



NAME
       list-tables -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  tables in a database. If neither SchemaPattern nor TablePat-
       tern are specified, then all tables in the database are returned. A to-
       ken is returned to page through the table list. Depending on the autho-
       rization method, use one of the following combinations of  request  pa-
       rameters:

       o Secrets  Manager  -  when connecting to a cluster, specify the Amazon
         Resource Name (ARN) of the secret, the database name, and the cluster
         identifier that matches the cluster in the secret. When connecting to
         a serverless workgroup, specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
         secret and the database name.

       o Temporary  credentials  -  when  connecting to a cluster, specify the
         cluster identifier, the database name, and the  database  user  name.
         Also, permission to call the redshift:GetClusterCredentials operation
         is required. When connecting to a serverless workgroup,  specify  the
         workgroup  name  and database name. Also, permission to call the red-
         shift-serverless:GetCredentials operation is required.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tables is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Tables

SYNOPSIS
            list-tables
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--connected-database <value>]
          --database <value>
          [--db-user <value>]
          [--schema-pattern <value>]
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          [--table-pattern <value>]
          [--workgroup-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The  cluster  identifier. This parameter is required when connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using either Secrets Manager or tem-
          porary credentials.

       --connected-database (string)
          A  database  name. The connected database is specified when you con-
          nect with your authentication credentials.

       --database (string)
          The name of the database that contains the tables to list.  If  Con-
          nectedDatabase  is  not specified, this is also the database to con-
          nect to with your authentication credentials.

       --db-user (string)
          The database user name. This parameter is required  when  connecting
          to a cluster and authenticating using temporary credentials.

       --schema-pattern (string)
          A pattern to filter results by schema name. Within a schema pattern,
          "%" means match any substring of 0 or more characters and "_"  means
          match  any  one  character.  Only  schema  name entries matching the
          search pattern are returned. If SchemaPattern is not specified, then
          all tables that match TablePattern are returned. If neither SchemaP-
          attern or TablePattern are specified, then all tables are returned.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The name or ARN of the secret that enables access to  the  database.
          This  parameter  is  required when authenticating using Secrets Man-
          ager.

       --table-pattern (string)
          A pattern to filter results by table name. Within a  table  pattern,
          "%"  means match any substring of 0 or more characters and "_" means
          match any one character. Only table name entries matching the search
          pattern are returned. If TablePattern is not specified, then all ta-
          bles that match SchemaPattern are returned. If neither SchemaPattern
          or TablePattern are specified, then all tables are returned.

       --workgroup-name (string)
          The  serverless workgroup name. This parameter is required when con-
          necting to a serverless workgroup and  authenticating  using  either
          Secrets Manager or temporary credentials.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned NextToken value in the next NextToken parameter and  retry-
          ing  the  command.  If  the  NextToken  field is empty, all response
          records have been retrieved for the request.

       Tables -> (list)
          The tables that match the request pattern.

          (structure)
              The properties of a table.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the table.

              schema -> (string)
                 The schema containing the table.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of the table. Possible values include  TABLE,  VIEW,
                 SYSTEM  TABLE,  GLOBAL TEMPORARY, LOCAL TEMPORARY, ALIAS, and
                 SYNONYM.



                                                                 LIST-TABLES()
