CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()                CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       create-environment-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds an environment member to an Cloud9 development environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-environment-membership
          --environment-id <value>
          --user-arn <value>
          --permissions <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The  ID  of the environment that contains the environment member you
          want to add.

       --user-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment member you want to
          add.

       --permissions (string)
          The  type  of  environment  member permissions you want to associate
          with this environment member. Available values include:

          o read-only : Has read-only access to the environment.

          o read-write : Has read-write access to the environment.

          Possible values:

          o read-write

          o read-only

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add an environment member to an AWS Cloud9 development environment

       This example adds the specified environment member to the specified AWS
       Cloud9 development environment.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 create-environment-membership --environment-id 8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/AnotherDemoUser --permissions read-write

       Output:

          {
            "membership": {
              "environmentId": "8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX",
              "userId": "AIDAJ3LOROMOUXTBSU6EX",
              "userArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/AnotherDemoUser",
              "permissions": "read-write"
            }
          }

OUTPUT
       membership -> (structure)
          Information about the environment member that was added.

          permissions -> (string)
              The  type of environment member permissions associated with this
              environment member. Available values include:

              o owner : Owns the environment.

              o read-only : Has read-only access to the environment.

              o read-write : Has read-write access to the environment.

          userId -> (string)
              The user ID in Identity and Access Management (IAM) of the envi-
              ronment member.

          userArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment member.

          environmentId -> (string)
              The ID of the environment for the environment member.

          lastAccess -> (timestamp)
              The  time,  expressed in epoch time format, when the environment
              member last opened the environment.



                                               CREATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()
