DELETE-ENVIRONMENT()                                      DELETE-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       delete-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Cloud9 development environment. If an Amazon EC2 instance is
       connected to the environment, also terminates the instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-environment
          --environment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an AWS Cloud9 development environment

       This example deletes the specified AWS Cloud9 development  environment.
       If  an Amazon EC2 instance is connected to the environment, also termi-
       nates the instance.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 delete-environment --environment-id 8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-ENVIRONMENT()
