DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()                DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       delete-environment-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an environment member from an Cloud9 development environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-environment-membership
          --environment-id <value>
          --user-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to delete the environment member from.

       --user-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the environment member to delete
          from the environment.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an environment member from an AWS Cloud9 development environ-
       ment

       This  example  deletes the specified environment member from the speci-
       fied AWS Cloud9 development environment.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 delete-environment-membership --environment-id 8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/AnotherDemoUser

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()
