DESCRIBE-ENVIRONMENT-STATUS()                    DESCRIBE-ENVIRONMENT-STATUS()



NAME
       describe-environment-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets status information for an Cloud9 development environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-environment-status
          --environment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to get status information about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get status information for an AWS Cloud9 development environment

       This  example  gets status information for the specified AWS Cloud9 de-
       velopment environment.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 describe-environment-status --environment-id 685f892f431b45c2b28cb69eadcdb0EX

       Output:

          {
            "status": "ready",
            "message": "Environment is ready to use"
          }

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          The status of the environment. Available values include:

          o connecting : The environment is connecting.

          o creating : The environment is being created.

          o deleting : The environment is being deleted.

          o error : The environment is in an error state.

          o ready : The environment is ready.

          o stopped : The environment is stopped.

          o stopping : The environment is stopping.

       message -> (string)
          Any informational message about the status of the environment.



                                                 DESCRIBE-ENVIRONMENT-STATUS()
