TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds tags to an Cloud9 development environment.

       WARNING:
          Tags that you add to an Cloud9 environment by using this method will
          NOT be automatically propagated to underlying resources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Cloud9 development environment
          to add tags to.

       --tags (list)
          The list of tags to add to the given Cloud9 development environment.

          (structure)
              Metadata  that is associated with Amazon Web Services resources.
              In particular, a name-value pair that can be associated with  an
              Cloud9  development  environment.  There  are two types of tags:
              user tags and system tags . A user tag is created by the user. A
              system  tag is automatically created by Amazon Web Services ser-
              vices. A system tag is prefixed with "aws:" and cannot be  modi-
              fied by the user.

              Key -> (string)
                 The name part of a tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value part of a tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
