UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()                UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       update-environment-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  settings  of an existing environment member for an Cloud9
       development environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-environment-membership
          --environment-id <value>
          --user-arn <value>
          --permissions <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment for the environment member whose  settings
          you want to change.

       --user-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment member whose set-
          tings you want to change.

       --permissions (string)
          The replacement type of environment member permissions you  want  to
          associate with this environment member. Available values include:

          o read-only : Has read-only access to the environment.

          o read-write : Has read-write access to the environment.

          Possible values:

          o read-write

          o read-only

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  change  the  settings  of an existing environment member for an AWS
       Cloud9 development environment

       This example changes the settings of the specified existing environment
       member for the specified AWS Cloud9 development environment.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 update-environment-membership --environment-id 8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX --user-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/AnotherDemoUser --permissions read-only

       Output:

          {
            "membership": {
              "environmentId": "8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX",
              "userId": "AIDAJ3LOROMOUXTBSU6EX",
              "userArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/AnotherDemoUser",
              "permissions": "read-only"
            }
          }

OUTPUT
       membership -> (structure)
          Information   about  the  environment  member  whose  settings  were
          changed.

          permissions -> (string)
              The type of environment member permissions associated with  this
              environment member. Available values include:

              o owner : Owns the environment.

              o read-only : Has read-only access to the environment.

              o read-write : Has read-write access to the environment.

          userId -> (string)
              The user ID in Identity and Access Management (IAM) of the envi-
              ronment member.

          userArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment member.

          environmentId -> (string)
              The ID of the environment for the environment member.

          lastAccess -> (timestamp)
              The time, expressed in epoch time format, when  the  environment
              member last opened the environment.



                                               UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT-MEMBERSHIP()
