UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT()                                      UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       update-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes the settings of an existing Cloud9 development environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-environment
          --environment-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--description <value>]
          [--managed-credentials-action <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The ID of the environment to change settings.

       --name (string)
          A replacement name for the environment.

       --description (string)
          Any new or replacement description for the environment.

       --managed-credentials-action (string)
          Allows  the  environment owner to turn on or turn off the Amazon Web
          Services managed temporary credentials for an Cloud9 environment  by
          using one of the following values:

          o ENABLE

          o DISABLE

          NOTE:
              Only the environment owner can change the status of managed tem-
              porary credentials. An AccessDeniedException is thrown if an at-
              tempt  to  turn  on or turn off managed temporary credentials is
              made by an account that's not the environment owner.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLE

          o DISABLE

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  change  the settings of an existing AWS Cloud9 development environ-
       ment

       This example changes the specified settings of the  specified  existing
       AWS Cloud9 development environment.

       Command:

          aws cloud9 update-environment --environment-id 8a34f51ce1e04a08882f1e811bd706EX --name my-changed-demo-env --description "My changed demonstration development environment."

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          UPDATE-ENVIRONMENT()
