LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags for the specified license configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the license configuration.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags for a license configuration

       The  following  list-tags-for-resource  example  lists the tags for the
       specified license configuration.

          aws license-manager list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:license-manager:us-west-2:123456789012:license-configuration:lic-6eb6586f508a786a2ba4f56c1EXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "project",
                      "Value": "lima"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          Information about the tags.

          (structure)
              Details about a tag for a license configuration.

              Key -> (string)
                 Tag key.

              Value -> (string)
                 Tag value.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
