CREATE-DATASET-GROUP()                                  CREATE-DATASET-GROUP()



NAME
       create-dataset-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a dataset group, which holds a collection of related datasets.
       You can add datasets to the dataset group when you create  the  dataset
       group, or later by using the  UpdateDatasetGroup operation.

       After creating a dataset group and adding datasets, you use the dataset
       group when you create a predictor. For more  information,  see   howit-
       works-datasets-groups .

       To  get  a list of all your datasets groups, use the  ListDatasetGroups
       operation.

       NOTE:
          The Status of a dataset group must be ACTIVE before you can use  the
          dataset group to create a predictor. To get the status, use the  De-
          scribeDatasetGroup operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-dataset-group
          --dataset-group-name <value>
          --domain <value>
          [--dataset-arns <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-group-name (string)
          A name for the dataset group.

       --domain (string)
          The domain associated with the dataset group. When you add a dataset
          to  a  dataset group, this value and the value specified for the Do-
          main parameter of the  CreateDataset operation must match.

          The Domain and DatasetType that you choose determine the fields that
          must  be  present in training data that you import to a dataset. For
          example, if you choose the RETAIL domain and  TARGET_TIME_SERIES  as
          the  DatasetType , Amazon Forecast requires that item_id , timestamp
          , and demand fields are present in your data. For more  information,
          see  howitworks-datasets-groups .

          Possible values:

          o RETAIL

          o CUSTOM

          o INVENTORY_PLANNING

          o EC2_CAPACITY

          o WORK_FORCE

          o WEB_TRAFFIC

          o METRICS

       --dataset-arns (list)
          An  array  of  Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the datasets that you
          want to include in the dataset group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tags (list)
          The optional metadata that you apply to the dataset  group  to  help
          you  categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
          optional value, both of which you define.

          The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

          o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each  tag  key
            can have only one value.

          o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and re-
            sources, remember that other services may have restrictions on al-
            lowed  characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters, num-
            bers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following charac-
            ters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          o Do  not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination of
            such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use. You  can-
            not edit or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values can have this
            prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but the key does not,
            then Forecast considers it to be a user tag and will count against
            the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only the key prefix of aws do  not
            count against your tags per resource limit.

          (structure)
              The  optional  metadata that you apply to a resource to help you
              categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and  an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If your tagging schema is used across  multiple  services  and
                resources,  remember that other services may have restrictions
                on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are:  let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of  such  as  a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use.
                You cannot edit or delete tag keys with  this  prefix.  Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user  tag
                and  will  count  against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only
                the key prefix of aws do not count against your tags  per  re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DatasetGroupArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset group.



                                                        CREATE-DATASET-GROUP()
