CREATE-EXPLAINABILITY-EXPORT()                  CREATE-EXPLAINABILITY-EXPORT()



NAME
       create-explainability-export -

DESCRIPTION
       Exports an Explainability resource created by the  CreateExplainability
       operation. Exported files are exported to an Amazon Simple Storage Ser-
       vice (Amazon S3) bucket.

       You  must  specify a  DataDestination object that includes an Amazon S3
       bucket and an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that Amazon
       Forecast  can  assume to access the Amazon S3 bucket. For more informa-
       tion, see  aws-forecast-iam-roles .

       NOTE:
          The Status of the export job must be ACTIVE before  you  can  access
          the export in your Amazon S3 bucket. To get the status, use the  De-
          scribeExplainabilityExport operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-explainability-export
          --explainability-export-name <value>
          --explainability-arn <value>
          --destination <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --explainability-export-name (string)
          A unique name for the Explainability export.

       --explainability-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Explainability to export.

       --destination (structure)
          The destination for an export job. Provide an S3 path, an AWS  Iden-
          tity and Access Management (IAM) role that allows Amazon Forecast to
          access the location, and an AWS Key  Management  Service  (KMS)  key
          (optional).

          S3Config -> (structure)
              The  path to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket
              along with the credentials to access the bucket.

              Path -> (string)
                 The path to an Amazon  Simple  Storage  Service  (Amazon  S3)
                 bucket or file(s) in an Amazon S3 bucket.

              RoleArn -> (string)
                 The  ARN of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role
                 that Amazon Forecast can  assume  to  access  the  Amazon  S3
                 bucket  or  files.  If  you provide a value for the KMSKeyArn
                 key, the role must allow access to the key.

                 Passing a role across AWS accounts is  not  allowed.  If  you
                 pass a role that isn't in your account, you get an InvalidIn-
                 putException error.

              KMSKeyArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Key Management  Ser-
                 vice (KMS) key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          S3Config={Path=string,RoleArn=string,KMSKeyArn=string}

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "S3Config": {
              "Path": "string",
              "RoleArn": "string",
              "KMSKeyArn": "string"
            }
          }

       --tags (list)
          Optional  metadata  to  help  you  categorize  and organize your re-
          sources. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value,  both  of
          which you define. Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          The following restrictions apply to tags:

          o For  each  resource,  each tag key must be unique and each tag key
            must have one value.

          o Maximum number of tags per resource: 50.

          o Maximum key length: 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Maximum value length: 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Accepted characters: all letters and numbers, spaces representable
            in  UTF-8,  and  +  -  = . _ : / @. If your tagging schema is used
            across other services and resources, the character restrictions of
            those services also apply.

          o Key  prefixes cannot include any upper or lowercase combination of
            aws: or AWS: . Values can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws
            as  its prefix but the key does not, Forecast considers it to be a
            user tag and will count against the limit of 50  tags.  Tags  with
            only  the key prefix of aws do not count against your tags per re-
            source limit. You cannot edit or delete tag keys with this prefix.

          (structure)
              The optional metadata that you apply to a resource to  help  you
              categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved  for  AWS  use.
                You  cannot  edit  or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the  key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag
                and will count against the limit of 50 tags.  Tags  with  only
                the  key  prefix of aws do not count against your tags per re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ExplainabilityExportArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the export.



                                                CREATE-EXPLAINABILITY-EXPORT()
