CREATE-FORECAST-EXPORT-JOB()                      CREATE-FORECAST-EXPORT-JOB()



NAME
       create-forecast-export-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Exports  a  forecast  created  by the  CreateForecast operation to your
       Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)  bucket.  The  forecast  file
       name will match the following conventions:

       <ForecastExportJobName>_<ExportTimestamp>_<PartNumber>

       where  the  <ExportTimestamp>  component  is  in  Java SimpleDateFormat
       (yyyy-MM-ddTHH-mm-ssZ).

       You must specify a  DataDestination object that includes an  AWS  Iden-
       tity  and  Access Management (IAM) role that Amazon Forecast can assume
       to access the Amazon S3 bucket. For more  information,  see   aws-fore-
       cast-iam-roles .

       For more information, see  howitworks-forecast .

       To  get a list of all your forecast export jobs, use the  ListForecast-
       ExportJobs operation.

       NOTE:
          The Status of the forecast export job must be ACTIVE before you  can
          access the forecast in your Amazon S3 bucket. To get the status, use
          the  DescribeForecastExportJob operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-forecast-export-job
          --forecast-export-job-name <value>
          --forecast-arn <value>
          --destination <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --forecast-export-job-name (string)
          The name for the forecast export job.

       --forecast-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the forecast that you want to  ex-
          port.

       --destination (structure)
          The location where you want to save the forecast and an AWS Identity
          and Access Management (IAM) role that Amazon Forecast can assume  to
          access  the  location. The forecast must be exported to an Amazon S3
          bucket.

          If encryption is used, Destination must include an AWS  Key  Manage-
          ment Service (KMS) key. The IAM role must allow Amazon Forecast per-
          mission to access the key.

          S3Config -> (structure)
              The path to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)  bucket
              along with the credentials to access the bucket.

              Path -> (string)
                 The  path  to  an  Amazon  Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
                 bucket or file(s) in an Amazon S3 bucket.

              RoleArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)  role
                 that  Amazon  Forecast  can  assume  to  access the Amazon S3
                 bucket or files. If you provide a  value  for  the  KMSKeyArn
                 key, the role must allow access to the key.

                 Passing  a  role  across  AWS accounts is not allowed. If you
                 pass a role that isn't in your account, you get an InvalidIn-
                 putException error.

              KMSKeyArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Key Management Ser-
                 vice (KMS) key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          S3Config={Path=string,RoleArn=string,KMSKeyArn=string}

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "S3Config": {
              "Path": "string",
              "RoleArn": "string",
              "KMSKeyArn": "string"
            }
          }

       --tags (list)
          The optional metadata that you apply to the forecast export  job  to
          help  you  categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key
          and an optional value, both of which you define.

          The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

          o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each  tag  key
            can have only one value.

          o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and re-
            sources, remember that other services may have restrictions on al-
            lowed  characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters, num-
            bers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following charac-
            ters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          o Do  not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination of
            such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use. You  can-
            not edit or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values can have this
            prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but the key does not,
            then Forecast considers it to be a user tag and will count against
            the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only the key prefix of aws do  not
            count against your tags per resource limit.

          (structure)
              The  optional  metadata that you apply to a resource to help you
              categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and  an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If your tagging schema is used across  multiple  services  and
                resources,  remember that other services may have restrictions
                on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are:  let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of  such  as  a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use.
                You cannot edit or delete tag keys with  this  prefix.  Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user  tag
                and  will  count  against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only
                the key prefix of aws do not count against your tags  per  re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ForecastExportJobArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the export job.



                                                  CREATE-FORECAST-EXPORT-JOB()
