CREATE-MONITOR()                                              CREATE-MONITOR()



NAME
       create-monitor -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  predictor  monitor resource for an existing auto predictor.
       Predictor monitoring allows you to see how your predictor's performance
       changes over time. For more information, see Predictor Monitoring .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-monitor
          --monitor-name <value>
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --monitor-name (string)
          The name of the monitor resource.

       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the predictor to monitor.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags to apply to the monitor resource.

          (structure)
              The  optional  metadata that you apply to a resource to help you
              categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and  an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If your tagging schema is used across  multiple  services  and
                resources,  remember that other services may have restrictions
                on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are:  let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of  such  as  a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use.
                You cannot edit or delete tag keys with  this  prefix.  Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user  tag
                and  will  count  against the limit of 50 tags. Tags with only
                the key prefix of aws do not count against your tags  per  re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MonitorArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the monitor resource.



                                                              CREATE-MONITOR()
