CREATE-FORECAST()                                            CREATE-FORECAST()



NAME
       create-forecast -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a forecast for each item in the TARGET_TIME_SERIES dataset that
       was used to train the predictor. This is known  as  inference.  To  re-
       trieve  the  forecast  for a single item at low latency, use the opera-
       tion. To export the complete forecast into your Amazon  Simple  Storage
       Service (Amazon S3) bucket, use the  CreateForecastExportJob operation.

       The  range  of the forecast is determined by the ForecastHorizon value,
       which you specify in the  CreatePredictor request.  When  you  query  a
       forecast, you can request a specific date range within the forecast.

       To get a list of all your forecasts, use the  ListForecasts operation.

       NOTE:
          The forecasts generated by Amazon Forecast are in the same time zone
          as the dataset that was used to create the predictor.

       For more information, see  howitworks-forecast .

       NOTE:
          The Status of the forecast must be ACTIVE before you  can  query  or
          export  the forecast. Use the  DescribeForecast operation to get the
          status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-forecast
          --forecast-name <value>
          --predictor-arn <value>
          [--forecast-types <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --forecast-name (string)
          A name for the forecast.

       --predictor-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the predictor to use  to  generate
          the forecast.

       --forecast-types (list)
          The  quantiles  at  which probabilistic forecasts are generated. You
          can currently specify up to 5 quantiles per forecast . Accepted val-
          ues  include  0.01  to  0.99 (increments of .01 only) and mean . The
          mean forecast is different from the median (0.50) when the distribu-
          tion is not symmetric (for example, Beta and Negative Binomial).

          The default quantiles are the quantiles you specified during predic-
          tor creation. If you didn't specify quantiles,  the  default  values
          are ["0.1", "0.5", "0.9"] .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tags (list)
          The  optional  metadata  that  you apply to the forecast to help you
          categorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an  op-
          tional value, both of which you define.

          The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

          o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key
            can have only one value.

          o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

          o If your tagging schema is used across multiple  services  and  re-
            sources, remember that other services may have restrictions on al-
            lowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters,  num-
            bers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following charac-
            ters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

          o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination  of
            such  as a prefix for keys as it is reserved for AWS use. You can-
            not edit or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values can have this
            prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but the key does not,
            then Forecast considers it to be a user tag and will count against
            the  limit of 50 tags. Tags with only the key prefix of aws do not
            count against your tags per resource limit.

          (structure)
              The optional metadata that you apply to a resource to  help  you
              categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved  for  AWS  use.
                You  cannot  edit  or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the  key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag
                and will count against the limit of 50 tags.  Tags  with  only
                the  key  prefix of aws do not count against your tags per re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ForecastArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the forecast.



                                                             CREATE-FORECAST()
