DELETE-RESOURCE-TREE()                                  DELETE-RESOURCE-TREE()



NAME
       delete-resource-tree -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an entire resource tree. This operation will delete the parent
       resource and its child resources.

       Child resources are resources that were created from another  resource.
       For  example,  when a forecast is generated from a predictor, the fore-
       cast is the child resource and the predictor is the parent resource.

       Amazon Forecast resources possess the following  parent-child  resource
       hierarchies:

       o Dataset : dataset import jobs

       o Dataset  Group  :  predictors,  predictor backtest export jobs, fore-
         casts, forecast export jobs

       o Predictor : predictor backtest export jobs, forecasts,  forecast  ex-
         port jobs

       o Forecast : forecast export jobs

       NOTE:
          DeleteResourceTree  will  only delete Amazon Forecast resources, and
          will not delete datasets or exported files stored in Amazon S3.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-tree
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the parent resource to delete. All
          child resources of the parent resource will also be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-RESOURCE-TREE()
