DELETE-FORECAST()                                            DELETE-FORECAST()



NAME
       delete-forecast -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a forecast created using the  CreateForecast operation. You can
       delete only forecasts that have a status of ACTIVE or  CREATE_FAILED  .
       To get the status, use the  DescribeForecast operation.

       You  can't  delete a forecast while it is being exported. After a fore-
       cast is deleted, you can no longer query the forecast.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-forecast
          --forecast-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --forecast-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the forecast to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-FORECAST()
