LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags for an Amazon Forecast resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  that identifies the resource for
          which to list the tags.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The tags for the resource.

          (structure)
              The optional metadata that you apply to a resource to  help  you
              categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value, both of which you define.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50.

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8.

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for keys as it is reserved  for  AWS  use.
                You  cannot  edit  or delete tag keys with this prefix. Values
                can have this prefix. If a tag value has aws as its prefix but
                the  key does not, then Forecast considers it to be a user tag
                and will count against the limit of 50 tags.  Tags  with  only
                the  key  prefix of aws do not count against your tags per re-
                source limit.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
