UPDATE-DATASET-GROUP()                                  UPDATE-DATASET-GROUP()



NAME
       update-dataset-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Replaces the datasets in a dataset group with the specified datasets.

       NOTE:
          The  Status  of  the dataset group must be ACTIVE before you can use
          the dataset group to create a predictor. Use  the   DescribeDataset-
          Group operation to get the status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-dataset-group
          --dataset-group-arn <value>
          --dataset-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-group-arn (string)
          The ARN of the dataset group.

       --dataset-arns (list)
          An  array of the Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the datasets to add
          to the dataset group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        UPDATE-DATASET-GROUP()
