LIST-PRICING-RULES-ASSOCIATED-TLIST-PRICING-RULES-ASSOCIATED-TO-PRICING-PLAN()



NAME
       list-pricing-rules-associated-to-pricing-plan -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the pricing rules associated with a pricing plan.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-pricing-rules-associated-to-pricing-plan is a paginated operation.
       Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the  entire  data
       set  of results. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-pagi-
       nate argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on  a
       paginated response, the --query argument must extract data from the re-
       sults of the following query expressions: PricingRuleArns

SYNOPSIS
            list-pricing-rules-associated-to-pricing-plan
          [--billing-period <value>]
          --pricing-plan-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --billing-period (string)
          The billing period for which the pricing rule associations are to be
          listed.

       --pricing-plan-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pricing plan for which associ-
          ations are to be listed.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BillingPeriod -> (string)
          The billing period for  which  the  pricing  rule  associations  are
          listed.

       PricingPlanArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pricing plan for which associ-
          ations are listed.

       PricingRuleArns -> (list)
          A list containing pricing rules associated with the requested  pric-
          ing plan.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to be used on subsequent calls.



                               LIST-PRICING-RULES-ASSOCIATED-TO-PRICING-PLAN()
