LIST-EXTENSIBLE-SOURCE-SERVERS()              LIST-EXTENSIBLE-SOURCE-SERVERS()



NAME
       list-extensible-source-servers -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of source servers on a staging account that are extensi-
       ble, which means that: a. The source server  is  not  already  extended
       into  this  Account.  b.  The source server on the Account were reading
       from is not an extension of another source server.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-extensible-source-servers is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: items

SYNOPSIS
            list-extensible-source-servers
          --staging-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --staging-account-id (string)
          The  Id of the staging Account to retrieve extensible source servers
          from.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       items -> (list)
          A list of source servers on a staging Account that are extensible.

          (structure)
              Source server in staging account  that  extended  source  server
              connected to.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the source server.

              hostname -> (string)
                 Hostname of staging source server.

              tags -> (map)
                 A list of tags associated with the staging source server.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token of the next extensible source server to retrieve.



                                              LIST-EXTENSIBLE-SOURCE-SERVERS()
