GET-RESOURCE-METADATA()                                GET-RESOURCE-METADATA()



NAME
       get-resource-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve the metadata for different features. For example, the metadata
       might indicate that a feature is turned on or off on a specific DB  in-
       stance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-resource-metadata
          --service-type <value>
          --identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-type (string)
          The  Amazon  Web Services service for which Performance Insights re-
          turns metrics.

          Possible values:

          o RDS

          o DOCDB

       --identifier (string)
          An immutable identifier for a data source that is unique for an Ama-
          zon  Web  Services Region. Performance Insights gathers metrics from
          this data source. To use a DB instance as a data source, specify its
          DbiResourceId    value.    For    example,   specify   db-ABCDEFGHI-
          JKLMNOPQRSTU1VW2X .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Identifier -> (string)
          An immutable identifier for a data source that is unique for an Ama-
          zon Web Services Region. Performance Insights gathers  metrics  from
          this data source. To use a DB instance as a data source, specify its
          DbiResourceId   value.   For    example,    specify    db-ABCDEFGHI-
          JKLMNOPQRSTU1VW2X .

       Features -> (map)
          The metadata for different features. For example, the metadata might
          indicate that a feature is turned on or off on  a  specific  DB  in-
          stance.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              The  metadata for a feature. For example, the metadata might in-
              dicate that a feature is turned on or off on a specific  DB  in-
              stance.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the feature on the DB instance. Possible values
                 include the following:

                 o ENABLED : the feature is enabled on the instance.

                 o DISABLED : the feature is disabled on the instance.

                 o UNSUPPORTED : the feature isn't supported on the instance.

                 o ENABLED_PENDING_REBOOT : the feature is enabled on the  in-
                   stance but requires a reboot to take effect.

                 o DISABLED_PENDING_REBOOT  :  the  feature is disabled on the
                   instance but requires a reboot to take effect.

                 o UNKNOWN : the feature status couldn't be determined.



                                                       GET-RESOURCE-METADATA()
