GET-DIMENSION-KEY-DETAILS()                        GET-DIMENSION-KEY-DETAILS()



NAME
       get-dimension-key-details -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  the  attributes of the specified dimension group for a DB instance
       or data source. For example, if you specify a SQL ID,  GetDimensionKey-
       Details retrieves the full text of the dimension db.sql.statement asso-
       ciated with this ID. This operation is useful  because  GetResourceMet-
       rics  and  DescribeDimensionKeys  don't  support retrieval of large SQL
       statement text.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-dimension-key-details
          --service-type <value>
          --identifier <value>
          --group <value>
          --group-identifier <value>
          [--requested-dimensions <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-type (string)
          The Amazon Web Services service for which Performance  Insights  re-
          turns data. The only valid value is RDS .

          Possible values:

          o RDS

          o DOCDB

       --identifier (string)
          The  ID  for a data source from which to gather dimension data. This
          ID must be immutable and unique within an Amazon  Web  Services  Re-
          gion.  When a DB instance is the data source, specify its DbiResour-
          ceId value. For example, specify db-ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU1VW2X .

       --group (string)
          The name of the dimension group. Performance Insights  searches  the
          specified group for the dimension group ID. The following group name
          values are valid:

          o db.query (Amazon DocumentDB only)

          o db.sql (Amazon RDS and Aurora only)

       --group-identifier (string)
          The ID of the dimension group from which to retrieve  dimension  de-
          tails.  For dimension group db.sql , the group ID is db.sql.id . The
          following group ID values are valid:

          o db.sql.id for dimension group db.sql (Aurora and RDS only)

          o db.query.id for dimension group db.query (DocumentDB only)

       --requested-dimensions (list)
          A list of dimensions to retrieve the  detail  data  for  within  the
          given  dimension group. If you don't specify this parameter, Perfor-
          mance Insights returns all dimension data within the  specified  di-
          mension  group.  Specify dimension names for the following dimension
          groups:

          o db.sql - Specify either the full dimension  name  db.sql.statement
            or the short dimension name statement (Aurora and RDS only).

          o db.query  - Specify either the full dimension name db.query.state-
            ment or the short dimension name statement (DocumentDB only).

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Dimensions -> (list)
          The details for the requested dimensions.

          (structure)
              An object that describes the details for a specified dimension.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value of the dimension detail data. Depending on the re-
                 turn status, this value is either the full or  truncated  SQL
                 query for the following dimensions:

                 o db.query.statement (Amazon DocumentDB)

                 o db.sql.statement (Amazon RDS and Aurora)

              Dimension -> (string)
                 The  full  name  of the dimension. The full name includes the
                 group name and key name. The following values are valid:

                 o db.query.statement (Amazon DocumentDB)

                 o db.sql.statement (Amazon RDS and Aurora)

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the dimension detail data. Possible values  in-
                 clude the following:

                 o AVAILABLE  -  The  dimension detail data is ready to be re-
                   trieved.

                 o PROCESSING - The dimension detail data isn't  ready  to  be
                   retrieved  because more processing time is required. If the
                   requested detail data has the status PROCESSING  ,  Perfor-
                   mance Insights returns the truncated query.

                 o UNAVAILABLE  -  The dimension detail data could not be col-
                   lected successfully.



                                                   GET-DIMENSION-KEY-DETAILS()
