LIST-AVAILABLE-RESOURCE-DIMENSIONS()      LIST-AVAILABLE-RESOURCE-DIMENSIONS()



NAME
       list-available-resource-dimensions -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieve  the  dimensions that can be queried for each specified metric
       type on a specified DB instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-available-resource-dimensions
          --service-type <value>
          --identifier <value>
          --metrics <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-type (string)
          The Amazon Web Services service for which Performance  Insights  re-
          turns metrics.

          Possible values:

          o RDS

          o DOCDB

       --identifier (string)
          An  immutable  identifier for a data source that is unique within an
          Amazon Web Services Region.  Performance  Insights  gathers  metrics
          from  this  data  source. To use an Amazon RDS DB instance as a data
          source,  specify  its  DbiResourceId  value.  For  example,  specify
          db-ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU1VWZ .

       --metrics (list)
          The  types of metrics for which to retrieve dimensions. Valid values
          include db.load .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of items to return in the response. If more items
          exist than the specified MaxRecords value, a pagination token is in-
          cluded in the response so that the  remaining  results  can  be  re-
          trieved.

       --next-token (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter is specified, the response includes  only  records  beyond
          the token, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MetricDimensions -> (list)
          The dimension information returned for requested metric types.

          (structure)
              The available dimension information for a metric type.

              Metric -> (string)
                 The metric type to which the dimension information belongs.

              Groups -> (list)
                 The available dimension groups for a metric type.

                 (structure)
                     Information about dimensions within a dimension group.

                     Group -> (string)
                        The name of the dimension group.

                     Dimensions -> (list)
                        The dimensions within a dimension group.

                        (structure)
                            The information about a dimension.

                            Identifier -> (string)
                               The identifier of a dimension.

       NextToken -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter  is  specified,  the response includes only records beyond
          the token, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .



                                          LIST-AVAILABLE-RESOURCE-DIMENSIONS()
