DELETE-POLICY()                                                DELETE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Permanently deletes an Firewall Manager policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-policy
          --policy-id <value>
          [--delete-all-policy-resources | --no-delete-all-policy-resources]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-id (string)
          The  ID of the policy that you want to delete. You can retrieve this
          ID from PutPolicy and ListPolicies .

       --delete-all-policy-resources | --no-delete-all-policy-resources (bool-
       ean)
          If True , the request performs cleanup according to the policy type.

          For  WAF  and Shield Advanced policies, the cleanup does the follow-
          ing:

          o Deletes rule groups created by Firewall Manager

          o Removes web ACLs from in-scope resources

          o Deletes web ACLs that contain no rules or rule groups

          For security group policies, the cleanup does the following for each
          security group in the policy:

          o Disassociates the security group from in-scope resources

          o Deletes the security group if it was created through Firewall Man-
            ager and if it's no longer associated with any  resources  through
            another policy

          After the cleanup, in-scope resources are no longer protected by web
          ACLs in this policy. Protection of  out-of-scope  resources  remains
          unchanged.  Scope is determined by tags that you create and accounts
          that you associate with the policy. When creating the policy, if you
          specify  that  only  resources in specific accounts or with specific
          tags are in scope of the policy, those accounts  and  resources  are
          handled  by  the  policy.  All others are out of scope. If you don't
          specify tags or accounts, all resources are in scope.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a Firewall Manager policy

       The  following delete-policy example removes the policy with the speci-
       fied ID, along with all of its resources.

          aws fms delete-policy \
              --policy-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --delete-all-policy-resources

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with AWS Firewall Manager Policies in
       the  AWS  WAF,  AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-POLICY()
