GET-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()                                        GET-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the Organizations account that is associated with Firewall Man-
       ager as the Firewall Manager administrator.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-admin-account
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the Firewall Manager administrator account

       The following get-admin-account example retrieves the administrator ac-
       count.

          aws fms get-admin-account

       Output:

          {
              "AdminAccount": "123456789012",
              "RoleStatus": "READY"
          }

       For more information, see AWS Firewall Manager Prerequisites in the AWS
       WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       AdminAccount -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account that is set as the Firewall  Manager
          administrator.

       RoleStatus -> (string)
          The  status  of  the Amazon Web Services account that you set as the
          Firewall Manager administrator.



                                                           GET-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
