PUT-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()                          PUT-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()



NAME
       put-notification-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Designates  the  IAM  role and Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
       topic that Firewall Manager uses to record SNS logs.

       To perform this action outside of the console, you must  configure  the
       SNS  topic  to  allow the Firewall Manager role AWSServiceRoleForFMS to
       publish SNS logs. For more information, see Firewall  Manager  required
       permissions for API actions in the Firewall Manager Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-notification-channel
          --sns-topic-arn <value>
          --sns-role-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sns-topic-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic that collects noti-
          fications from Firewall Manager.

       --sns-role-name (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role  that  allows  Amazon
          SNS to record Firewall Manager activity.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the SNS topic information for Firewall Manager logs

       The  following  put-notification-channel example sets the SNS topic in-
       formation.

          aws fms put-notification-channel \
              --sns-topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:us-west-2-fms \
              --sns-role-name arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/aws-service-role/fms.amazonaws.com/AWSServiceRoleForFMS

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Configure Amazon SNS Notifications and Amazon
       CloudWatch  Alarms in the AWS WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield
       Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    PUT-NOTIFICATION-CHANNEL()
