LOAD-BALANCER-EXISTS()                                  LOAD-BALANCER-EXISTS()



NAME
       load-balancer-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait   until   200   response   is   received  when  polling  with  de-
       scribe-load-balancers. It will poll every 15 seconds until a successful
       state  has been reached. This will exit with a return code of 255 after
       40 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       load-balancer-exists is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: LoadBalancers

SYNOPSIS
            load-balancer-exists
          [--load-balancer-arns <value>]
          [--names <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-arns (list)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the load balancers. You can spec-
          ify up to 20 load balancers in a single call.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --names (list)
          The names of the load balancers.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until a load balancer exists

       The following wait load-balancer-exists command  pauses  and  continues
       only after it confirms that the specified load balancer exists.

          aws elbv2 wait load-balancer-exists
                 --load-balancer-arns               arn:aws:elasticloadbalanc-
                 ing:us-west-2:123456789012:loadbalancer/app/my-load-bal-
                 ancer/50dc6c495c0c9188

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        LOAD-BALANCER-EXISTS()
