TARGET-IN-SERVICE()                                        TARGET-IN-SERVICE()



NAME
       target-in-service -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until JMESPath query TargetHealthDescriptions[].TargetHealth.State
       returns healthy  for  all  elements  when  polling  with  describe-tar-
       get-health.  It will poll every 15 seconds until a successful state has
       been reached. This will exit with a return code of 255 after 40  failed
       checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            target-in-service
          --target-group-arn <value>
          [--targets <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

       --targets (list)
          The targets.

          (structure)
              Information about a target.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  ID of the target. If the target type of the target group
                 is instance , specify an instance ID. If the target  type  is
                 ip  ,  specify  an IP address. If the target type is lambda ,
                 specify the ARN of the Lambda function. If the target type is
                 alb  ,  specify the ARN of the Application Load Balancer tar-
                 get.

              Port -> (integer)
                 The port on which the target  is  listening.  If  the  target
                 group  protocol is GENEVE, the supported port is 6081. If the
                 target type is alb , the targeted Application  Load  Balancer
                 must have at least one listener whose port matches the target
                 group port. Not used if the target is a Lambda function.

              AvailabilityZone -> (string)
                 An Availability Zone or all .  This  determines  whether  the
                 target  receives  traffic from the load balancer nodes in the
                 specified Availability Zone or from all enabled  Availability
                 Zones for the load balancer.

                 This  parameter  is  not  supported if the target type of the
                 target group is instance or alb .

                 If the target type is ip and the IP address is in a subnet of
                 the  VPC for the target group, the Availability Zone is auto-
                 matically detected and this parameter is optional. If the  IP
                 address is outside the VPC, this parameter is required.

                 With  an  Application Load Balancer, if the target type is ip
                 and the IP address is outside the VPC for the  target  group,
                 the only supported value is all .

                 If the target type is lambda , this parameter is optional and
                 the only supported value is all .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Id=string,Port=integer,AvailabilityZone=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Id": "string",
              "Port": integer,
              "AvailabilityZone": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until a registered target is in service

       The following wait target-in-service command pauses and continues  only
       after it confirms that the specified target is in service.

          aws elbv2 wait target-in-service
                 --target-group-arn                 arn:aws:elasticloadbalanc-
                 ing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-tar-
                 gets/73e2d6bc24d8a067                               --targets
                 Id=i-1234567890abcdef0,Port=80

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           TARGET-IN-SERVICE()
