LIST-ACCOUNTS()                                                LIST-ACCOUNTS()



NAME
       list-accounts -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all AWS accounts assigned to the user. These AWS accounts are as-
       signed by the administrator of the account. For more  information,  see
       Assign User Access in the AWS SSO User Guide . This operation returns a
       paginated response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-accounts is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: accountList

SYNOPSIS
            list-accounts
          --access-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          The  token issued by the CreateToken API call. For more information,
          see CreateToken in the AWS SSO OIDC API Reference Guide .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The page token client that is used to retrieve the list of accounts.

       accountList -> (list)
          A paginated response with the list of account  information  and  the
          next token if more results are available.

          (structure)
              Provides information about your AWS account.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  of  the  AWS account that is assigned to the
                 user.

              accountName -> (string)
                 The display name of the AWS account that is assigned  to  the
                 user.

              emailAddress -> (string)
                 The  email address of the AWS account that is assigned to the
                 user.



                                                               LIST-ACCOUNTS()
