LOGOUT()                                                              LOGOUT()



NAME
       logout -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  locally  stored SSO tokens from the client-side cache and
       sends an API call to the Amazon Web Services SSO service to  invalidate
       the corresponding server-side Amazon Web Services SSO sign in session.

       NOTE:
          If  a  user  uses Amazon Web Services SSO to access the AWS CLI, the
          users Amazon Web Services SSO sign in session is used to  obtain  an
          IAM  session,  as specified in the corresponding Amazon Web Services
          SSO permission set. More specifically, Amazon Web Services  SSO  as-
          sumes  an  IAM role in the target account on behalf of the user, and
          the corresponding temporary Amazon Web Services credentials are  re-
          turned to the client.

          After  user logout, any existing IAM role sessions that were created
          by using Amazon Web Services SSO permission sets continue  based  on
          the duration configured in the permission set. For more information,
          see User authentications in the Amazon Web Services SSO User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            logout
          --access-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-token (string)
          The token issued by the CreateToken API call. For more  information,
          see  CreateToken  in  the Amazon Web Services SSO OIDC API Reference
          Guide .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                      LOGOUT()
