ASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()                                      ASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()



NAME
       associate-drt-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Authorizes  the Shield Response Team (SRT) using the specified role, to
       access your Amazon Web Services account to assist with DDoS attack mit-
       igation  during potential attacks. This enables the SRT to inspect your
       WAF configuration and create or update WAF rules and web ACLs.

       You can associate only one RoleArn with your subscription. If you  sub-
       mit  an AssociateDRTRole request for an account that already has an as-
       sociated role, the new RoleArn will replace the existing RoleArn .

       Prior to making the  AssociateDRTRole  request,  you  must  attach  the
       AWSShieldDRTAccessPolicy managed policy to the role that you'll specify
       in the request. You can access  this  policy  in  the  IAM  console  at
       AWSShieldDRTAccessPolicy . For more information see Adding and removing
       IAM identity permissions . The role must also trust the service princi-
       pal  drt.shield.amazonaws.com . For more information, see IAM JSON pol-
       icy elements: Principal .

       The SRT will have access only to your WAF and Shield resources. By sub-
       mitting  this  request,  you  authorize the SRT to inspect your WAF and
       Shield configuration and create and update WAF rules and  web  ACLs  on
       your  behalf. The SRT takes these actions only if explicitly authorized
       by you.

       You must have the iam:PassRole permission to make  an  AssociateDRTRole
       request.  For more information, see Granting a user permissions to pass
       a role to an Amazon Web Services service .

       To use the services of the SRT and make  an  AssociateDRTRole  request,
       you  must  be subscribed to the Business Support plan or the Enterprise
       Support plan .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-drt-role
          --role-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role the SRT will use  to  ac-
          cess your Amazon Web Services account.

          Prior  to  making  the AssociateDRTRole request, you must attach the
          AWSShieldDRTAccessPolicy managed policy to this role. For  more  in-
          formation see
          `Attaching and Detaching IAM Policies < https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html>`__
           .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To authorize the DRT to mitigate potential attacks on your behalf

       The following associate-drt-role example creates an association between
       the  DRT and the specified role. The DRT can use the role to access and
       manage the account.

          aws shield associate-drt-role \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/DrtRole

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Authorize the DDoS Response Team in  the  AWS
       Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous  hyperlink  mismatch: 1 references but 0 targets.  See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                          ASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()
