CREATE-SUBSCRIPTION()                                    CREATE-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       create-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Activates Shield Advanced for an account.

       NOTE:
          For  accounts  that  are  members  of an Organizations organization,
          Shield Advanced subscriptions are billed against the  organization's
          payer  account,  regardless  of  whether the payer account itself is
          subscribed.

       When you initially create a subscription, your subscription is  set  to
       be  automatically  renewed  at the end of the existing subscription pe-
       riod. You can change this by submitting an UpdateSubscription request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-subscription
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable AWS Shield Advanced protection for an account

       The following create-subscription example enables Shield Advanced  pro-
       tection for the account.

          aws shield create-subscription

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Getting Started with AWS Shield Advanced in
       the AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         CREATE-SUBSCRIPTION()
