DESCRIBE-PROTECTION-GROUP()                        DESCRIBE-PROTECTION-GROUP()



NAME
       describe-protection-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the specification for the specified protection group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-protection-group
          --protection-group-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protection-group-id (string)
          The  name of the protection group. You use this to identify the pro-
          tection group in lists and to manage the protection group, for exam-
          ple to update, delete, or describe it.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ProtectionGroup -> (structure)
          A  grouping  of protected resources that you and Shield Advanced can
          monitor as a collective. This resource grouping improves  the  accu-
          racy of detection and reduces false positives.

          ProtectionGroupId -> (string)
              The  name  of the protection group. You use this to identify the
              protection group in lists and to manage  the  protection  group,
              for example to update, delete, or describe it.

          Aggregation -> (string)
              Defines how Shield combines resource data for the group in order
              to detect, mitigate, and report events.

              o Sum - Use the total traffic across the group. This is  a  good
                choice  for  most cases. Examples include Elastic IP addresses
                for EC2 instances that scale manually or automatically.

              o Mean - Use the average of the traffic across the  group.  This
                is  a  good choice for resources that share traffic uniformly.
                Examples include accelerators and load balancers.

              o Max - Use the highest traffic from each resource. This is use-
                ful  for  resources that don't share traffic and for resources
                that share that traffic in a non-uniform way. Examples include
                Amazon  CloudFront  distributions  and  origin  resources  for
                CloudFront distributions.

          Pattern -> (string)
              The criteria to use to choose the protected resources for inclu-
              sion  in the group. You can include all resources that have pro-
              tections, provide a  list  of  resource  Amazon  Resource  Names
              (ARNs), or include all resources of a specified resource type.

          ResourceType -> (string)
              The  resource  type to include in the protection group. All pro-
              tected resources of this type are  included  in  the  protection
              group.  You  must  set  this  when  you  set  Pattern  to BY_RE-
              SOURCE_TYPE and you must not set it for any other  Pattern  set-
              ting.

          Members -> (list)
              The  Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the resources to include in
              the protection group. You must set this when you set Pattern  to
              ARBITRARY and you must not set it for any other Pattern setting.

              (string)

          ProtectionGroupArn -> (string)
              The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the protection group.



                                                   DESCRIBE-PROTECTION-GROUP()
