DESCRIBE-DRT-ACCESS()                                    DESCRIBE-DRT-ACCESS()



NAME
       describe-drt-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the current role and list of Amazon S3 log buckets used by the
       Shield Response Team (SRT) to access your Amazon Web  Services  account
       while assisting with attack mitigation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-drt-access
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a description of the authorizations the DRT has to mitigate
       attacks on your behalf

       The following describe-drt-access example retrieves  the  role  and  S3
       bucket  authorizations  that  the DRT has, which allow it to respond to
       potential attacks on your behalf.

          aws shield describe-drt-access

       Output:

          {
              "RoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/DrtRole",
              "LogBucketList": [
                  "flow-logs-for-website-lb"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Authorize the DDoS Response Team in  the  AWS
       Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       RoleArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the role the SRT used to access
          your Amazon Web Services account.

       LogBucketList -> (list)
          The list of Amazon S3 buckets accessed by the SRT.

          (string)



                                                         DESCRIBE-DRT-ACCESS()
