DESCRIBE-ATTACK-STATISTICS()                      DESCRIBE-ATTACK-STATISTICS()



NAME
       describe-attack-statistics -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  information  about  the number and type of attacks Shield has
       detected in the last year for all resources that  belong  to  your  ac-
       count,  regardless  of  whether  you've  defined Shield protections for
       them. This operation is available to Shield customers  as  well  as  to
       Shield Advanced customers.

       The operation returns data for the time range of midnight UTC, one year
       ago, to midnight UTC, today.  For  example,  if  the  current  time  is
       2020-10-26  15:39:32  PDT , equal to 2020-10-26 22:39:32 UTC , then the
       time range for the attack data returned is from 2019-10-26 00:00:00 UTC
       to 2020-10-26 00:00:00 UTC .

       The  time  range  indicates the period covered by the attack statistics
       data items.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-attack-statistics
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TimeRange -> (structure)
          The time range.

          FromInclusive -> (timestamp)
              The start time, in Unix time in seconds.

          ToExclusive -> (timestamp)
              The end time, in Unix time in seconds.

       DataItems -> (list)
          The data that describes the attacks detected during the time period.

          (structure)
              A single attack statistics data record. This is returned by  De-
              scribeAttackStatistics  along  with  a time range indicating the
              time period that the attack statistics apply to.

              AttackVolume -> (structure)
                 Information about the volume of attacks during the  time  pe-
                 riod.  If  the accompanying AttackCount is zero, this setting
                 might be empty.

                 BitsPerSecond -> (structure)
                     A statistics object that uses  bits  per  second  as  the
                     unit. This is included for network level attacks.

                     Max -> (double)
                        The maximum attack volume observed for the given unit.

                 PacketsPerSecond -> (structure)
                     A  statistics  object that uses packets per second as the
                     unit. This is included for network level attacks.

                     Max -> (double)
                        The maximum attack volume observed for the given unit.

                 RequestsPerSecond -> (structure)
                     A statistics object that uses requests per second as  the
                     unit. This is included for application level attacks, and
                     is only available for accounts  that  are  subscribed  to
                     Shield Advanced.

                     Max -> (double)
                        The maximum attack volume observed for the given unit.

              AttackCount -> (long)
                 The  number  of attacks detected during the time period. This
                 is always present, but might be zero.



                                                  DESCRIBE-ATTACK-STATISTICS()
