DESCRIBE-PROTECTION()                                    DESCRIBE-PROTECTION()



NAME
       describe-protection -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the details of a  Protection object.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-protection
          [--protection-id <value>]
          [--resource-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protection-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier (ID) for the  Protection object to describe.
          You must provide either the ResourceArn of the protected resource or
          the ProtectionID of the protection, but not both.

       --resource-arn (string)
          The  ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the protected Amazon Web Services
          resource. You must provide either the ResourceArn of  the  protected
          resource or the ProtectionID of the protection, but not both.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the details for an AWS Shield Advanced protection

       The  following  describe-protection  example displays details about the
       Shield Advanced protection with the specified ID. You can  obtain  pro-
       tection IDs by running the list-protections command.

          aws shield describe-protection \
              --protection-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       Output:

          {
              "Protection": {
                  "Id": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
                  "Name": "1.2.3.4",
                  "ResourceArn": "arn:aws:ec2:us-west-2:123456789012:eip-allocation/eipalloc-0ac1537af40742a6d"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Specify Your Resources to Protect in the AWS
       Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Protection -> (structure)
          The  Protection that you requested.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) of the protection.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the protection. For example, My CloudFront distribu-
              tions .

          ResourceArn -> (string)
              The  ARN  (Amazon  Resource Name) of the Amazon Web Services re-
              source that is protected.

          HealthCheckIds -> (list)
              The unique identifier (ID) for the Route 53 health check  that's
              associated with the protection.

              (string)

          ProtectionArn -> (string)
              The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the protection.

          ApplicationLayerAutomaticResponseConfiguration -> (structure)
              The automatic application layer DDoS mitigation settings for the
              protection. This configuration  determines  whether  Shield  Ad-
              vanced  automatically  manages  rules in the web ACL in order to
              respond to application layer events that Shield Advanced  deter-
              mines to be DDoS attacks.

              Status -> (string)
                 Indicates whether automatic application layer DDoS mitigation
                 is enabled for the protection.

              Action -> (structure)
                 Specifies the action setting that Shield Advanced should  use
                 in  the  WAF rules that it creates on behalf of the protected
                 resource in response to DDoS attacks.  You  specify  this  as
                 part of the configuration for the automatic application layer
                 DDoS mitigation feature, when you enable or update  automatic
                 mitigation. Shield Advanced creates the WAF rules in a Shield
                 Advanced-managed rule group, inside the web ACL that you have
                 associated with the resource.

                 Block -> (structure)
                     Specifies  that  Shield Advanced should configure its WAF
                     rules with the WAF Block action.

                     You must specify exactly  one  action,  either  Block  or
                     Count .

                 Count -> (structure)
                     Specifies  that  Shield Advanced should configure its WAF
                     rules with the WAF Count action.

                     You must specify exactly  one  action,  either  Block  or
                     Count .



                                                         DESCRIBE-PROTECTION()
