DISASSOCIATE-HEALTH-CHECK()                        DISASSOCIATE-HEALTH-CHECK()



NAME
       disassociate-health-check -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  health-based detection from the Shield Advanced protection for
       a resource. Shield Advanced health-based detection uses the  health  of
       your  Amazon  Web Services resource to improve responsiveness and accu-
       racy in attack detection and response.

       You define the health check in Route 53 and then associate or  disasso-
       ciate  it  with  your Shield Advanced protection. For more information,
       see Shield Advanced Health-Based Detection in the WAF Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-health-check
          --protection-id <value>
          --health-check-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protection-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) for the  Protection object to remove  the
          health check association from.

       --health-check-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the health check that is associ-
          ated with the protection.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DISASSOCIATE-HEALTH-CHECK()
