DISASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()                                DISASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()



NAME
       disassociate-drt-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the Shield Response Team's (SRT) access to your Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-drt-role
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove the authorization for DRT to mitigate  potential  attacks  on
       your behalf

       The following disassociate-drt-role example removes the association be-
       tween the DRT and the account. After this call, the DRT can  no  longer
       access or manage your account.

          aws shield disassociate-drt-role

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Authorize the DDoS Response Team in the AWS
       Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DISASSOCIATE-DRT-ROLE()
