LIST-PROTECTIONS()                                          LIST-PROTECTIONS()



NAME
       list-protections -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all  Protection objects for the account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-protections  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Protections

SYNOPSIS
            list-protections
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve protection summaries from AWS Shield Advanced

       The  following list-protections example retrieves summaries of the pro-
       tections that are enabled for the account.

          aws shield list-protections

       Output:

          {
              "Protections": [
                  {
                      "Id": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
                      "Name": "Protection for CloudFront distribution",
                      "ResourceArn": "arn:aws:cloudfront::123456789012:distribution/E198WC25FXOWY8"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Specify Your Resources to Protect in the  AWS
       Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Protections -> (list)
          The array of enabled  Protection objects.

          (structure)
              An  object that represents a resource that is under DDoS protec-
              tion.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) of the protection.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the protection. For example, My  CloudFront  dis-
                 tributions .

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the Amazon Web Services re-
                 source that is protected.

              HealthCheckIds -> (list)
                 The unique identifier (ID) for  the  Route  53  health  check
                 that's associated with the protection.

                 (string)

              ProtectionArn -> (string)
                 The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the protection.

              ApplicationLayerAutomaticResponseConfiguration -> (structure)
                 The  automatic application layer DDoS mitigation settings for
                 the protection. This configuration determines whether  Shield
                 Advanced  automatically manages rules in the web ACL in order
                 to respond to application layer events that  Shield  Advanced
                 determines to be DDoS attacks.

                 Status -> (string)
                     Indicates  whether automatic application layer DDoS miti-
                     gation is enabled for the protection.

                 Action -> (structure)
                     Specifies the action setting that Shield Advanced  should
                     use  in  the  WAF  rules that it creates on behalf of the
                     protected resource in response to DDoS attacks. You spec-
                     ify  this  as part of the configuration for the automatic
                     application layer DDoS mitigation feature, when  you  en-
                     able or update automatic mitigation. Shield Advanced cre-
                     ates the WAF rules  in  a  Shield  Advanced-managed  rule
                     group,  inside  the web ACL that you have associated with
                     the resource.

                     Block -> (structure)
                        Specifies that Shield Advanced  should  configure  its
                        WAF rules with the WAF Block action.

                        You  must  specify exactly one action, either Block or
                        Count .

                     Count -> (structure)
                        Specifies that Shield Advanced  should  configure  its
                        WAF rules with the WAF Count action.

                        You  must  specify exactly one action, either Block or
                        Count .

       NextToken -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects from Shield Advanced, if the  re-
          sponse  does  not  include  all  of the remaining available objects,
          Shield Advanced includes a NextToken value in the response. You  can
          retrieve  the next batch of objects by requesting the list again and
          providing the token that was returned by the prior call in your  re-
          quest.

          You  can indicate the maximum number of objects that you want Shield
          Advanced to return for a single call with  the  MaxResults  setting.
          Shield  Advanced  will  not return more than MaxResults objects, but
          may return fewer, even if more objects are still available.

          Whenever more objects remain that Shield Advanced has  not  yet  re-
          turned to you, the response will include a NextToken value.



                                                            LIST-PROTECTIONS()
