LIST-RESOURCES-IN-PROTECTION-GROUP()      LIST-RESOURCES-IN-PROTECTION-GROUP()



NAME
       list-resources-in-protection-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the resources that are included in the protection group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-resources-in-protection-group
          --protection-group-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protection-group-id (string)
          The  name of the protection group. You use this to identify the pro-
          tection group in lists and to manage the protection group, for exam-
          ple to update, delete, or describe it.

       --next-token (string)
          When  you request a list of objects from Shield Advanced, if the re-
          sponse does not include all  of  the  remaining  available  objects,
          Shield  Advanced includes a NextToken value in the response. You can
          retrieve the next batch of objects by requesting the list again  and
          providing  the token that was returned by the prior call in your re-
          quest.

          You can indicate the maximum number of objects that you want  Shield
          Advanced  to  return  for a single call with the MaxResults setting.
          Shield Advanced will not return more than  MaxResults  objects,  but
          may return fewer, even if more objects are still available.

          Whenever  more  objects  remain that Shield Advanced has not yet re-
          turned to you, the response will include a NextToken value.

          On your first call to a list operation, leave this setting empty.

       --max-results (integer)
          The greatest number of objects that you want Shield Advanced to  re-
          turn to the list request. Shield Advanced might return fewer objects
          than you indicate in this setting, even if more objects  are  avail-
          able.  If there are more objects remaining, Shield Advanced will al-
          ways also return a NextToken value in the response.

          The default setting is 20.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceArns -> (list)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the resources that are  included
          in the protection group.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          When  you request a list of objects from Shield Advanced, if the re-
          sponse does not include all  of  the  remaining  available  objects,
          Shield  Advanced includes a NextToken value in the response. You can
          retrieve the next batch of objects by requesting the list again  and
          providing  the token that was returned by the prior call in your re-
          quest.

          You can indicate the maximum number of objects that you want  Shield
          Advanced  to  return  for a single call with the MaxResults setting.
          Shield Advanced will not return more than  MaxResults  objects,  but
          may return fewer, even if more objects are still available.

          Whenever  more  objects  remain that Shield Advanced has not yet re-
          turned to you, the response will include a NextToken value.



                                          LIST-RESOURCES-IN-PROTECTION-GROUP()
