LIST-PROTECTION-GROUPS()                              LIST-PROTECTION-GROUPS()



NAME
       list-protection-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the  ProtectionGroup objects for the account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-protection-groups
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          When  you request a list of objects from Shield Advanced, if the re-
          sponse does not include all  of  the  remaining  available  objects,
          Shield  Advanced includes a NextToken value in the response. You can
          retrieve the next batch of objects by requesting the list again  and
          providing  the token that was returned by the prior call in your re-
          quest.

          You can indicate the maximum number of objects that you want  Shield
          Advanced  to  return  for a single call with the MaxResults setting.
          Shield Advanced will not return more than  MaxResults  objects,  but
          may return fewer, even if more objects are still available.

          Whenever  more  objects  remain that Shield Advanced has not yet re-
          turned to you, the response will include a NextToken value.

          On your first call to a list operation, leave this setting empty.

       --max-results (integer)
          The greatest number of objects that you want Shield Advanced to  re-
          turn to the list request. Shield Advanced might return fewer objects
          than you indicate in this setting, even if more objects  are  avail-
          able.  If there are more objects remaining, Shield Advanced will al-
          ways also return a NextToken value in the response.

          The default setting is 20.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ProtectionGroups -> (list)
          (structure)
              A grouping of protected resources that you and  Shield  Advanced
              can monitor as a collective. This resource grouping improves the
              accuracy of detection and reduces false positives.

              ProtectionGroupId -> (string)
                 The name of the protection group. You use  this  to  identify
                 the  protection  group  in lists and to manage the protection
                 group, for example to update, delete, or describe it.

              Aggregation -> (string)
                 Defines how Shield combines resource data for  the  group  in
                 order to detect, mitigate, and report events.

                 o Sum  -  Use  the  total traffic across the group. This is a
                   good choice for most cases. Examples include Elastic IP ad-
                   dresses  for EC2 instances that scale manually or automati-
                   cally.

                 o Mean - Use the average of the  traffic  across  the  group.
                   This is a good choice for resources that share traffic uni-
                   formly. Examples include accelerators and load balancers.

                 o Max - Use the highest traffic from each resource.  This  is
                   useful  for  resources that don't share traffic and for re-
                   sources that share that traffic in a non-uniform way. Exam-
                   ples include Amazon CloudFront distributions and origin re-
                   sources for CloudFront distributions.

              Pattern -> (string)
                 The criteria to use to choose the protected resources for in-
                 clusion in the group. You can include all resources that have
                 protections, provide a list of resource Amazon Resource Names
                 (ARNs),  or  include  all  resources  of a specified resource
                 type.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The resource type to include in  the  protection  group.  All
                 protected  resources of this type are included in the protec-
                 tion group. You must set this when you set Pattern to  BY_RE-
                 SOURCE_TYPE  and  you  must  not set it for any other Pattern
                 setting.

              Members -> (list)
                 The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the resources to  include
                 in  the protection group. You must set this when you set Pat-
                 tern to ARBITRARY and you must not set it for any other  Pat-
                 tern setting.

                 (string)

              ProtectionGroupArn -> (string)
                 The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the protection group.

       NextToken -> (string)
          When  you request a list of objects from Shield Advanced, if the re-
          sponse does not include all  of  the  remaining  available  objects,
          Shield  Advanced includes a NextToken value in the response. You can
          retrieve the next batch of objects by requesting the list again  and
          providing  the token that was returned by the prior call in your re-
          quest.

          You can indicate the maximum number of objects that you want  Shield
          Advanced  to  return  for a single call with the MaxResults setting.
          Shield Advanced will not return more than  MaxResults  objects,  but
          may return fewer, even if more objects are still available.

          Whenever  more  objects  remain that Shield Advanced has not yet re-
          turned to you, the response will include a NextToken value.



                                                      LIST-PROTECTION-GROUPS()
