LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information about Amazon Web Services tags for a specified Amazon
       Resource Name (ARN) in Shield.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to get tags for.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tag key and value pairs associated with the specified  re-
          source.

          (structure)
              A  tag associated with an Amazon Web Services resource. Tags are
              key:value pairs that you can use to categorize and  manage  your
              resources,  for purposes like billing or other management. Typi-
              cally, the tag key represents a category, such as "environment",
              and  the tag value represents a specific value within that cate-
              gory, such as "test," "development,"  or  "production".  Or  you
              might  set  the  tag key to "customer" and the value to the cus-
              tomer name or ID. You can specify one or more  tags  to  add  to
              each Amazon Web Services resource, up to 50 tags for a resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag key to describe a category of information, such as  "cus-
                 tomer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 Part  of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use a
                 tag value to describe a specific  value  within  a  category,
                 such  as "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values are case-sensi-
                 tive.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
