UPDATE-EMERGENCY-CONTACT-SETTINGS()        UPDATE-EMERGENCY-CONTACT-SETTINGS()



NAME
       update-emergency-contact-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  details  of the list of email addresses and phone numbers
       that the Shield Response Team (SRT) can use to contact you if you  have
       proactive  engagement enabled, for escalations to the SRT and to initi-
       ate proactive customer support.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-emergency-contact-settings
          [--emergency-contact-list <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --emergency-contact-list (list)
          A list of email addresses and phone numbers that the Shield Response
          Team  (SRT)  can use to contact you if you have proactive engagement
          enabled, for escalations to the SRT and to initiate  proactive  cus-
          tomer support.

          If  you have proactive engagement enabled, the contact list must in-
          clude at least one phone number.

          (structure)
              Contact information that the SRT can use to contact you  if  you
              have  proactive  engagement  enabled, for escalations to the SRT
              and to initiate proactive customer support.

              EmailAddress -> (string)
                 The email address for the contact.

              PhoneNumber -> (string)
                 The phone number for the contact.

              ContactNotes -> (string)
                 Additional notes regarding the contact.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          EmailAddress=string,PhoneNumber=string,ContactNotes=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "EmailAddress": "string",
              "PhoneNumber": "string",
              "ContactNotes": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To define the emergency e-mail addresses that are on file with the DRT

       The  following  update-emergency-contact-settings  example  defines two
       e-mail addresses that the DRT should contact when it's responding to  a
       suspected attack.

          aws shield update-emergency-contact-settings \
                  --emergency-contact-list EmailAddress=ops@example.com EmailAddress=ddos-notifications@example.com

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see How AWS Shield Works in the AWS Shield Ad-
       vanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           UPDATE-EMERGENCY-CONTACT-SETTINGS()
