UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTION()                                    UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       update-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the details of an existing subscription. Only enter values for
       parameters you want to change. Empty parameters are not updated.

       NOTE:
          For accounts that are  members  of  an  Organizations  organization,
          Shield  Advanced subscriptions are billed against the organization's
          payer account, regardless of whether the  payer  account  itself  is
          subscribed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-subscription
          [--auto-renew <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-renew (string)
          When you initally create a subscription, AutoRenew is set to ENABLED
          . If ENABLED , the subscription will be automatically renewed at the
          end of the existing subscription period. You can change this by sub-
          mitting an UpdateSubscription request. If the UpdateSubscription re-
          quest  does  not included a value for AutoRenew , the existing value
          for AutoRenew remains unchanged.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

          o DISABLED

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To modify the account's AWS Shield Advanced subscription

       The following update-subscription example enables auto-renewal  of  the
       AWS Shield Advanced subscription for the account.

          aws shield update-subscription \
              --auto-renew ENABLED

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see How AWS Shield Works in the AWS Shield Ad-
       vanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTION()
