PROJECT-VERSION-TRAINING-COMPLETED()      PROJECT-VERSION-TRAINING-COMPLETED()



NAME
       project-version-training-completed -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  the  ProjectVersion training completes. It will poll every
       120 seconds until a successful state has been reached. This  will  exit
       with a return code of 255 after 360 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       project-version-training-completed  is  a paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: ProjectVersionDescriptions

SYNOPSIS
            project-version-training-completed
          --project-arn <value>
          [--version-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the project that contains the mod-
          els you want to describe.

       --version-names (list)
          A list of model version names that you want to describe. You can add
          up to 10 model version names to the list. If  you  don't  specify  a
          value,  all  model descriptions are returned. A version name is part
          of    a     model     (ProjectVersion)     ARN.     For     example,
          my-model.2020-01-21T09.10.15  is  the  version name in the following
          ARN.         arn:aws:rekognition:us-east-1:123456789012:project/get-
          ting-started/version/*my-model.2020-01-21T09.10.15* /1234567890123 .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          PROJECT-VERSION-TRAINING-COMPLETED()
