ASSOCIATE-SUBNETS()                                        ASSOCIATE-SUBNETS()



NAME
       associate-subnets -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates the specified subnets in the Amazon VPC to the firewall. You
       can specify one subnet for each of the Availability Zones that the  VPC
       spans.

       This  request creates an AWS Network Firewall firewall endpoint in each
       of the subnets. To enable the firewall's  protections,  you  must  also
       modify  the  VPC's route tables for each subnet's Availability Zone, to
       redirect the traffic that's coming into  and  going  out  of  the  zone
       through the firewall endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-subnets
          [--update-token <value>]
          [--firewall-arn <value>]
          [--firewall-name <value>]
          --subnet-mappings <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --update-token (string)
          An  optional  token that you can use for optimistic locking. Network
          Firewall returns a token to your requests that access the  firewall.
          The  token  marks  the state of the firewall resource at the time of
          the request.

          To make an unconditional change to the firewall, omit the  token  in
          your  update  request.  Without the token, Network Firewall performs
          your updates regardless of whether the firewall  has  changed  since
          you last retrieved it.

          To  make  a conditional change to the firewall, provide the token in
          your update request. Network Firewall uses the token to ensure  that
          the  firewall  hasn't changed since you last retrieved it. If it has
          changed, the operation fails with an InvalidTokenException . If this
          happens,  retrieve  the  firewall  again to get a current copy of it
          with a new token. Reapply your changes as needed, then try the oper-
          ation again using the new token.

       --firewall-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --firewall-name (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --subnet-mappings (list)
          The IDs of the subnets that you want to associate with the firewall.

          (structure)
              The ID for a subnet that you want to associate  with  the  fire-
              wall.  This is used with  CreateFirewall and  AssociateSubnets .
              AWS Network Firewall creates an instance of the associated fire-
              wall  in  each subnet that you specify, to filter traffic in the
              subnet's Availability Zone.

              SubnetId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the subnet.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          SubnetId=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "SubnetId": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FirewallArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

       FirewallName -> (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

       SubnetMappings -> (list)
          The IDs of the subnets that are associated with the firewall.

          (structure)
              The ID for a subnet that you want to associate  with  the  fire-
              wall.  This is used with  CreateFirewall and  AssociateSubnets .
              AWS Network Firewall creates an instance of the associated fire-
              wall  in  each subnet that you specify, to filter traffic in the
              subnet's Availability Zone.

              SubnetId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the subnet.

       UpdateToken -> (string)
          An optional token that you can use for optimistic  locking.  Network
          Firewall  returns a token to your requests that access the firewall.
          The token marks the state of the firewall resource at  the  time  of
          the request.

          To  make  an unconditional change to the firewall, omit the token in
          your update request. Without the token,  Network  Firewall  performs
          your  updates  regardless  of whether the firewall has changed since
          you last retrieved it.

          To make a conditional change to the firewall, provide the  token  in
          your  update request. Network Firewall uses the token to ensure that
          the firewall hasn't changed since you last retrieved it. If  it  has
          changed, the operation fails with an InvalidTokenException . If this
          happens, retrieve the firewall again to get a  current  copy  of  it
          with a new token. Reapply your changes as needed, then try the oper-
          ation again using the new token.



                                                           ASSOCIATE-SUBNETS()
