CREATE-FIREWALL()                                            CREATE-FIREWALL()



NAME
       create-firewall -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an Network Firewall  Firewall and accompanying  FirewallStatus
       for a VPC.

       The firewall defines the configuration settings for an Network Firewall
       firewall.  The  settings  that  you  can define at creation include the
       firewall policy, the subnets in your VPC to use for the  firewall  end-
       points,  and any tags that are attached to the firewall Amazon Web Ser-
       vices resource.

       After you create a firewall, you can provide additional settings,  like
       the logging configuration.

       To  update the settings for a firewall, you use the operations that ap-
       ply to the settings themselves, for example  UpdateLoggingConfiguration
       ,  AssociateSubnets , and  UpdateFirewallDeleteProtection .

       To  manage  a firewall's tags, use the standard Amazon Web Services re-
       source tagging operations,  ListTagsForResource ,   TagResource  ,  and
       UntagResource .

       To  retrieve  information  about firewalls, use  ListFirewalls and  De-
       scribeFirewall .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-firewall
          --firewall-name <value>
          --firewall-policy-arn <value>
          --vpc-id <value>
          --subnet-mappings <value>
          [--delete-protection | --no-delete-protection]
          [--subnet-change-protection | --no-subnet-change-protection]
          [--firewall-policy-change-protection | --no-firewall-policy-change-protection]
          [--description <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--encryption-configuration <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --firewall-name (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

       --firewall-policy-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  FirewallPolicy that you want
          to use for the firewall.

       --vpc-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the VPC where Network Firewall should  cre-
          ate the firewall.

          You can't change this setting after you create the firewall.

       --subnet-mappings (list)
          The  public subnets to use for your Network Firewall firewalls. Each
          subnet must belong to a different Availability Zone in the VPC. Net-
          work Firewall creates a firewall endpoint in each subnet.

          (structure)
              The  ID  for  a subnet that you want to associate with the fire-
              wall. This is used with  CreateFirewall and  AssociateSubnets  .
              Network  Firewall creates an instance of the associated firewall
              in each subnet that you specify, to filter traffic in  the  sub-
              net's Availability Zone.

              SubnetId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the subnet.

              IPAddressType -> (string)
                 The subnet's IP address type. You can't change the IP address
                 type after you create the subnet.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          SubnetId=string,IPAddressType=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "SubnetId": "string",
              "IPAddressType": "DUALSTACK"|"IPV4"|"IPV6"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --delete-protection | --no-delete-protection (boolean)
          A flag indicating whether it is possible to delete the  firewall.  A
          setting  of  TRUE  indicates  that the firewall is protected against
          deletion. Use this setting to protect against accidentally  deleting
          a firewall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the operation
          initializes this flag to TRUE .

       --subnet-change-protection | --no-subnet-change-protection (boolean)
          A setting indicating  whether  the  firewall  is  protected  against
          changes  to  the  subnet  associations.  Use this setting to protect
          against accidentally modifying the subnet associations for  a  fire-
          wall  that is in use. When you create a firewall, the operation ini-
          tializes this setting to TRUE .

       --firewall-policy-change-protection |  --no-firewall-policy-change-pro-
       tection (boolean)
          A  setting  indicating  whether  the firewall is protected against a
          change to the firewall policy association. Use this setting to  pro-
          tect  against accidentally modifying the firewall policy for a fire-
          wall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the operation  ini-
          tializes this setting to TRUE .

       --description (string)
          A description of the firewall.

       --tags (list)
          The key:value pairs to associate with the resource.

          (structure)
              A  key:value  pair  associated  with  an Amazon Web Services re-
              source. The key:value pair can be  anything  you  define.  Typi-
              cally, the tag key represents a category (such as "environment")
              and the tag value represents a specific value within that  cate-
              gory  (such  as "test," "development," or "production"). You can
              add up to 50 tags to each Amazon Web Services resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The part of the key:value pair that defines a  tag.  You  can
                 use  a tag key to describe a category of information, such as
                 "customer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 The part of the key:value pair that defines a  tag.  You  can
                 use  a  tag value to describe a specific value within a cate-
                 gory, such  as  "companyA"  or  "companyB."  Tag  values  are
                 case-sensitive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --encryption-configuration (structure)
          A  complex  type that contains settings for encryption of your fire-
          wall resources.

          KeyId -> (string)
              The ID of the Amazon Web Services Key Management  Service  (KMS)
              customer  managed  key.  You  can use any of the key identifiers
              that KMS supports, unless you're using a key that's  managed  by
              another  account.  If  you're using a key managed by another ac-
              count, then specify the key ARN. For more information,  see  Key
              ID in the Amazon Web Services KMS Developer Guide .

          Type -> (string)
              The type of Amazon Web Services KMS key to use for encryption of
              your Network Firewall resources.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyId=string,Type=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "KeyId": "string",
            "Type": "CUSTOMER_KMS"|"AWS_OWNED_KMS_KEY"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable  automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       Firewall -> (structure)
          The configuration settings for the firewall. These settings  include
          the firewall policy and the subnets in your VPC to use for the fire-
          wall endpoints.

          FirewallName -> (string)
              The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the  name
              of a firewall after you create it.

          FirewallArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

          FirewallPolicyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall policy.

              The  relationship of firewall to firewall policy is many to one.
              Each firewall requires one firewall policy association, and  you
              can use the same firewall policy for multiple firewalls.

          VpcId -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the VPC where the firewall is in use.

          SubnetMappings -> (list)
              The  public subnets that Network Firewall is using for the fire-
              wall. Each subnet must belong to a different Availability Zone.

              (structure)
                 The ID for a subnet that you want to associate with the fire-
                 wall. This is used with  CreateFirewall and  AssociateSubnets
                 . Network Firewall creates  an  instance  of  the  associated
                 firewall  in  each subnet that you specify, to filter traffic
                 in the subnet's Availability Zone.

                 SubnetId -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the subnet.

                 IPAddressType -> (string)
                     The subnet's IP address type. You can't change the IP ad-
                     dress type after you create the subnet.

          DeleteProtection -> (boolean)
              A flag indicating whether it is possible to delete the firewall.
              A setting of TRUE  indicates  that  the  firewall  is  protected
              against  deletion.  Use this setting to protect against acciden-
              tally deleting a firewall that is in  use.  When  you  create  a
              firewall, the operation initializes this flag to TRUE .

          SubnetChangeProtection -> (boolean)
              A  setting  indicating whether the firewall is protected against
              changes to the subnet associations. Use this setting to  protect
              against  accidentally  modifying  the  subnet associations for a
              firewall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the  opera-
              tion initializes this setting to TRUE .

          FirewallPolicyChangeProtection -> (boolean)
              A setting indicating whether the firewall is protected against a
              change to the firewall policy association. Use this  setting  to
              protect against accidentally modifying the firewall policy for a
              firewall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the  opera-
              tion initializes this setting to TRUE .

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the firewall.

          FirewallId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the firewall.

          Tags -> (list)
              (structure)
                 A  key:value  pair associated with an Amazon Web Services re-
                 source. The key:value pair can be anything you define.  Typi-
                 cally,  the  tag key represents a category (such as "environ-
                 ment") and the tag value represents a specific  value  within
                 that  category  (such  as  "test," "development," or "produc-
                 tion"). You can add up to 50 tags to each Amazon Web Services
                 resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You
                     can use a tag key to describe a category of  information,
                     such as "customer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You
                     can use a tag value to describe a specific value within a
                     category,  such  as  "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values
                     are case-sensitive.

          EncryptionConfiguration -> (structure)
              A complex type that contains the Amazon Web Services KMS encryp-
              tion configuration settings for your firewall.

              KeyId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of  the  Amazon  Web Services Key Management Service
                 (KMS) customer managed key. You can use any of the key  iden-
                 tifiers  that  KMS supports, unless you're using a key that's
                 managed by another account. If you're using a key managed  by
                 another  account, then specify the key ARN. For more informa-
                 tion, see Key ID in the Amazon  Web  Services  KMS  Developer
                 Guide .

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of Amazon Web Services KMS key to use for encryption
                 of your Network Firewall resources.

       FirewallStatus -> (structure)
          Detailed information about the current status of a  Firewall  .  You
          can  retrieve  this  for a firewall by calling  DescribeFirewall and
          providing the firewall name and ARN.

          Status -> (string)
              The readiness of the configured firewall to handle network traf-
              fic across all of the Availability Zones where you've configured
              it. This setting is READY only when the  ConfigurationSyncState-
              Summary  value  is IN_SYNC and the Attachment  Status values for
              all of the configured subnets are READY .

          ConfigurationSyncStateSummary -> (string)
              The configuration sync state for the firewall.  This  summarizes
              the  sync  states reported in the Config settings for all of the
              Availability Zones where you have configured the firewall.

              When you create a firewall or update its configuration, for  ex-
              ample  by  adding  a  rule group to its firewall policy, Network
              Firewall distributes the  configuration  changes  to  all  zones
              where the firewall is in use. This summary indicates whether the
              configuration changes have been applied everywhere.

              This status must be IN_SYNC for the firewall  to  be  ready  for
              use,  but  it  doesn't  indicate that the firewall is ready. The
              Status setting indicates firewall readiness.

          SyncStates -> (map)
              The subnets that you've configured for use by the Network  Fire-
              wall  firewall. This contains one array element per Availability
              Zone where you've configured a subnet. These objects provide de-
              tails  of  the  information that is summarized in the Configura-
              tionSyncStateSummary and Status , broken down by zone  and  con-
              figuration object.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 The  status of the firewall endpoint and firewall policy con-
                 figuration for a single VPC subnet.

                 For each VPC subnet that you associate with a firewall,  Net-
                 work Firewall does the following:

                 o Instantiates  a  firewall  endpoint in the subnet, ready to
                   take traffic.

                 o Configures the endpoint with the  current  firewall  policy
                   settings,  to  provide  the filtering behavior for the end-
                   point.

                 When you update a firewall, for example to add a subnet asso-
                 ciation  or  change  a rule group in the firewall policy, the
                 affected sync states reflect out-of-sync or not ready  status
                 until the changes are complete.

                 Attachment -> (structure)
                     The  attachment status of the firewall's association with
                     a single VPC subnet. For each configured subnet,  Network
                     Firewall  creates  the  attachment  by  instantiating the
                     firewall endpoint in the subnet so  that  it's  ready  to
                     take traffic. This is part of the  FirewallStatus .

                     SubnetId -> (string)
                        The unique identifier of the subnet that you've speci-
                        fied to be used for a firewall endpoint.

                     EndpointId -> (string)
                        The identifier of the firewall endpoint  that  Network
                        Firewall  has instantiated in the subnet. You use this
                        to identify the firewall endpoint in the VPC route ta-
                        bles,  when  you  redirect the VPC traffic through the
                        endpoint.

                     Status -> (string)
                        The current status of the  firewall  endpoint  in  the
                        subnet.  This value reflects both the instantiation of
                        the endpoint in the VPC subnet  and  the  sync  states
                        that  are  reported  in the Config settings. When this
                        value is READY , the endpoint is available and config-
                        ured properly to handle network traffic. When the end-
                        point isn't available for traffic, this value will re-
                        flect its state, for example CREATING or DELETING .

                     StatusMessage -> (string)
                        If  Network  Firewall  fails  to  create or delete the
                        firewall endpoint in the  subnet,  it  populates  this
                        with  the  reason  for the error or failure and how to
                        resolve it. A FAILED status indicates  a  non-recover-
                        able state, and a ERROR status indicates an issue that
                        you can fix. Depending on the error, it  can  take  as
                        many  as  15  minutes to populate this field. For more
                        information about the causes for  failiure  or  errors
                        and   solutions   available   for   this   field,  see
                        Troubleshooting firewall endpoint failures in the Net-
                        work Firewall Developer Guide .

                 Config -> (map)
                     The  configuration  status  of the firewall endpoint in a
                     single VPC subnet. Network Firewall  provides  each  end-
                     point  with the rules that are configured in the firewall
                     policy. Each time you add a subnet or modify the  associ-
                     ated  firewall  policy, Network Firewall synchronizes the
                     rules in the endpoint, so it can properly filter  network
                     traffic. This is part of the  FirewallStatus .

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        Provides  configuration  status for a single policy or
                        rule group that is used for a firewall endpoint.  Net-
                        work  Firewall  provides  each endpoint with the rules
                        that are configured in the firewall policy. Each  time
                        you  add  a  subnet  or modify the associated firewall
                        policy, Network Firewall synchronizes the rules in the
                        endpoint,  so  it can properly filter network traffic.
                        This is part of a  SyncState for a firewall.

                        SyncStatus -> (string)
                            Indicates whether this object is in sync with  the
                            version indicated in the update token.

                        UpdateToken -> (string)
                            The  current  version of the object that is either
                            in sync or pending synchronization.

          CapacityUsageSummary -> (structure)
              Describes the capacity usage of the  resources  contained  in  a
              firewall's  reference sets. Network Firewall calclulates the ca-
              pacity usage by taking an aggregated count of  all  of  the  re-
              sources used by all of the reference sets in a firewall.

              CIDRs -> (structure)
                 Describes  the  capacity usage of the CIDR blocks used by the
                 IP set references in a firewall.

                 AvailableCIDRCount -> (integer)
                     The number of CIDR blocks available for use by the IP set
                     references in a firewall.

                 UtilizedCIDRCount -> (integer)
                     The  number  of CIDR blocks used by the IP set references
                     in a firewall.

                 IPSetReferences -> (map)
                     The list of the IP set references used by a firewall.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        General information about the IP set.

                        ResolvedCIDRCount -> (integer)
                            Describes the total number  of  CIDR  blocks  cur-
                            rently  in use by the IP set references in a fire-
                            wall. To determine how many CIDR blocks are avail-
                            able  for  you  to use in a firewall, you can call
                            AvailableCIDRCount .



                                                             CREATE-FIREWALL()
