DESCRIBE-RULE-GROUP-METADATA()                  DESCRIBE-RULE-GROUP-METADATA()



NAME
       describe-rule-group-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       High-level  information about a rule group, returned by operations like
       create and describe. You can use the information provided in the  meta-
       data  to retrieve and manage a rule group. You can retrieve all objects
       for a rule group by calling  DescribeRuleGroup .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-rule-group-metadata
          [--rule-group-name <value>]
          [--rule-group-arn <value>]
          [--type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-group-name (string)
          The descriptive name of the rule group. You can't change the name of
          a rule group after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --rule-group-arn (string)
          The descriptive name of the rule group. You can't change the name of
          a rule group after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --type (string)
          Indicates whether the rule group is stateless or  stateful.  If  the
          rule  group  is  stateless,  it  contains  stateless rules. If it is
          stateful, it contains stateful rules.

          NOTE:
              This setting is required for requests that do  not  include  the
              RuleGroupARN .

          Possible values:

          o STATELESS

          o STATEFUL

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RuleGroupArn -> (string)
          The descriptive name of the rule group. You can't change the name of
          a rule group after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       RuleGroupName -> (string)
          The descriptive name of the rule group. You can't change the name of
          a rule group after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       Description -> (string)
          Returns the metadata objects for the specified rule group.

       Type -> (string)
          Indicates  whether  the  rule group is stateless or stateful. If the
          rule group is stateless, it  contains  stateless  rules.  If  it  is
          stateful, it contains stateful rules.

          NOTE:
              This  setting  is  required for requests that do not include the
              RuleGroupARN .

       Capacity -> (integer)
          The maximum operating resources that this rule group can  use.  Rule
          group  capacity  is fixed at creation. When you update a rule group,
          you are limited to this capacity. When you reference  a  rule  group
          from  a firewall policy, Network Firewall reserves this capacity for
          the rule group.

          You can retrieve the capacity that would  be  required  for  a  rule
          group  before  you create the rule group by calling  CreateRuleGroup
          with DryRun set to TRUE .

       StatefulRuleOptions -> (structure)
          Additional options governing how Network Firewall handles  the  rule
          group. You can only use these for stateful rule groups.

          RuleOrder -> (string)
              Indicates how to manage the order of the rule evaluation for the
              rule group. DEFAULT_ACTION_ORDER is the default behavior. State-
              ful rules are provided to the rule engine as Suricata compatible
              strings, and Suricata evaluates them based on certain  settings.
              For more information, see Evaluation order for stateful rules in
              the AWS Network Firewall Developer Guide .



                                                DESCRIBE-RULE-GROUP-METADATA()
