DESCRIBE-FIREWALL()                                        DESCRIBE-FIREWALL()



NAME
       describe-firewall -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the data objects for the specified firewall.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-firewall
          [--firewall-name <value>]
          [--firewall-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --firewall-name (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --firewall-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpdateToken -> (string)
          An  optional  token that you can use for optimistic locking. Network
          Firewall returns a token to your requests that access the  firewall.
          The  token  marks  the state of the firewall resource at the time of
          the request.

          To make an unconditional change to the firewall, omit the  token  in
          your  update  request.  Without the token, Network Firewall performs
          your updates regardless of whether the firewall  has  changed  since
          you last retrieved it.

          To  make  a conditional change to the firewall, provide the token in
          your update request. Network Firewall uses the token to ensure  that
          the  firewall  hasn't changed since you last retrieved it. If it has
          changed, the operation fails with an InvalidTokenException . If this
          happens,  retrieve  the  firewall  again to get a current copy of it
          with a new token. Reapply your changes as needed, then try the oper-
          ation again using the new token.

       Firewall -> (structure)
          The  configuration settings for the firewall. These settings include
          the firewall policy and the subnets in your VPC to use for the fire-
          wall endpoints.

          FirewallName -> (string)
              The  descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name
              of a firewall after you create it.

          FirewallArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

          FirewallPolicyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall policy.

              The relationship of firewall to firewall policy is many to  one.
              Each  firewall requires one firewall policy association, and you
              can use the same firewall policy for multiple firewalls.

          VpcId -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the VPC where the firewall is in use.

          SubnetMappings -> (list)
              The public subnets that Network Firewall is using for the  fire-
              wall. Each subnet must belong to a different Availability Zone.

              (structure)
                 The ID for a subnet that you want to associate with the fire-
                 wall. This is used with  CreateFirewall and  AssociateSubnets
                 .  Network  Firewall  creates  an  instance of the associated
                 firewall in each subnet that you specify, to  filter  traffic
                 in the subnet's Availability Zone.

                 SubnetId -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the subnet.

          DeleteProtection -> (boolean)
              A flag indicating whether it is possible to delete the firewall.
              A setting of TRUE  indicates  that  the  firewall  is  protected
              against  deletion.  Use this setting to protect against acciden-
              tally deleting a firewall that is in  use.  When  you  create  a
              firewall, the operation initializes this flag to TRUE .

          SubnetChangeProtection -> (boolean)
              A  setting  indicating whether the firewall is protected against
              changes to the subnet associations. Use this setting to  protect
              against  accidentally  modifying  the  subnet associations for a
              firewall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the  opera-
              tion initializes this setting to TRUE .

          FirewallPolicyChangeProtection -> (boolean)
              A setting indicating whether the firewall is protected against a
              change to the firewall policy association. Use this  setting  to
              protect against accidentally modifying the firewall policy for a
              firewall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the  opera-
              tion initializes this setting to TRUE .

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the firewall.

          FirewallId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the firewall.

          Tags -> (list)
              (structure)
                 A  key:value  pair associated with an Amazon Web Services re-
                 source. The key:value pair can be anything you define.  Typi-
                 cally,  the  tag key represents a category (such as "environ-
                 ment") and the tag value represents a specific  value  within
                 that  category  (such  as  "test," "development," or "produc-
                 tion"). You can add up to 50 tags to each Amazon Web Services
                 resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You
                     can use a tag key to describe a category of  information,
                     such as "customer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You
                     can use a tag value to describe a specific value within a
                     category,  such  as  "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values
                     are case-sensitive.

          EncryptionConfiguration -> (structure)
              A complex type that contains the Amazon Web Services KMS encryp-
              tion configuration settings for your firewall.

              KeyId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of  the  Amazon  Web Services Key Management Service
                 (KMS) customer managed key. You can use any of the key  iden-
                 tifiers  that  KMS supports, unless you're using a key that's
                 managed by another account. If you're using a key managed  by
                 another  account, then specify the key ARN. For more informa-
                 tion, see Key ID in the Amazon  Web  Services  KMS  Developer
                 Guide .

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of Amazon Web Services KMS key to use for encryption
                 of your Network Firewall resources.

       FirewallStatus -> (structure)
          Detailed information about the current status of a  Firewall  .  You
          can  retrieve  this  for a firewall by calling  DescribeFirewall and
          providing the firewall name and ARN.

          Status -> (string)
              The readiness of the configured firewall to handle network traf-
              fic across all of the Availability Zones where you've configured
              it. This setting is READY only when the  ConfigurationSyncState-
              Summary  value  is IN_SYNC and the Attachment  Status values for
              all of the configured subnets are READY .

          ConfigurationSyncStateSummary -> (string)
              The configuration sync state for the firewall.  This  summarizes
              the  sync  states reported in the Config settings for all of the
              Availability Zones where you have configured the firewall.

              When you create a firewall or update its configuration, for  ex-
              ample  by  adding  a  rule group to its firewall policy, Network
              Firewall distributes the  configuration  changes  to  all  zones
              where the firewall is in use. This summary indicates whether the
              configuration changes have been applied everywhere.

              This status must be IN_SYNC for the firewall  to  be  ready  for
              use,  but  it  doesn't  indicate that the firewall is ready. The
              Status setting indicates firewall readiness.

          SyncStates -> (map)
              The subnets that you've configured for use by the Network  Fire-
              wall  firewall. This contains one array element per Availability
              Zone where you've configured a subnet. These objects provide de-
              tails  of  the  information that is summarized in the Configura-
              tionSyncStateSummary and Status , broken down by zone  and  con-
              figuration object.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 The  status of the firewall endpoint and firewall policy con-
                 figuration for a single VPC subnet.

                 For each VPC subnet that you associate with a firewall,  Net-
                 work Firewall does the following:

                 o Instantiates  a  firewall  endpoint in the subnet, ready to
                   take traffic.

                 o Configures the endpoint with the  current  firewall  policy
                   settings,  to  provide  the filtering behavior for the end-
                   point.

                 When you update a firewall, for example to add a subnet asso-
                 ciation  or  change  a rule group in the firewall policy, the
                 affected sync states reflect out-of-sync or not ready  status
                 until the changes are complete.

                 Attachment -> (structure)
                     The  attachment status of the firewall's association with
                     a single VPC subnet. For each configured subnet,  Network
                     Firewall  creates  the  attachment  by  instantiating the
                     firewall endpoint in the subnet so  that  it's  ready  to
                     take traffic. This is part of the  FirewallStatus .

                     SubnetId -> (string)
                        The unique identifier of the subnet that you've speci-
                        fied to be used for a firewall endpoint.

                     EndpointId -> (string)
                        The identifier of the firewall endpoint  that  Network
                        Firewall  has instantiated in the subnet. You use this
                        to identify the firewall endpoint in the VPC route ta-
                        bles,  when  you  redirect the VPC traffic through the
                        endpoint.

                     Status -> (string)
                        The current status of the  firewall  endpoint  in  the
                        subnet.  This value reflects both the instantiation of
                        the endpoint in the VPC subnet  and  the  sync  states
                        that  are  reported  in the Config settings. When this
                        value is READY , the endpoint is available and config-
                        ured properly to handle network traffic. When the end-
                        point isn't available for traffic, this value will re-
                        flect  its state, for example CREATING , DELETING , or
                        FAILED .

                 Config -> (map)
                     The configuration status of the firewall  endpoint  in  a
                     single  VPC  subnet.  Network Firewall provides each end-
                     point with the rules that are configured in the  firewall
                     policy.  Each time you add a subnet or modify the associ-
                     ated firewall policy, Network Firewall  synchronizes  the
                     rules  in the endpoint, so it can properly filter network
                     traffic. This is part of the  FirewallStatus .

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        Provides configuration status for a single  policy  or
                        rule  group that is used for a firewall endpoint. Net-
                        work Firewall provides each endpoint  with  the  rules
                        that  are configured in the firewall policy. Each time
                        you add a subnet or  modify  the  associated  firewall
                        policy, Network Firewall synchronizes the rules in the
                        endpoint, so it can properly filter  network  traffic.
                        This is part of a  SyncState for a firewall.

                        SyncStatus -> (string)
                            Indicates  whether this object is in sync with the
                            version indicated in the update token.

                        UpdateToken -> (string)
                            The current version of the object that  is  either
                            in sync or pending synchronization.



                                                           DESCRIBE-FIREWALL()
