LIST-FIREWALL-POLICIES()                              LIST-FIREWALL-POLICIES()



NAME
       list-firewall-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the metadata for the firewall policies that you have defined.
       Depending on your setting for max results and the  number  of  firewall
       policies, a single call might not return the full list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-firewall-policies is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: FirewallPolicies

SYNOPSIS
            list-firewall-policies
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a MaxResults setting, if the
          number of objects that are still available for retrieval exceeds the
          maximum you requested, Network Firewall returns a NextToken value in
          the  response.  To retrieve the next batch of objects, use the token
          returned from the prior request in your next request.

       FirewallPolicies -> (list)
          The metadata for the firewall policies. Depending  on  your  setting
          for  max  results and the number of firewall policies that you have,
          this might not be the full list.

          (structure)
              High-level information about a firewall policy, returned by  op-
              erations  like  create and describe. You can use the information
              provided in the metadata to retrieve and manage a firewall  pol-
              icy. You can retrieve all objects for a firewall policy by call-
              ing  DescribeFirewallPolicy .

              Name -> (string)
                 The descriptive name of the firewall policy. You can't change
                 the name of a firewall policy after you create it.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall policy.



                                                      LIST-FIREWALL-POLICIES()
