LIST-FIREWALLS()                                              LIST-FIREWALLS()



NAME
       list-firewalls -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the metadata for the firewalls that you have defined. If you
       provide VPC identifiers in your request, this returns  only  the  fire-
       walls for those VPCs.

       Depending  on your setting for max results and the number of firewalls,
       a single call might not return the full list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-firewalls is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Firewalls

SYNOPSIS
            list-firewalls
          [--vpc-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-ids (list)
          The unique identifiers of the VPCs that you want Network Firewall to
          retrieve the firewalls for. Leave this blank to retrieve  all  fire-
          walls that you have defined.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a MaxResults setting, if the
          number of objects that are still available for retrieval exceeds the
          maximum you requested, Network Firewall returns a NextToken value in
          the  response.  To retrieve the next batch of objects, use the token
          returned from the prior request in your next request.

       Firewalls -> (list)
          The firewall metadata objects for the VPCs that you  specified.  De-
          pending  on your setting for max results and the number of firewalls
          you have, a single call might not be the full list.

          (structure)
              High-level information about a firewall, returned by  operations
              like  create  and describe. You can use the information provided
              in the metadata to retrieve and manage a firewall.

              FirewallName -> (string)
                 The descriptive name of the firewall. You  can't  change  the
                 name of a firewall after you create it.

              FirewallArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.



                                                              LIST-FIREWALLS()
