TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  the  specified tags to the specified resource. Tags are key:value
       pairs that you can use to categorize and  manage  your  resources,  for
       purposes  like billing. For example, you might set the tag key to "cus-
       tomer" and the value to the customer name or ID. You can specify one or
       more tags to add to each AWS resource, up to 50 tags for a resource.

       You can tag the AWS resources that you manage through AWS Network Fire-
       wall: firewalls, firewall policies, and rule groups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.

       --tags (list)
          (structure)
              A key:value pair associated with an AWS resource. The  key:value
              pair  can  be anything you define. Typically, the tag key repre-
              sents a category (such as "environment") and the tag value  rep-
              resents  a  specific value within that category (such as "test,"
              "development," or "production"). You can add up to  50  tags  to
              each AWS resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can
                 use a tag key to describe a category of information, such  as
                 "customer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  part  of  the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can
                 use a tag value to describe a specific value within  a  cate-
                 gory,  such  as  "companyA"  or  "companyB."  Tag  values are
                 case-sensitive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
