UPDATE-SUBNET-CHANGE-PROTECTION()            UPDATE-SUBNET-CHANGE-PROTECTION()



NAME
       update-subnet-change-protection -

DESCRIPTION
       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-subnet-change-protection
          [--update-token <value>]
          [--firewall-arn <value>]
          [--firewall-name <value>]
          --subnet-change-protection | --no-subnet-change-protection
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --update-token (string)
          An  optional  token that you can use for optimistic locking. Network
          Firewall returns a token to your requests that access the  firewall.
          The  token  marks  the state of the firewall resource at the time of
          the request.

          To make an unconditional change to the firewall, omit the  token  in
          your  update  request.  Without the token, Network Firewall performs
          your updates regardless of whether the firewall  has  changed  since
          you last retrieved it.

          To  make  a conditional change to the firewall, provide the token in
          your update request. Network Firewall uses the token to ensure  that
          the  firewall  hasn't changed since you last retrieved it. If it has
          changed, the operation fails with an InvalidTokenException . If this
          happens,  retrieve  the  firewall  again to get a current copy of it
          with a new token. Reapply your changes as needed, then try the oper-
          ation again using the new token.

       --firewall-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --firewall-name (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

          You must specify the ARN or the name, and you can specify both.

       --subnet-change-protection | --no-subnet-change-protection (boolean)
          A setting indicating  whether  the  firewall  is  protected  against
          changes  to  the  subnet  associations.  Use this setting to protect
          against accidentally modifying the subnet associations for  a  fire-
          wall  that is in use. When you create a firewall, the operation ini-
          tializes this setting to TRUE .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpdateToken -> (string)
          An optional token that you can use for optimistic  locking.  Network
          Firewall  returns a token to your requests that access the firewall.
          The token marks the state of the firewall resource at  the  time  of
          the request.

          To  make  an unconditional change to the firewall, omit the token in
          your update request. Without the token,  Network  Firewall  performs
          your  updates  regardless  of whether the firewall has changed since
          you last retrieved it.

          To make a conditional change to the firewall, provide the  token  in
          your  update request. Network Firewall uses the token to ensure that
          the firewall hasn't changed since you last retrieved it. If  it  has
          changed, the operation fails with an InvalidTokenException . If this
          happens, retrieve the firewall again to get a  current  copy  of  it
          with a new token. Reapply your changes as needed, then try the oper-
          ation again using the new token.

       FirewallArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall.

       FirewallName -> (string)
          The descriptive name of the firewall. You can't change the name of a
          firewall after you create it.

       SubnetChangeProtection -> (boolean)
          A  setting  indicating  whether  the  firewall  is protected against
          changes to the subnet associations.  Use  this  setting  to  protect
          against  accidentally  modifying the subnet associations for a fire-
          wall that is in use. When you create a firewall, the operation  ini-
          tializes this setting to TRUE .



                                             UPDATE-SUBNET-CHANGE-PROTECTION()
