GET-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()              GET-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-notification-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Get the current configuration for anomaly notifications for a profiling
       group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-notification-configuration
          --profiling-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profiling-group-name (string)
          The name of the profiling group we want to get the notification con-
          figuration for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       notificationConfiguration -> (structure)
          The current notification configuration for this profiling group.

          channels -> (list)
              List  of up to two channels to be used for sending notifications
              for events detected from the application profile.

              (structure)
                 Notification medium for users to get alerted for events  that
                 occur in application profile. We support SNS topic as a noti-
                 fication channel.

                 eventPublishers -> (list)
                     List of publishers for different type of events that  may
                     be  detected  in an application from the profile. Anomaly
                     detection is the only event publisher in Profiler.

                     (string)

                 id -> (string)
                     Unique identifier for each Channel  in  the  notification
                     configuration  of  a  Profiling  Group. A random UUID for
                     channelId is used when adding a channel to the  notifica-
                     tion configuration if not specified in the request.

                 uri -> (string)
                     Unique  arn of the resource to be used for notifications.
                     We support a valid SNS topic arn as a channel uri.



                                              GET-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()
