LIST-PROFILE-TIMES()                                      LIST-PROFILE-TIMES()



NAME
       list-profile-times -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the start times of the available aggregated profiles of a profil-
       ing group for an aggregation period within the specified time range.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-profile-times is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: profileTimes

SYNOPSIS
            list-profile-times
          --end-time <value>
          [--order-by <value>]
          --period <value>
          --profiling-group-name <value>
          --start-time <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --end-time (timestamp)
          The end time of the time range from which to list the profiles.

       --order-by (string)
          The  order (ascending or descending by start time of the profile) to
          use when listing profiles. Defaults to TIMESTAMP_DESCENDING .

          Possible values:

          o TimestampDescending

          o TimestampAscending

       --period (string)
          The aggregation period. This specifies the period  during  which  an
          aggregation  profile  collects posted agent profiles for a profiling
          group. There are 3 valid values.

          o P1D  1 day

          o PT1H  1 hour

          o PT5M  5 minutes

          Possible values:

          o PT5M

          o PT1H

          o P1D

       --profiling-group-name (string)
          The name of the profiling group.

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The start time of the time range from which to list the profiles.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The nextToken value to include in a future ListProfileTimes request.
          When  the  results of a ListProfileTimes request exceed maxResults ,
          this value can be used to retrieve the next page  of  results.  This
          value is null when there are no more results to return.

       profileTimes -> (list)
          The  list  of start times of the available profiles for the aggrega-
          tion period in the specified time range.

          (structure)
              Contains the start time of a profile.

              start -> (timestamp)
                 The start time of a profile. It is specified  using  the  ISO
                 8601 format. For example, 2020-06-01T13:15:02.001Z represents
                 1 millisecond past June 1, 2020 1:15:02 PM UTC.



                                                          LIST-PROFILE-TIMES()
