LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  tags that are applied to the specified Amazon Web
       Services X-Ray group or sampling rule.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of an X-Ray group or sampling rule.

       --next-token (string)
          A pagination token. If multiple pages of results are  returned,  use
          the NextToken value returned with the current page of results as the
          value of this parameter to get the next page of results.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags, as key and value pairs, that is associated with  the
          specified X-Ray group or sampling rule.

          (structure)
              A map that contains tag keys and tag values to attach to an Ama-
              zon Web Services X-Ray group or sampling rule. For more informa-
              tion about ways to use tags, see Tagging Amazon Web Services re-
              sources in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

              The following restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of user-applied tags per resource: 50

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o Don't use aws: as a prefix for keys; it's reserved for  Amazon
                Web Services use. You cannot edit or delete system tags.

              Key -> (string)
                 A tag key, such as Stage or Name . A tag key cannot be empty.
                 The key can be a maximum of 128 characters, and  can  contain
                 only  Unicode letters, numbers, or separators, or the follow-
                 ing special characters: + - = . _ : /

              Value -> (string)
                 An optional tag value, such as Production or test-only .  The
                 value  can  be  a maximum of 255 characters, and contain only
                 Unicode letters, numbers, or  separators,  or  the  following
                 special characters: + - = . _ : /

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  pagination  token. If multiple pages of results are returned, use
          the NextToken value returned with the current page of results to get
          the next page of results.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
