GET-EFFECTIVE-RECOMMENDATION-PREFEREGET-EFFECTIVE-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       get-effective-recommendation-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  recommendation preferences that are in effect for a given
       resource, such as enhanced infrastructure metrics. Considers all appli-
       cable preferences that you might have set at the resource, account, and
       organization level.

       When you create a recommendation preference, you can set its status  to
       Active or Inactive . Use this action to view the recommendation prefer-
       ences that are in effect, or Active .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-effective-recommendation-preferences
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource for which to  confirm
          effective  recommendation  preferences.  Only  EC2 instance and Auto
          Scaling group ARNs are currently supported.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       enhancedInfrastructureMetrics -> (string)
          The status of the  enhanced  infrastructure  metrics  recommendation
          preference. Considers all applicable preferences that you might have
          set at the resource, account, and organization level.

          A status of Active confirms that the preference is  applied  in  the
          latest  recommendation  refresh,  and  a status of Inactive confirms
          that it's not yet applied to recommendations.

          To validate whether the preference is applied to your last generated
          set  of  recommendations,  review the effectiveRecommendationPrefer-
          ences value in the response of  the   GetAutoScalingGroupRecommenda-
          tions and  GetEC2InstanceRecommendations actions.

          For  more  information,  see  Enhanced infrastructure metrics in the
          Compute Optimizer User Guide .



                                    GET-EFFECTIVE-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()
