GET-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()              GET-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       get-recommendation-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  existing  recommendation  preferences, such as enhanced infra-
       structure metrics.

       Use the scope parameter to specify which preferences to return. You can
       specify  to  return preferences for an organization, a specific account
       ID, or a specific EC2 instance or Auto Scaling  group  Amazon  Resource
       Name (ARN).

       For more information, see Activating enhanced infrastructure metrics in
       the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       get-recommendation-preferences is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: recommendationPreferencesDetails

SYNOPSIS
            get-recommendation-preferences
          --resource-type <value>
          [--scope <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The  target resource type of the recommendation preference for which
          to return preferences.

          The Ec2Instance option  encompasses  standalone  instances  and  in-
          stances  that  are part of Auto Scaling groups. The AutoScalingGroup
          option encompasses only instances that are part of an  Auto  Scaling
          group.

          Possible values:

          o Ec2Instance

          o AutoScalingGroup

          o EbsVolume

          o LambdaFunction

          o NotApplicable

          o EcsService

          o License

          o RdsDBInstance

          o Idle

       --scope (structure)
          An  object that describes the scope of the recommendation preference
          to return.

          You can return recommendation preferences that are  created  at  the
          organization  level  (for  management  accounts  of  an organization
          only), account level, and resource level. For more information,  see
          Activating  enhanced infrastructure metrics in the Compute Optimizer
          User Guide .

          name -> (string)
              The name of the scope.

              The following scopes are possible:

              o Organization - Specifies that  the  recommendation  preference
                applies  at the organization level, for all member accounts of
                an organization.

              o AccountId - Specifies that the recommendation  preference  ap-
                plies  at  the account level, for all resources of a given re-
                source type in an account.

              o ResourceArn - Specifies that the recommendation preference ap-
                plies at the individual resource level.

          value -> (string)
              The value of the scope.

              If you specified the name of the scope as:

              o Organization - The value must be ALL_ACCOUNTS .

              o AccountId  -  The value must be a 12-digit Amazon Web Services
                account ID.

              o ResourceArn - The value must be the Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
                of an EC2 instance or an Auto Scaling group.

              Only EC2 instance and Auto Scaling group ARNs are currently sup-
              ported.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,value=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "Organization"|"AccountId"|"ResourceArn",
            "value": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled,  the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to advance to the next page of recommendation pref-
          erences.

          This value is null when there are no more  pages  of  recommendation
          preferences to return.

       recommendationPreferencesDetails -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe recommendation preferences.

          (structure)
              Describes a recommendation preference.

              scope -> (structure)
                 An  object  that  describes  the  scope of the recommendation
                 preference.

                 Recommendation preferences can be created at the organization
                 level  (for management accounts of an organization only), ac-
                 count level, and resource level. For  more  information,  see
                 Activating enhanced infrastructure metrics in the Compute Op-
                 timizer User Guide .

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the scope.

                     The following scopes are possible:

                     o Organization - Specifies that the recommendation  pref-
                       erence  applies at the organization level, for all mem-
                       ber accounts of an organization.

                     o AccountId - Specifies that the  recommendation  prefer-
                       ence applies at the account level, for all resources of
                       a given resource type in an account.

                     o ResourceArn - Specifies that the recommendation prefer-
                       ence applies at the individual resource level.

                 value -> (string)
                     The value of the scope.

                     If you specified the name of the scope as:

                     o Organization - The value must be ALL_ACCOUNTS .

                     o AccountId  -  The  value  must be a 12-digit Amazon Web
                       Services account ID.

                     o ResourceArn - The value must  be  the  Amazon  Resource
                       Name (ARN) of an EC2 instance or an Auto Scaling group.

                     Only  EC2  instance  and Auto Scaling group ARNs are cur-
                     rently supported.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The target resource type of the recommendation preference  to
                 create.

                 The  Ec2Instance  option encompasses standalone instances and
                 instances that are part of Auto Scaling groups. The AutoScal-
                 ingGroup  option  encompasses only instances that are part of
                 an Auto Scaling group.

              enhancedInfrastructureMetrics -> (string)
                 The status of the enhanced infrastructure metrics recommenda-
                 tion preference.

                 When  the  recommendations page is refreshed, a status of Ac-
                 tive confirms that the preference is applied to the recommen-
                 dations,  and  a status of Inactive confirms that the prefer-
                 ence isn't yet applied to recommendations.

                 For more information, see Enhanced infrastructure metrics  in
                 the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

              inferredWorkloadTypes -> (string)
                 The  status  of  the  inferred  workload types recommendation
                 preference.

                 When the recommendations page is refreshed, a status  of  Ac-
                 tive confirms that the preference is applied to the recommen-
                 dations, and a status of Inactive confirms that  the  prefer-
                 ence isn't yet applied to recommendations.

              externalMetricsPreference -> (structure)
                 An  object that describes the external metrics recommendation
                 preference.

                 If the preference is applied in the latest recommendation re-
                 fresh, an object with a valid source value appears in the re-
                 sponse. If the preference isn't applied  to  the  recommenda-
                 tions  already,  then  this  object doesn't appear in the re-
                 sponse.

                 source -> (string)
                     Contains the source options for external metrics  prefer-
                     ences.

              lookBackPeriod -> (string)
                 The  preference to control the number of days the utilization
                 metrics of the Amazon Web Services resource are analyzed.  If
                 the preference isnt set, this object is null.

              utilizationPreferences -> (list)
                 The  preference  to  control  the  resources  CPU utilization
                 threshold, CPU utilization headroom, and  memory  utilization
                 headroom. If the preference isnt set, this object is null.

                 NOTE:
                     This  preference is only available for the Amazon EC2 in-
                     stance resource type.

                 (structure)
                     The preference to control the resources  CPU  utilization
                     threshold,  CPU utilization headroom, and memory utiliza-
                     tion headroom.

                     NOTE:
                        This preference is only available for the  Amazon  EC2
                        instance resource type.

                     metricName -> (string)
                        The  name  of  the resource utilization metric name to
                        customize.

                     metricParameters -> (structure)
                        The parameters to set when  customizing  the  resource
                        utilization thresholds.

                        threshold -> (string)
                            The  threshold value used for the specified metric
                            parameter.

                            NOTE:
                               You can only specify the  threshold  value  for
                               CPU utilization.

                        headroom -> (string)
                            The  headroom  value  in  percentage  used for the
                            specified metric parameter.

                            The following lists the valid values for  CPU  and
                            memory utilization.

                            o CPU  utilization: PERCENT_30 | PERCENT_20 | PER-
                              CENT_0

                            o Memory utilization: PERCENT_30  |  PERCENT_20  |
                              PERCENT_10

              preferredResources -> (list)
                 The preference to control which resource type values are con-
                 sidered when generating rightsizing recommendations. This ob-
                 ject resolves any wildcard expressions and returns the effec-
                 tive list of candidate resource type values. If  the  prefer-
                 ence isnt set, this object is null.

                 (structure)
                     Describes  the effective preferred resources that Compute
                     Optimizer considers as rightsizing recommendation  candi-
                     dates.

                     NOTE:
                        Compute  Optimizer  only  supports Amazon EC2 instance
                        types.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the preferred resource list.

                     includeList -> (list)
                        The list of preferred resource values  that  you  want
                        considered as rightsizing recommendation candidates.

                        (string)

                     effectiveIncludeList -> (list)
                        The  expanded version of your preferred resource's in-
                        clude list.

                        (string)

                     excludeList -> (list)
                        The list of preferred resources values that  you  want
                        excluded from rightsizing recommendation candidates.

                        (string)

              savingsEstimationMode -> (string)
                 Describes  the  savings  estimation mode used for calculating
                 savings opportunity.

                 Only the account manager or delegated administrator  of  your
                 organization can activate this preference.



                                              GET-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()
