PUT-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()              PUT-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       put-recommendation-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new recommendation preference or updates an existing recom-
       mendation preference, such as enhanced infrastructure metrics.

       For more information, see Activating enhanced infrastructure metrics in
       the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-recommendation-preferences
          --resource-type <value>
          [--scope <value>]
          [--enhanced-infrastructure-metrics <value>]
          [--inferred-workload-types <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The target resource type of the recommendation preference to create.

          The  Ec2Instance  option  encompasses  standalone  instances and in-
          stances that are part of Auto Scaling groups.  The  AutoScalingGroup
          option  encompasses  only instances that are part of an Auto Scaling
          group.

          Possible values:

          o Ec2Instance

          o AutoScalingGroup

          o EbsVolume

          o LambdaFunction

          o NotApplicable

       --scope (structure)
          An object that describes the scope of the recommendation  preference
          to create.

          You  can create recommendation preferences at the organization level
          (for management accounts of an organization  only),  account  level,
          and  resource  level.  For more information, see Activating enhanced
          infrastructure metrics in the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

          NOTE:
              You cannot create recommendation preferences  for  Auto  Scaling
              groups  at  the  organization and account levels. You can create
              recommendation preferences for Auto Scaling groups only  at  the
              resource  level  by specifying a scope name of ResourceArn and a
              scope value of the  Auto  Scaling  group  Amazon  Resource  Name
              (ARN). This will configure the preference for all instances that
              are part of the specified Auto Scaling group.  You  also  cannot
              create  recommendation preferences at the resource level for in-
              stances that are part of an Auto Scaling group. You  can  create
              recommendation preferences at the resource level only for stand-
              alone instances.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the scope.

              The following scopes are possible:

              o Organization - Specifies that  the  recommendation  preference
                applies  at the organization level, for all member accounts of
                an organization.

              o AccountId - Specifies that the recommendation  preference  ap-
                plies  at  the account level, for all resources of a given re-
                source type in an account.

              o ResourceArn - Specifies that the recommendation preference ap-
                plies at the individual resource level.

          value -> (string)
              The value of the scope.

              If you specified the name of the scope as:

              o Organization - The value must be ALL_ACCOUNTS .

              o AccountId  -  The value must be a 12-digit Amazon Web Services
                account ID.

              o ResourceArn - The value must be the Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
                of an EC2 instance or an Auto Scaling group.

              Only EC2 instance and Auto Scaling group ARNs are currently sup-
              ported.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,value=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "Organization"|"AccountId"|"ResourceArn",
            "value": "string"
          }

       --enhanced-infrastructure-metrics (string)
          The status of the  enhanced  infrastructure  metrics  recommendation
          preference to create or update.

          Specify the Active status to activate the preference, or specify In-
          active to deactivate the preference.

          For more information, see Enhanced  infrastructure  metrics  in  the
          Compute Optimizer User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --inferred-workload-types (string)
          The  status of the inferred workload types recommendation preference
          to create or update.

          NOTE:
              The inferred workload type feature is active by default. To  de-
              activate it, create a recommendation preference.

          Specify  the  Inactive  status to deactivate the feature, or specify
          Active to activate it.

          For more information, see Inferred workload types in the Compute Op-
          timizer User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              PUT-RECOMMENDATION-PREFERENCES()
