UPDATE-ENROLLMENT-STATUS()                          UPDATE-ENROLLMENT-STATUS()



NAME
       update-enrollment-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the enrollment (opt in and opt out) status of an account to the
       Compute Optimizer service.

       If the account is a management account of an organization, this  action
       can also be used to enroll member accounts of the organization.

       You  must  have  the appropriate permissions to opt in to Compute Opti-
       mizer, to view its recommendations, and to opt out. For  more  informa-
       tion,  see Controlling access with Amazon Web Services Identity and Ac-
       cess Management in the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

       When you  opt  in,  Compute  Optimizer  automatically  creates  a  ser-
       vice-linked  role in your account to access its data. For more informa-
       tion, see Using Service-Linked Roles for Compute Optimizer in the  Com-
       pute Optimizer User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-enrollment-status
          --status <value>
          [--include-member-accounts | --no-include-member-accounts]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --status (string)
          The new enrollment status of the account.

          The following status options are available:

          o Active  -  Opts  in your account to the Compute Optimizer service.
            Compute Optimizer begins analyzing the configuration and  utiliza-
            tion  metrics  of your Amazon Web Services resources after you opt
            in. For more information, see Metrics analyzed  by  Compute  Opti-
            mizer in the Compute Optimizer User Guide .

          o Inactive  -  Opts out your account from the Compute Optimizer ser-
            vice. Your account's recommendations and related metrics data will
            be deleted from Compute Optimizer after you opt out.

          NOTE:
              The  Pending and Failed options cannot be used to update the en-
              rollment status of an account. They are returned in the response
              of a request to update the enrollment status of an account.

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

          o Pending

          o Failed

       --include-member-accounts | --no-include-member-accounts (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  to enroll member accounts of the organization if
          the account is the management account of an organization.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          The enrollment status of the account.

       statusReason -> (string)
          The reason for the enrollment status of the account. For example, an
          account might show a status of Pending because member accounts of an
          organization require more time to be enrolled in the service.



                                                    UPDATE-ENROLLMENT-STATUS()
