DELETE-DATASET()                                              DELETE-DATASET()



NAME
       delete-dataset -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified dataset.

       You do not have to delete the content of the dataset before you perform
       this operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-dataset
          --dataset-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-name (string)
          The name of the dataset to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a dataset

       The following delete-dataset example deletes the specified dataset. You
       don't have to delete the content of the dataset before you perform this
       operation.

          aws iotanalytics delete-dataset \
              --dataset-name mydataset

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see DeleteDataset in the AWS  IoT  Analytics  API
       Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-DATASET()
