DESCRIBE-LOGGING-OPTIONS()                          DESCRIBE-LOGGING-OPTIONS()



NAME
       describe-logging-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the current settings of the IoT Analytics logging options.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-logging-options
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the current logging options

       The following describe-logging-options example displays the current AWS
       IoT Analytics logging options.

          aws iotanalytics describe-logging-options

       This command produces no output.  Output:

          {
              "loggingOptions": {
                  "roleArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/service-role/myIoTAnalyticsRole",
                  "enabled": true,
                  "level": "ERROR"
              }
          }

       For more information, see DescribeLoggingOptions in the AWS IoT Analyt-
       ics API Reference.

OUTPUT
       loggingOptions -> (structure)
          The current settings of the IoT Analytics logging options.

          roleArn -> (string)
              The  ARN  of the role that grants permission to IoT Analytics to
              perform logging.

          level -> (string)
              The logging level. Currently, only ERROR is supported.

          enabled -> (boolean)
              If true, logging is enabled for IoT Analytics.



                                                    DESCRIBE-LOGGING-OPTIONS()
