LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags (metadata) that you have assigned to the resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource whose tags you want to list.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list tags for a resource

       The  following  list-tags-for-resource  example Lists the tags that you
       have attached to the specified resource.

          aws iotanalytics list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:iotanalytics:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/mychannel"

       Output:

          {
              "tags": [
                  {
                      "value": "bar",
                      "key": "foo"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see ListTagsForResource in the AWS IoT  Analytics
       API Reference.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          The tags (metadata) that you have assigned to the resource.

          (structure)
              A set of key-value pairs that are used to manage the resource.

              key -> (string)
                 The tag's key.

              value -> (string)
                 The tag's value.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
