ADD-TAGS()                                                          ADD-TAGS()



NAME
       add-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  tags  to  an existing Elasticsearch domain. Tags are a set of
       case-sensitive key value pairs. An Elasticsearch domain may have up  to
       10  tags. See Tagging Amazon Elasticsearch Service Domains for more in-
       formation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags
          --arn <value>
          --tag-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          Specify the ARN for which you want to add the tags.

       --tag-list (list)
          List of Tag that need to be added for the Elasticsearch domain.

          (structure)
              Specifies a key value pair for a resource tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 Specifies the TagKey , the name of the tag. Tag keys must  be
                 unique  for  the  Elasticsearch  domain to which they are at-
                 tached.

              Value -> (string)
                 Specifies the TagValue , the value  assigned  to  the  corre-
                 sponding  tag  key. Tag values can be null and do not have to
                 be unique in a tag set. For example, you can have a key value
                 pair  in  a  tag  set  of project : Trinity and cost-center :
                 Trinity

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                    ADD-TAGS()
