UPGRADE-ELASTICSEARCH-DOMAIN()                  UPGRADE-ELASTICSEARCH-DOMAIN()



NAME
       upgrade-elasticsearch-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Allows  you  to either upgrade your domain or perform an Upgrade eligi-
       bility check to a compatible Elasticsearch version.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upgrade-elasticsearch-domain
          --domain-name <value>
          --target-version <value>
          [--perform-check-only | --no-perform-check-only]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of an Elasticsearch domain. Domain names are unique  across
          the  domains  owned by an account within an AWS region. Domain names
          start with a letter or number and can contain the following  charac-
          ters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       --target-version (string)
          The  version  of Elasticsearch that you intend to upgrade the domain
          to.

       --perform-check-only | --no-perform-check-only (boolean)
          This flag, when set to True, indicates that an  Upgrade  Eligibility
          Check  needs to be performed. This will not actually perform the Up-
          grade.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DomainName -> (string)
          The  name of an Elasticsearch domain. Domain names are unique across
          the domains owned by an account within an AWS region.  Domain  names
          start  with a letter or number and can contain the following charac-
          ters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       TargetVersion -> (string)
          The version of Elasticsearch that you intend to upgrade  the  domain
          to.

       PerformCheckOnly -> (boolean)
          This  flag,  when set to True, indicates that an Upgrade Eligibility
          Check needs to be performed. This will not actually perform the  Up-
          grade.

       ChangeProgressDetails -> (structure)
          Specifies change details of the domain configuration change.

          ChangeId -> (string)
              The  unique  change identifier associated with a specific domain
              configuration change.

          Message -> (string)
              Contains an optional message associated with the domain configu-
              ration change.



                                                UPGRADE-ELASTICSEARCH-DOMAIN()
