DELETE-WORK-GROUP()                                        DELETE-WORK-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-work-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  workgroup  with the specified name. The primary workgroup
       cannot be deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-work-group
          --work-group <value>
          [--recursive-delete-option | --no-recursive-delete-option]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --work-group (string)
          The unique name of the workgroup to delete.

       --recursive-delete-option | --no-recursive-delete-option (boolean)
          The option to delete the workgroup and  its  contents  even  if  the
          workgroup contains any named queries or query executions.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a workgroup

       The following delete-work-group example deletes the TeamB workgroup.

          aws athena delete-work-group \
              --work-group TeamB

       This  command  produces  no  output.  To  confirm the deletion, use aws
       athena list-work-groups.

       For more information, see Managing Workgroups in the Amazon Athena User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-WORK-GROUP()
