GET-PREPARED-STATEMENT()                              GET-PREPARED-STATEMENT()



NAME
       get-prepared-statement -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the prepared statement with the specified name from the spec-
       ified workgroup.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-prepared-statement
          --statement-name <value>
          --work-group <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --statement-name (string)
          The name of the prepared statement to retrieve.

       --work-group (string)
          The workgroup to which the statement to be retrieved belongs.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PreparedStatement -> (structure)
          The name of the prepared statement that was retrieved.

          StatementName -> (string)
              The name of the prepared statement.

          QueryStatement -> (string)
              The query string for the prepared statement.

          WorkGroupName -> (string)
              The  name  of  the workgroup to which the prepared statement be-
              longs.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the prepared statement.

          LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
              The last modified time of the prepared statement.



                                                      GET-PREPARED-STATEMENT()
