LIST-PREPARED-STATEMENTS()                          LIST-PREPARED-STATEMENTS()



NAME
       list-prepared-statements -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the prepared statements in the specfied workgroup.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-prepared-statements
          --work-group <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --work-group (string)
          The workgroup to list the prepared statements for.

       --next-token (string)
          A token generated by the Athena service that specifies where to con-
          tinue pagination if a previous request was truncated. To obtain  the
          next set of pages, pass in the NextToken from the response object of
          the previous page call.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return in this request.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PreparedStatements -> (list)
          The list of prepared statements for the workgroup.

          (structure)
              The name and last modified time of the prepared statement.

              StatementName -> (string)
                 The name of the prepared statement.

              LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The last modified time of the prepared statement.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token generated by the Athena service that specifies where to con-
          tinue  pagination if a previous request was truncated. To obtain the
          next set of pages, pass in the NextToken from the response object of
          the previous page call.



                                                    LIST-PREPARED-STATEMENTS()
