LIST-NAMED-QUERIES()                                      LIST-NAMED-QUERIES()



NAME
       list-named-queries -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a  list  of available query IDs only for queries saved in the
       specified workgroup. Requires that you have  access  to  the  specified
       workgroup. If a workgroup is not specified, lists the saved queries for
       the primary workgroup.

       For code samples using the  Amazon  Web  Services  SDK  for  Java,  see
       Examples and Code Samples in the Amazon Athena User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-named-queries  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: NamedQueryIds

SYNOPSIS
            list-named-queries
          [--work-group <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --work-group (string)
          The name of the workgroup from which the named queries are being re-
          turned.  If  a workgroup is not specified, the saved queries for the
          primary workgroup are returned.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the named queries for a workgroup

       The following list-named-queries example lists the  named  queries  for
       the AthenaAdmin workgroup.

          aws athena list-named-queries \
              --work-group AthenaAdmin

       Output:

          {
              "NamedQueryIds": [
                  "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
                  "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE22222",
                  "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE33333"
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Running SQL Queries Using Amazon Athena in
       the Amazon Athena User Guide.

OUTPUT
       NamedQueryIds -> (list)
          The list of unique query IDs.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token generated by the Athena service that specifies where to con-
          tinue  pagination if a previous request was truncated. To obtain the
          next set of pages, pass in the NextToken from the response object of
          the previous page call.



                                                          LIST-NAMED-QUERIES()
