STOP-QUERY-EXECUTION()                                  STOP-QUERY-EXECUTION()



NAME
       stop-query-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  a  query execution. Requires you to have access to the workgroup
       in which the query ran.

       For code samples using the  Amazon  Web  Services  SDK  for  Java,  see
       Examples and Code Samples in the Amazon Athena User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-query-execution
          [--query-execution-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --query-execution-id (string)
          The unique ID of the query execution to stop.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop a running query

       The following stop-query-execution example stops the query that has the
       specified query ID.

          aws athena stop-query-execution \
              --query-execution-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Running SQL Queries Using  Amazon  Athena  in
       the Amazon Athena User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        STOP-QUERY-EXECUTION()
