UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes one or more tags from a data catalog or workgroup resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          Specifies the ARN of the resource from which tags are to be removed.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  comma-separated list of one or more tag keys whose tags are to be
          removed from the specified resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a tag from a resource

       The following untag-resource example removes the Specialization and Fo-
       cus  keys  and  their associated values from the dynamo_db_catalog data
       catalog resource.

          aws athena untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:athena:us-west-2:111122223333:datacatalog/dynamo_db_catalog \
              --tag-keys Specialization Focus

       This  command  produces  no  output.  To  see  the  results,  use   the
       list-tags-for-resource command.

       For more information, see Removing tags from a resource: untag-resource
       in the Amazon Athena User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
