DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT-TYPE()                      DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT-TYPE()



NAME
       delete-profile-object-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a  ProfileObjectType from a specific domain as well as removes
       all the ProfileObjects of that type. It also disables integrations from
       this  specific  ProfileObjectType.  In  addition,  it scrubs all of the
       fields of the standard profile that were populated from this ProfileOb-
       jectType.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-profile-object-type
          --domain-name <value>
          --object-type-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The unique name of the domain.

       --object-type-name (string)
          The name of the profile object type.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Message -> (string)
          A message that indicates the delete request is done.



                                                  DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT-TYPE()
