DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT()                                DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT()



NAME
       delete-profile-object -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  an  object associated with a profile of a given ProfileObject-
       Type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-profile-object
          --profile-id <value>
          --profile-object-unique-key <value>
          --object-type-name <value>
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-id (string)
          The unique identifier of a customer profile.

       --profile-object-unique-key (string)
          The unique identifier of the profile object generated  by  the  ser-
          vice.

       --object-type-name (string)
          The name of the profile object type.

       --domain-name (string)
          The unique name of the domain.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Message -> (string)
          A message that indicates the delete request is done.



                                                       DELETE-PROFILE-OBJECT()
