TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified Amazon Con-
       nect Customer Profiles resource. Tags can help you organize and catego-
       rize your resources. You can also use them to scope user permissions by
       granting a user permission to access or change only resources with cer-
       tain  tag values. In Connect Customer Profiles, domains, profile object
       types, and integrations can be tagged.

       Tags don't have  any  semantic  meaning  to  AWS  and  are  interpreted
       strictly as strings of characters.

       You  can  use  the  TagResource action with a resource that already has
       tags. If you specify a new tag key, this tag is appended to the list of
       tags associated with the resource. If you specify a tag key that is al-
       ready associated with the resource, the new tag value that you  specify
       replaces the previous value for that tag.

       You can associate as many as 50 tags with a resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource that you're adding tags to.

       --tags (map)
          The  tags  used  to  organize, track, or control access for this re-
          source.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
