TASKS-RUNNING()                                                TASKS-RUNNING()



NAME
       tasks-running -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query tasks[].lastStatus returns RUNNING for all
       elements when polling with describe-tasks. It will poll every 6 seconds
       until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return
       code of 255 after 100 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tasks-running
          [--cluster <value>]
          --tasks <value>
          [--include <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster (string)
          The short name or full Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the  cluster
          that  hosts  the  task or tasks to describe. If you do not specify a
          cluster, the default cluster is assumed. This parameter is  required
          if the task or tasks you are describing were launched in any cluster
          other than the default cluster.

       --tasks (list)
          A list of up to 100 task IDs or full ARN entries.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --include (list)
          Specifies whether you want to see the resource tags for the task. If
          TAGS  is  specified,  the tags are included in the response. If this
          field is omitted, tags aren't included in the response.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            TAGS

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               TASKS-RUNNING()
