CREATE-ALIAS()                                                  CREATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       create-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a friendly name for a KMS key.

       NOTE:
          Adding,  deleting, or updating an alias can allow or deny permission
          to the KMS key. For details, see Using ABAC in KMS in the  Key  Man-
          agement Service Developer Guide .

       You  can  use an alias to identify a KMS key in the KMS console, in the
       DescribeKey operation and in cryptographic operations ,  such  as   En-
       crypt and  GenerateDataKey . You can also change the KMS key that's as-
       sociated with  the  alias  (  UpdateAlias  )  or  delete  the  alias  (
       DeleteAlias ) at any time. These operations don't affect the underlying
       KMS key.

       You can associate the alias with any customer managed key in  the  same
       Amazon  Web Services Region. Each alias is associated with only one KMS
       key at a time, but a KMS key can have multiple aliases. A valid KMS key
       is required. You can't create an alias without a KMS key.

       The  alias  must  be unique in the account and Region, but you can have
       aliases with the same name in different Regions. For detailed  informa-
       tion about aliases, see Using aliases in the Key Management Service De-
       veloper Guide .

       This operation does not return a response. To get the  alias  that  you
       created, use the  ListAliases operation.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key state: Effect on your KMS key  in  the  Key
       Management Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  :  No.  You  cannot perform this operation on an
          alias in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions

       o kms:CreateAlias on the alias (IAM policy).

       o kms:CreateAlias on the KMS key (key policy).

       For details, see Controlling access to aliases in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Related operations:

       o DeleteAlias

       o ListAliases

       o UpdateAlias

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-alias
          --alias-name <value>
          --target-key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-name (string)
          Specifies the alias name. This value must begin with alias/ followed
          by a name, such as alias/ExampleAlias .

          The AliasName value must be string of 1-256 characters. It can  con-
          tain  only alphanumeric characters, forward slashes (/), underscores
          (_), and dashes (-). The alias name cannot begin with  alias/aws/  .
          The  alias/aws/  prefix  is reserved for Amazon Web Services managed
          keys .

       --target-key-id (string)
          Associates the alias with the specified customer managed key  .  The
          KMS key must be in the same Amazon Web Services Region.

          A  valid  key  ID  is required. If you supply a null or empty string
          value, this operation returns an error.

          For help finding the key ID and ARN, see Finding the Key ID and  ARN
          in the * Key Management Service Developer Guide * .

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create an alias for a CMK

       The following create-alias command creates an alias named example-alias
       for   the   customer   master   key   (CMK)   identified   by   key  ID
       1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab.

       Alias names must begin with alias/. Do not use alias names  that  begin
       with alias/aws; these are reserved for use by AWS.

          aws kms create-alias \
              --alias-name alias/example-alias \
              --target-key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                CREATE-ALIAS()
