DECRYPT()                                                            DECRYPT()



NAME
       decrypt -

DESCRIPTION
       Decrypts  ciphertext  that  was encrypted by a KMS key using any of the
       following operations:

       o Encrypt

       o GenerateDataKey

       o GenerateDataKeyPair

       o GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext

       o GenerateDataKeyPairWithoutPlaintext

       You can use this operation to decrypt ciphertext that was encrypted un-
       der a symmetric encryption KMS key or an asymmetric encryption KMS key.
       When the KMS key is asymmetric, you must specify the KMS  key  and  the
       encryption  algorithm  that was used to encrypt the ciphertext. For in-
       formation about asymmetric KMS keys, see Asymmetric KMS keys in the Key
       Management Service Developer Guide .

       The  Decrypt operation also decrypts ciphertext that was encrypted out-
       side of KMS by the public key in an KMS asymmetric KMS key. However, it
       cannot  decrypt  ciphertext  produced  by  other libraries, such as the
       Amazon Web Services Encryption SDK or Amazon S3 client-side  encryption
       .  These libraries return a ciphertext format that is incompatible with
       KMS.

       If the ciphertext was encrypted under a symmetric encryption  KMS  key,
       the  KeyId  parameter  is  optional.  KMS can get this information from
       metadata that it adds to the symmetric ciphertext  blob.  This  feature
       adds  durability  to  your  implementation  by ensuring that authorized
       users can decrypt ciphertext decades after it was  encrypted,  even  if
       they've  lost  track  of the key ID. However, specifying the KMS key is
       always recommended as a best practice. When you use the KeyId parameter
       to specify a KMS key, KMS only uses the KMS key you specify. If the ci-
       phertext was encrypted under a different KMS key, the Decrypt operation
       fails. This practice ensures that you use the KMS key that you intend.

       Whenever  possible,  use  key policies to give users permission to call
       the Decrypt operation on a particular KMS key,  instead  of  using  IAM
       policies. Otherwise, you might create an IAM user policy that gives the
       user Decrypt permission on all KMS keys. This user  could  decrypt  ci-
       phertext  that  was  encrypted by KMS keys in other accounts if the key
       policy for the cross-account KMS key permits it. If you must use an IAM
       policy  for  Decrypt permissions, limit the user to particular KMS keys
       or particular trusted accounts. For details, see Best practices for IAM
       policies in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       Applications in Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves can call this opera-
       tion by using the Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves Development Kit  .
       For  information  about  the  supporting parameters, see How Amazon Web
       Services Nitro Enclaves use KMS in the Key Management Service Developer
       Guide .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : Yes. To perform this operation with a KMS key in
          a different Amazon Web Services account,  specify  the  key  ARN  or
          alias ARN in the value of the KeyId parameter.

          Required permissions : kms:Decrypt (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o Encrypt

       o GenerateDataKey

       o GenerateDataKeyPair

       o ReEncrypt

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            decrypt
          --ciphertext-blob <value>
          [--encryption-context <value>]
          [--grant-tokens <value>]
          [--key-id <value>]
          [--encryption-algorithm <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ciphertext-blob (blob)
          Ciphertext to be decrypted. The blob includes metadata.

       --encryption-context (map)
          Specifies the encryption context to use when decrypting the data. An
          encryption context is valid only for cryptographic operations with a
          symmetric encryption KMS key. The standard asymmetric encryption al-
          gorithms and HMAC algorithms that KMS uses do not support an encryp-
          tion context.

          An  encryption context is a collection of non-secret key-value pairs
          that represent additional authenticated data. When you  use  an  en-
          cryption  context to encrypt data, you must specify the same (an ex-
          act case-sensitive match) encryption context to decrypt the data. An
          encryption  context  is  supported only on operations with symmetric
          encryption KMS keys. On operations  with  symmetric  encryption  KMS
          keys,  an  encryption context is optional, but it is strongly recom-
          mended.

          For more information, see Encryption context in the  Key  Management
          Service Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --grant-tokens (list)
          A list of grant tokens.

          Use  a grant token when your permission to call this operation comes
          from a new grant that has not yet achieved  eventual  consistency  .
          For more information, see Grant token and Using a grant token in the
          Key Management Service Developer Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --key-id (string)
          Specifies the KMS key that KMS uses to decrypt the ciphertext.

          Enter a key ID of the KMS key that was used to encrypt  the  cipher-
          text.  If  you  identify  a different KMS key, the Decrypt operation
          throws an IncorrectKeyException .

          This parameter is required only when the  ciphertext  was  encrypted
          under  an asymmetric KMS key. If you used a symmetric encryption KMS
          key, KMS can get the KMS key from metadata that it adds to the  sym-
          metric  ciphertext blob. However, it is always recommended as a best
          practice. This practice ensures that you use the KMS  key  that  you
          intend.

          To  specify a KMS key, use its key ID, key ARN, alias name, or alias
          ARN. When using an alias name, prefix it with "alias/" . To  specify
          a  KMS  key in a different Amazon Web Services account, you must use
          the key ARN or alias ARN.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Alias name: alias/ExampleAlias

          o Alias ARN: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:alias/ExampleAlias

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey . To get the alias name and alias ARN, use  ListAliases .

       --encryption-algorithm (string)
          Specifies  the encryption algorithm that will be used to decrypt the
          ciphertext. Specify the same algorithm that was used to encrypt  the
          data.  If  you  specify a different algorithm, the Decrypt operation
          fails.

          This parameter is required only when the  ciphertext  was  encrypted
          under  an asymmetric KMS key. The default value, SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT ,
          represents the only supported algorithm that is valid for  symmetric
          encryption KMS keys.

          Possible values:

          o SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_1

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_256

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To decrypt an encrypted message with a symmetric CMK  (Linux
       and macOS)

       The  following decrypt command example demonstrates the recommended way
       to decrypt data with the AWS CLI. This version  shows  how  to  decrypt
       data under a symmetric customer master key (CMK).

       o Provide the ciphertext in a file.
            In  the value of the --ciphertext-blob parameter, use the fileb://
            prefix, which tells the CLI to read the data from a  binary  file.
            If the file is not in the current directory, type the full path to
            file. For more information about reading AWS CLI parameter  values
            from   a  file,  see  Loading  AWS  CLI  parameters  from  a  file
            <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-param-
            eters-file.html>  in the AWS Command Line Interface User Guide and
            Best  Practices   for   Local   File   Parameters<https://aws.ama-
            zon.com/blogs/developer/best-practices-for-local-file-parameters/>
            in the AWS Command Line Tool Blog.

       o Specify the CMK to decrypt the ciphertext.
            The --key-id parameter is not required when decrypting  with  sym-
            metric  CMKs. AWS KMS can get the CMK that was used to encrypt the
            data from the metadata in the ciphertext blob. But it's  always  a
            best  practice to specify the CMK you are using. This practice en-
            sures that you use the CMK that you intend, and prevents you  from
            inadvertently  decrypting  a  ciphertext  using  a  CMK you do not
            trust.

       o Request the plaintext output as a text value.
            The --query parameter tells the CLI to get only the value  of  the
            Plaintext  field  from  the output. The --output parameter returns
            the output as text.

       o Base64-decode the plaintext and save it in a file.
            The  following example pipes (|) the value of the Plaintext param-
            eter  to  the Base64 utility, which decodes it. Then, it redirects
            (>) the decoded output to the ExamplePlaintext file.

       Before running this command, replace the example key ID  with  a  valid
       key ID from your AWS account.

          aws kms decrypt \
              --ciphertext-blob fileb://ExampleEncryptedFile \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
              --output text \
              --query Plaintext | base64 \
              --decode > ExamplePlaintextFile

       This command produces no output. The output from the decrypt command is
       base64-decoded and saved in a file.

       For more information, see Decrypt in the AWS Key Management Service API
       Reference.

       Example  2:  To decrypt an encrypted message with a symmetric CMK (Win-
       dows command prompt)

       The following example is the same as the previous one  except  that  it
       uses  the  certutil  utility  to Base64-decode the plaintext data. This
       procedure requires two commands, as shown in the following examples.

       Before running this command, replace the example key ID  with  a  valid
       key ID from your AWS account.

          aws kms decrypt ^
              --ciphertext-blob fileb://ExampleEncryptedFile ^
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab ^
              --output text ^
              --query Plaintext > ExamplePlaintextFile.base64

       Run the certutil command.

          certutil -decode ExamplePlaintextFile.base64 ExamplePlaintextFile

       Output:

          Input Length = 18
          Output Length = 12
          CertUtil: -decode command completed successfully.

       For more information, see Decrypt in the AWS Key Management Service API
       Reference.

OUTPUT
       KeyId -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (key ARN ) of the KMS key that was used  to
          decrypt the ciphertext.

       Plaintext -> (blob)
          Decrypted  plaintext  data.  When you use the HTTP API or the Amazon
          Web Services CLI, the value is Base64-encoded. Otherwise, it is  not
          Base64-encoded.

       EncryptionAlgorithm -> (string)
          The encryption algorithm that was used to decrypt the ciphertext.



                                                                     DECRYPT()
