DELETE-IMPORTED-KEY-MATERIAL()                  DELETE-IMPORTED-KEY-MATERIAL()



NAME
       delete-imported-key-material -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes key material that you previously imported. This operation makes
       the specified KMS key unusable. For more  information  about  importing
       key material into KMS, see Importing Key Material in the Key Management
       Service Developer Guide .

       When the specified KMS key is in the PendingDeletion state, this opera-
       tion does not change the KMS key's state. Otherwise, it changes the KMS
       key's state to PendingImport .

       After you delete key material, you can use  ImportKeyMaterial to  reim-
       port the same key material into the KMS key.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:DeleteImportedKeyMaterial (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o GetParametersForImport

       o ImportKeyMaterial

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-imported-key-material
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies the KMS key from which you are deleting imported key  ma-
          terial. The Origin of the KMS key must be EXTERNAL .

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete imported key material from a KMS key

       The following delete-imported-key-material example deletes key material
       that had been imported into a KMS key.

          aws kms delete-imported-key-material \
             --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       This command produces no output. To verify that  the  key  material  is
       deleted,  use  the  describe-key  command  to  look  for a key state of
       PendingImport or PendingDeletion.

       For more information, see
       `Deleting imported key material<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/importing-keys-delete-key-material.html>`__
        in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous hyperlink mismatch: 1 references but 0  targets.   See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                DELETE-IMPORTED-KEY-MATERIAL()
