DELETE-ALIAS()                                                  DELETE-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified alias.

       NOTE:
          Adding,  deleting, or updating an alias can allow or deny permission
          to the KMS key. For details, see Using ABAC in KMS in the  Key  Man-
          agement Service Developer Guide .

       Because  an  alias  is  not a property of a KMS key, you can delete and
       change the aliases of a KMS key without affecting the  KMS  key.  Also,
       aliases  do not appear in the response from the  DescribeKey operation.
       To get the aliases of all KMS keys, use the  ListAliases operation.

       Each KMS key can have multiple aliases. To change the alias  of  a  KMS
       key,  use   DeleteAlias to delete the current alias and  CreateAlias to
       create a new alias. To associate an existing alias with a different KMS
       key, call  UpdateAlias .
          Cross-account  use  :  No.  You  cannot perform this operation on an
          alias in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions

       o kms:DeleteAlias on the alias (IAM policy).

       o kms:DeleteAlias on the KMS key (key policy).

       For details, see Controlling access to aliases in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Related operations:

       o CreateAlias

       o ListAliases

       o UpdateAlias

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-alias
          --alias-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-name (string)
          The  alias to be deleted. The alias name must begin with alias/ fol-
          lowed by the alias name, such as alias/ExampleAlias .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an AWS KMS alias

       The  following  delete-alias  example  deletes  the  alias  alias/exam-
       ple-alias.

       o The  --alias-name  parameter specifies the alias to delete. The alias
         name must begin with alias/.

            aws kms delete-alias \
                --alias-name alias/example-alias

       This  command  produces  no  output.  To  find  the  alias,   use   the
       list-aliases command.

       For  more  information, see Working with Aliases in the AWS Key Manage-
       ment Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-ALIAS()
