DELETE-CUSTOM-KEY-STORE()                            DELETE-CUSTOM-KEY-STORE()



NAME
       delete-custom-key-store -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a custom key store . This operation does not affect any backing
       elements of the custom key store. It does not delete the CloudHSM clus-
       ter  that is associated with an CloudHSM key store, or affect any users
       or keys in the cluster. For an external key store, it does  not  affect
       the  external  key  store  proxy, external key manager, or any external
       keys.

       This operation is part of the custom key stores feature in  KMS,  which
       combines the convenience and extensive integration of KMS with the iso-
       lation and control of a key store that you own and manage.

       The custom key store that you delete cannot contain any KMS keys .  Be-
       fore deleting the key store, verify that you will never need to use any
       of the KMS keys in the key store for  any  cryptographic  operations  .
       Then,  use   ScheduleKeyDeletion  to  delete  the KMS keys from the key
       store. After the required waiting period expires and all KMS  keys  are
       deleted  from  the  custom  key store, use  DisconnectCustomKeyStore to
       disconnect the key store from KMS. Then, you can delete the custom  key
       store.

       For  keys  in  an CloudHSM key store, the ScheduleKeyDeletion operation
       makes a best effort to delete the  key  material  from  the  associated
       cluster.  However,  you  might need to manually delete the orphaned key
       material from the cluster and its backups. KMS never creates,  manages,
       or  deletes  cryptographic  keys in the external key manager associated
       with an external key store. You must manage them  using  your  external
       key manager tools.

       Instead  of  deleting the custom key store, consider using the  Discon-
       nectCustomKeyStore operation to disconnect the custom  key  store  from
       its  backing key store. While the key store is disconnected, you cannot
       create or use the KMS keys in the key store. But, you do  not  need  to
       delete  KMS  keys and you can reconnect a disconnected custom key store
       at any time.

       If the operation succeeds, it returns a JSON object with no properties.
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on a  cus-
          tom key store in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:DeleteCustomKeyStore (IAM policy)

          Related operations:

       o ConnectCustomKeyStore

       o CreateCustomKeyStore

       o DescribeCustomKeyStores

       o DisconnectCustomKeyStore

       o UpdateCustomKeyStore

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            delete-custom-key-store
          --custom-key-store-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --custom-key-store-id (string)
          Enter the ID of the custom key store you want to delete. To find the
          ID of a custom key store, use  the   DescribeCustomKeyStores  opera-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a custom key store

       The  following  delete-custom-key-store  example  deletes the specified
       custom key store. This command doesn't have any effect on  the  associ-
       ated CloudHSM cluster.

       NOTE:  Before  you can delete a custom key store, you must schedule the
       deletion of all KMS keys in the custom key  store  and  then  wait  for
       those  KMS keys to be deleted. Then, you must disconnect the custom key
       store.

          delete-custom-key-store \
              --custom-key-store-id cks-1234567890abcdef0

       This command does not return any output. To verify that the custom  key
       store is deleted, use the describe-custom-key-stores command.

       For  more  information,  see Deleting a custom key store in the AWS Key
       Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-CUSTOM-KEY-STORE()
