DISABLE-KEY-ROTATION()                                  DISABLE-KEY-ROTATION()



NAME
       disable-key-rotation -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  automatic  rotation of the key material of the specified sym-
       metric encryption KMS key.

       Automatic key rotation is supported only on  symmetric  encryption  KMS
       keys. You cannot enable or disable automatic rotation of asymmetric KMS
       keys , HMAC KMS keys , KMS keys with imported key  material  ,  or  KMS
       keys  in a custom key store . The key rotation status of these KMS keys
       is always false . To enable or disable automatic rotation of a  set  of
       related multi-Region keys , set the property on the primary key.

       You  can enable ( EnableKeyRotation ) and disable automatic rotation of
       the key material in customer managed KMS keys . Key  material  rotation
       of Amazon Web Services managed KMS keys is not configurable. KMS always
       rotates the key material for every year. Rotation of  Amazon  Web  Ser-
       vices owned KMS keys varies.

       NOTE:
          In  May  2022, KMS changed the rotation schedule for Amazon Web Ser-
          vices managed keys from every three years to  every  year.  For  de-
          tails, see  EnableKeyRotation .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:DisableKeyRotation (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o EnableKeyRotation

       o GetKeyRotationStatus

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-key-rotation
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies a symmetric encryption KMS key. You cannot enable or dis-
          able automatic rotation of asymmetric KMS keys , HMAC KMS keys , KMS
          keys with imported key material , or KMS keys in a custom key  store
          .

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable automatic rotation of a KMS key

       The  following disable-key-rotation example disables automatic rotation
       of a customer managed KMS key. To reenable automatic rotation, use  the
       enable-key-rotation command.

          aws kms disable-key-rotation \
              --key-id arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       This  command  produces no output. To verify that automatic rotation is
       disable for the KMS key, use the get-key-rotation-status command.

       For more information, see Rotating keys in the AWS Key Management  Ser-
       vice Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISABLE-KEY-ROTATION()
