DISABLE-KEY()                                                    DISABLE-KEY()



NAME
       disable-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the  state of a KMS key to disabled. This change temporarily pre-
       vents use of the KMS key for cryptographic operations .

       For more information about how key state affects the use of a KMS  key,
       see  Key  state: Effect on your KMS key in the * Key Management Service
       Developer Guide * .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state.  For  details,  see Key state: Effect on your KMS key in the Key
       Management Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:DisableKey (key policy)

          Related operations :  EnableKey

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-key
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies the KMS key to disable.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To temporarily disable a customer master key (CMK)

       The following example uses the disable-key command to  disable  a  cus-
       tomer  managed  CMK. You can use a command like this one to prevent the
       CMK from being used in cryptographic operations.  Disabling  is  always
       temporary. To re-enable the CMK, use the enable-key command.

       To  specify the CMK, use the key-id parameter. This example uses an key
       ID value, but you can use a key ID or key ARN value  in  this  command.
       Before  running  this  command, replace the example key ID with a valid
       one.

          aws kms enable-key \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Enabling and Disabling Keys in  the  AWS  Key
       Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DISABLE-KEY()
