ENABLE-KEY-ROTATION()                                    ENABLE-KEY-ROTATION()



NAME
       enable-key-rotation -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables automatic rotation of the key material of the specified symmet-
       ric encryption KMS key.

       By default, when you enable automatic rotation of  a  customer  managed
       KMS key , KMS rotates the key material of the KMS key one year (approx-
       imately 365 days) from the enable date and every year  thereafter.  You
       can use the optional RotationPeriodInDays parameter to specify a custom
       rotation period when you enable key rotation, or you can use  Rotation-
       PeriodInDays to modify the rotation period of a key that you previously
       enabled automatic key rotation on.

       You can monitor rotation of the key  material  for  your  KMS  keys  in
       CloudTrail  and Amazon CloudWatch. To disable rotation of the key mate-
       rial in a customer managed KMS key, use the  DisableKeyRotation  opera-
       tion.  You  can use the  GetKeyRotationStatus operation to identify any
       in progress rotations. You can use the  ListKeyRotations  operation  to
       view the details of completed rotations.

       Automatic  key  rotation  is supported only on symmetric encryption KMS
       keys . You cannot enable automatic rotation of asymmetric  KMS  keys  ,
       HMAC  KMS keys , KMS keys with imported key material , or KMS keys in a
       custom key store . To enable or disable automatic rotation of a set  of
       related multi-Region keys , set the property on the primary key.

       You  cannot enable or disable automatic rotation of Amazon Web Services
       managed KMS keys . KMS always rotates the key material  of  Amazon  Web
       Services managed keys every year. Rotation of Amazon Web Services owned
       KMS keys is managed by the Amazon Web Services service  that  owns  the
       key.

       NOTE:
          In  May  2022, KMS changed the rotation schedule for Amazon Web Ser-
          vices managed keys from every three years (approximately 1,095 days)
          to every year (approximately 365 days).

          New  Amazon  Web Services managed keys are automatically rotated one
          year after they are created, and  approximately  every  year  there-
          after.

          Existing  Amazon Web Services managed keys are automatically rotated
          one year after their most recent rotation,  and  every  year  there-
          after.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:EnableKeyRotation (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o DisableKeyRotation

       o GetKeyRotationStatus

       o ListKeyRotations

       o RotateKeyOnDemand

       NOTE:
              You can perform on-demand ( RotateKeyOnDemand ) rotation of  the
              key material in customer managed KMS keys, regardless of whether
              or not automatic key rotation is enabled.

          Eventual consistency : The KMS API follows an  eventual  consistency
          model. For more information, see KMS eventual consistency .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            enable-key-rotation
          --key-id <value>
          [--rotation-period-in-days <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies  a  symmetric encryption KMS key. You cannot enable auto-
          matic rotation of asymmetric KMS keys , HMAC KMS  keys  ,  KMS  keys
          with  imported key material , or KMS keys in a custom key store . To
          enable  or  disable  automatic  rotation  of  a   set   of   related
          multi-Region keys , set the property on the primary key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --rotation-period-in-days (integer)
          Use this parameter to specify a custom period of time  between  each
          rotation  date.  If  no value is specified, the default value is 365
          days.

          The rotation period defines the number of days after you enable  au-
          tomatic key rotation that KMS will rotate your key material, and the
          number of days between each automatic rotation thereafter.

          You      can      use      the      `       kms:RotationPeriodInDays
          https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/conditions-kms.html#conditions-kms-rotation-period-in-days`__
          condition key to further constrain the values  that  principals  can
          specify in the RotationPeriodInDays parameter.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable automatic rotation of a KMS key

       The following enable-key-rotation example enables automatic rotation of
       a customer managed KMS key with a rotation period of 180 days. The  KMS
       key  will be rotated one year (approximate 365 days) from the date that
       this command completes and every year thereafter.

       o The --key-id parameter identifies the KMS key. This  example  uses  a
         key  ARN  value,  but you can use either the key ID or the ARN of the
         KMS key.

       o The --rotation-period-in-days parameter specifies the number of  days
         between each rotation date. Specify a value between 90 and 2560 days.
         If no value is specified, the default value is 365 days.

          aws kms enable-key-rotation \
              --key-id arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
              --rotation-period-in-days 180

       This command produces no output. To verify that the KMS key is enabled,
       use the get-key-rotation-status command.

       For  more information, see Rotating keys in the AWS Key Management Ser-
       vice Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         ENABLE-KEY-ROTATION()
