ENABLE-KEY()                                                      ENABLE-KEY()



NAME
       enable-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the key state of a KMS key to enabled. This allows you to use the
       KMS key for cryptographic operations .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state.  For  details,  see Key states of KMS keys in the Key Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:EnableKey (key policy)

          Related operations :  DisableKey

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-key
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies the KMS key to enable.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable a KMS key

       The following enable-key example enables a customer  managed  key.  You
       can  use a command like this one to enable a KMS key that you temporar-
       ily disabled by using the disable-key command. You can also use  it  to
       enable a KMS key that is disabled because it was scheduled for deletion
       and the deletion was canceled.

       To specify the KMS key, use the key-id parameter. This example uses  an
       key  ID  value,  but you can use a key ID or key ARN value in this com-
       mand.

       Before running this command, replace the example key ID  with  a  valid
       one.

          aws kms enable-key \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       This command produces no output. To verify that the KMS key is enabled,
       use the describe-key command. See the values of the  KeyState  and  En-
       abled fields in the describe-key output.

       For  more  information,  see Enabling and Disabling Keys in the AWS Key
       Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  ENABLE-KEY()
