GENERATE-RANDOM()                                            GENERATE-RANDOM()



NAME
       generate-random -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a random byte string that is cryptographically secure.

       By default, the random byte string is generated in KMS. To generate the
       byte string in the CloudHSM cluster that is associated  with  a  custom
       key store , specify the custom key store ID.

       Applications in Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves can call this opera-
       tion by using the Amazon Web Services Nitro Enclaves Development Kit  .
       For  information  about  the  supporting parameters, see How Amazon Web
       Services Nitro Enclaves use KMS in the Key Management Service Developer
       Guide .

       For  more  information  about entropy and random number generation, see
       Key Management Service Cryptographic Details .
          Required permissions : kms:GenerateRandom (IAM policy)

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            generate-random
          [--number-of-bytes <value>]
          [--custom-key-store-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --number-of-bytes (integer)
          The length of the byte string.

       --custom-key-store-id (string)
          Generates the random byte string in the CloudHSM cluster that is as-
          sociated  with  the specified custom key store . To find the ID of a
          custom key store, use the  DescribeCustomKeyStores operation.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To generate a 256-bit random number (Linux or macOs)

       The  following  generate-random  example generates a 256-bit (32-byte),
       base64-encoded random byte string. The example decodes the byte  string
       and saves it in the random file.

       When  you  run this command, you must use the number-of-bytes parameter
       to specify the length of the random number in bytes.

       You don't specify a CMK when you run this command. Unless you specify a
       `custom key store<https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/custom-key-store-overview.html>`__
       , AWS KMS generates the random number. It is not  associated  with  any
       particular CMK.

       This example uses the following parameters and values:

       o It  uses  the required --number-of-bytes parameter with a value of 32
         to request a 32-byte (256-bit) string.

       o It uses the --output parameter with a value of text to direct the AWS
         CLI to return the output as text, instead of JSON.

       o It  uses  the --query parameter to extract the value of the Plaintext
         property from the response.

       o It pipes ( | ) the output of the command to the base64 utility, which
         decodes the extracted output.

       o It uses the redirection operator ( > ) to save decoded byte string to
         the ExampleRandom file.

       o It uses the redirection operator ( > ) to save the binary  ciphertext
         to a file.

            aws kms generate-random \
                --number-of-bytes 32 \
                --output text \
                --query Plaintext | base64 --decode > ExampleRandom

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see GenerateRandom in the AWS Key Management Ser-
       vice API Reference.

       Example 2: To generate a 256-bit random number (Windows Command Prompt)

       The following example uses the generate-random command  to  generate  a
       256-bit  (32-byte),  base64-encoded random byte string. The example de-
       codes the byte string and saves it in the random file. This example  is
       the  same  as  the  previous  example, except that it uses the certutil
       utility in Windows to base64-decode the random byte string before  sav-
       ing it in a file.

       First,  generate  a base64-encoded random byte string and saves it in a
       temporary file, ExampleRandom.base64.

          aws kms generate-random \
              --number-of-bytes 32 \
              --output text \
              --query Plaintext > ExampleRandom.base64

       Because the output of the generate-random command is saved in  a  file,
       this example produces no output.

       Now  use the certutil -decode command to decode the base64-encoded byte
       string in the ExampleRandom.base64 file. Then,  it  saves  the  decoded
       byte string in the ExampleRandom file.

          certutil -decode ExampleRandom.base64 ExampleRandom

       Output:

          Input Length = 18
          Output Length = 12
          CertUtil: -decode command completed successfully.

       For more information, see GenerateRandom in the AWS Key Management Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       Plaintext -> (blob)
          The random byte string. When you use the HTTP API or the Amazon  Web
          Services  CLI,  the  value  is  Base64-encoded. Otherwise, it is not
          Base64-encoded.

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous hyperlink mismatch: 1 references but 0  targets.   See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                             GENERATE-RANDOM()
