GENERATE-MAC()                                                  GENERATE-MAC()



NAME
       generate-mac -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates a hash-based message authentication code (HMAC) for a message
       using an HMAC KMS key and a MAC algorithm that the  key  supports.  The
       MAC  algorithm  computes  the  HMAC  for the message and the key as de-
       scribed in RFC 2104 .

       You can use the HMAC that this operation generates with the   VerifyMac
       operation  to  demonstrate  that  the original message has not changed.
       Also, because a secret key is used to create the hash, you  can  verify
       that  the  party  that  generated the hash has the required secret key.
       This operation is part of KMS support for HMAC KMS keys.  For  details,
       see  HMAC keys in KMS in the * Key Management Service Developer Guide *
       .

       NOTE:
          Best practices recommend that you limit the time  during  which  any
          signing  mechanism,  including an HMAC, is effective. This deters an
          attack where the actor uses a signed message to  establish  validity
          repeatedly or long after the message is superseded. HMAC tags do not
          include a timestamp, but you can include a timestamp in the token or
          message to help you detect when its time to refresh the HMAC.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : Yes. To perform this operation with a KMS key in
          a different Amazon Web Services account,  specify  the  key  ARN  or
          alias ARN in the value of the KeyId parameter.

          Required permissions : kms:GenerateMac (key policy)

          Related operations :  VerifyMac

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            generate-mac
          --message <value>
          --key-id <value>
          --mac-algorithm <value>
          [--grant-tokens <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --message (blob)
          The message to be hashed. Specify a message of up to 4,096 bytes.
              GenerateMac  and   VerifyMac do not provide special handling for
              message digests. If you generate an HMAC for a hash digest of  a
              message, you must verify the HMAC of the same hash digest.

       --key-id (string)
          The HMAC KMS key to use in the operation. The MAC algorithm computes
          the HMAC for the message and the key as described in RFC 2104 .

          To identify an HMAC KMS key, use the  DescribeKey operation and  see
          the KeySpec field in the response.

       --mac-algorithm (string)
          The MAC algorithm used in the operation.

          The  algorithm  must  be  compatible  with the HMAC KMS key that you
          specify. To find the MAC algorithms that your HMAC KMS key supports,
          use  the   DescribeKey  operation and see the MacAlgorithms field in
          the DescribeKey response.

          Possible values:

          o HMAC_SHA_224

          o HMAC_SHA_256

          o HMAC_SHA_384

          o HMAC_SHA_512

       --grant-tokens (list)
          A list of grant tokens.

          Use a grant token when your permission to call this operation  comes
          from  a  new  grant that has not yet achieved eventual consistency .
          For more information, see Grant token and Using a grant token in the
          Key Management Service Developer Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Mac -> (blob)
          The hash-based message authentication code (HMAC) for the given mes-
          sage, key, and MAC algorithm.

       MacAlgorithm -> (string)
          The MAC algorithm that was used to generate the HMAC.

       KeyId -> (string)
          The HMAC KMS key used in the operation.



                                                                GENERATE-MAC()
