GET-KEY-ROTATION-STATUS()                            GET-KEY-ROTATION-STATUS()



NAME
       get-key-rotation-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  Boolean value that indicates whether automatic rotation of the
       key material is enabled for the specified KMS key.

       When you enable automatic rotation for customer managed KMS keys ,  KMS
       rotates  the  key  material  of the KMS key one year (approximately 365
       days) from the enable date and every year thereafter. You  can  monitor
       rotation of the key material for your KMS keys in CloudTrail and Amazon
       CloudWatch.

       Automatic key rotation is supported only on  symmetric  encryption  KMS
       keys  .  You  cannot enable or disable automatic rotation of asymmetric
       KMS keys , HMAC KMS keys , KMS keys with imported key material , or KMS
       keys  in a custom key store . The key rotation status of these KMS keys
       is always false . To enable or disable automatic rotation of a  set  of
       related multi-Region keys , set the property on the primary key..

       You  can  enable ( EnableKeyRotation ) and disable automatic rotation (
       DisableKeyRotation ) of the key material in customer managed KMS  keys.
       Key  material  rotation  of Amazon Web Services managed KMS keys is not
       configurable. KMS always rotates the key material in  Amazon  Web  Ser-
       vices  managed  KMS keys every year. The key rotation status for Amazon
       Web Services managed KMS keys is always true .

       NOTE:
          In May 2022, KMS changed the rotation schedule for Amazon  Web  Ser-
          vices  managed  keys  from  every three years to every year. For de-
          tails, see  EnableKeyRotation .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state.  For  details,  see Key states of KMS keys in the Key Management
       Service Developer Guide .

       o Disabled: The key rotation status does not change when you disable  a
         KMS  key. However, while the KMS key is disabled, KMS does not rotate
         the key material. When you re-enable the KMS key,  rotation  resumes.
         If  the key material in the re-enabled KMS key hasn't been rotated in
         one year, KMS rotates it immediately, and every year  thereafter.  If
         it's  been  less than a year since the key material in the re-enabled
         KMS key was rotated, the KMS key resumes its prior rotation schedule.

       o Pending deletion: While a KMS key is pending deletion, its key  rota-
         tion status is false and KMS does not rotate the key material. If you
         cancel the deletion, the original key rotation status returns to true
         .
          Cross-account use : Yes. To perform this operation on a KMS key in a
          different Amazon Web Services account, specify the key  ARN  in  the
          value of the KeyId parameter.

          Required permissions : kms:GetKeyRotationStatus (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o DisableKeyRotation

       o EnableKeyRotation

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-key-rotation-status
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Gets the rotation status for the specified KMS key.

          Specify  the  key ID or key ARN of the KMS key. To specify a KMS key
          in a different Amazon Web Services account, you  must  use  the  key
          ARN.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To determine whether a KMS key is automatically rotated.

       The  following get-key-rotation-status example determines whether a KMS
       key is automatically rotated. You can use this command on customer man-
       aged  KMS  keys  and AWS managed KMS keys. However, all AWS managed KMS
       keys are automatically rotated every year.

          aws kms get-key-rotation-status \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       Output:

          {
              "KeyRotationEnabled": true
          }

       For more information, see Rotating keys in the AWS Key Management  Ser-
       vice Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       KeyRotationEnabled -> (boolean)
          A Boolean value that specifies whether key rotation is enabled.



                                                     GET-KEY-ROTATION-STATUS()
