GET-KEY-POLICY()                                              GET-KEY-POLICY()



NAME
       get-key-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a key policy attached to the specified KMS key.
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:GetKeyPolicy (key policy)

          Related operations :  PutKeyPolicy

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-key-policy
          --key-id <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Gets the key policy for the specified KMS key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

       --policy-name (string)
          Specifies the name of the key policy. The only valid name is default
          . To get the names of key policies, use  ListKeyPolicies .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To copy a key policy from one KMS key to another KMS key

       The following get-key-policy example gets the key policy from  one  KMS
       key and saves it in a text file. Then, it replaces the policy of a dif-
       ferent KMS key using the text file as the policy input.

       Because the --policy parameter of put-key-policy requires a string, you
       must use the --output text option to return the output as a text string
       instead of JSON.

          aws kms get-key-policy \
              --policy-name default \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
              --query Policy \
              --output text > policy.txt

          aws kms put-key-policy \
              --policy-name default \
              --key-id 0987dcba-09fe-87dc-65ba-ab0987654321 \
              --policy file://policy.txt

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see PutKeyPolicy in the AWS KMS API Reference.

OUTPUT
       Policy -> (string)
          A key policy document in JSON format.



                                                              GET-KEY-POLICY()
