LIST-KEY-POLICIES()                                        LIST-KEY-POLICIES()



NAME
       list-key-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the names of the key policies that are attached to a KMS key. This
       operation is designed to get  policy  names  that  you  can  use  in  a
       GetKeyPolicy  operation. However, the only valid policy name is default
       .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:ListKeyPolicies (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o GetKeyPolicy

       o PutKeyPolicy

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-key-policies  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: PolicyNames

SYNOPSIS
            list-key-policies
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Gets the names of key policies for the specified KMS key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the names of key policies for a KMS key

       The following list-key-policies example gets the names of the key poli-
       cies for a customer managed key in the example account and Region.  You
       can  use this command to find the names of key policies for AWS managed
       keys and customer managed keys.

       Because the only valid key policy name is default, this command is  not
       useful.

       To  specify  the KMS key, use the key-id parameter. This example uses a
       key ID value, but you can use a key ID or key ARN in this command.

          aws kms list-key-policies \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       Output:

          {
              "PolicyNames": [
              "default"
              ]
          }

       For more information about AWS KMS key policies, see Using Key Policies
       in AWS KMS in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       PolicyNames -> (list)
          A list of key policy names. The only valid value is default .

          (string)

       NextMarker -> (string)
          When  Truncated  is  true,  this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent request.

       Truncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more items in the list. When
          this  value  is true, the list in this response is truncated. To get
          more items, pass the value of the NextMarker element in thisresponse
          to the Marker parameter in a subsequent request.



                                                           LIST-KEY-POLICIES()
