LIST-RESOURCE-TAGS()                                      LIST-RESOURCE-TAGS()



NAME
       list-resource-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns all tags on the specified KMS key.

       For  general  information  about tags, including the format and syntax,
       see Tagging Amazon Web Services resources in the  Amazon  Web  Services
       General  Reference  .  For  information  about  using  tags in KMS, see
       Tagging keys .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:ListResourceTags (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o CreateKey

       o ReplicateKey

       o TagResource

       o UntagResource

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-resource-tags  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-resource-tags
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Gets tags on the specified KMS key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the tags on a KMS key

       The  following  list-resource-tags example gets the tags for a KMS key.
       To add or replace resource tags on KMS keys, use the tag-resource  com-
       mand. The output shows that this KMS key has two resource tags, each of
       which has a key and value.

       To specify the KMS key, use the key-id parameter. This example  uses  a
       key ID value, but you can use a key ID or key ARN in this command.

          aws kms list-resource-tags \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
              {
                  "TagKey": "Dept",
                  "TagValue": "IT"
              },
              {
                  "TagKey": "Purpose",
                  "TagValue": "Test"
              }
              ],
              "Truncated": false
          }

       For  more  information about using tags in AWS KMS, see Tagging keys in
       the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags. Each tag consists of a tag key and a tag value.

          NOTE:
              Tagging or untagging a KMS key can allow or deny  permission  to
              the  KMS key. For details, see ABAC in KMS in the Key Management
              Service Developer Guide .

          (structure)
              A key-value pair. A tag consists of a tag key and a  tag  value.
              Tag keys and tag values are both required, but tag values can be
              empty (null) strings.

              For information about the rules that apply to tag keys  and  tag
              values, see User-Defined Tag Restrictions in the Amazon Web Ser-
              vices Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

              TagKey -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              TagValue -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       NextMarker -> (string)
          When Truncated is true, this element is  present  and  contains  the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent request.

          Do not assume or infer any information from this value.

       Truncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more items in the list. When
          this value is true, the list in this response is truncated.  To  get
          more items, pass the value of the NextMarker element in thisresponse
          to the Marker parameter in a subsequent request.



                                                          LIST-RESOURCE-TAGS()
