RE-ENCRYPT()                                                      RE-ENCRYPT()



NAME
       re-encrypt -

DESCRIPTION
       Decrypts ciphertext and then reencrypts it entirely within KMS. You can
       use this operation to change the KMS key under which data is encrypted,
       such  as  when you manually rotate a KMS key or change the KMS key that
       protects a ciphertext. You can also use it to reencrypt ciphertext  un-
       der the same KMS key, such as to change the encryption context of a ci-
       phertext.

       The ReEncrypt operation can decrypt ciphertext that  was  encrypted  by
       using  a  KMS  key  in an KMS operation, such as  Encrypt or  Generate-
       DataKey . It can also decrypt ciphertext that was  encrypted  by  using
       the  public  key  of  an asymmetric KMS key outside of KMS. However, it
       cannot decrypt ciphertext produced by  other  libraries,  such  as  the
       Amazon  Web Services Encryption SDK or Amazon S3 client-side encryption
       . These libraries return a ciphertext format that is incompatible  with
       KMS.

       When  you  use the ReEncrypt operation, you need to provide information
       for the decrypt operation and the subsequent encrypt operation.

       o If your ciphertext was encrypted under an  asymmetric  KMS  key,  you
         must  use  the SourceKeyId parameter to identify the KMS key that en-
         crypted the ciphertext. You must also supply the encryption algorithm
         that was used. This information is required to decrypt the data.

       o If  your  ciphertext  was  encrypted under a symmetric encryption KMS
         key, the SourceKeyId parameter is optional. KMS can get this informa-
         tion  from  metadata  that  it adds to the symmetric ciphertext blob.
         This feature adds durability to your implementation by ensuring  that
         authorized  users  can  decrypt  ciphertext  decades after it was en-
         crypted, even if they've lost track of the key ID. However,  specify-
         ing the source KMS key is always recommended as a best practice. When
         you use the SourceKeyId parameter to specify a KMS key, KMS uses only
         the KMS key you specify. If the ciphertext was encrypted under a dif-
         ferent KMS key, the ReEncrypt operation fails. This practice  ensures
         that you use the KMS key that you intend.

       o To  reencrypt  the  data, you must use the DestinationKeyId parameter
         specify the KMS key that re-encrypts the data after it is  decrypted.
         If  the  destination  KMS key is an asymmetric KMS key, you must also
         provide the encryption algorithm. The algorithm that you choose  must
         be compatible with the KMS key.

       WARNING:
          When  you use an asymmetric KMS key to encrypt or reencrypt data, be
          sure to record the KMS key and encryption algorithm that you choose.
          You  will be required to provide the same KMS key and encryption al-
          gorithm when you decrypt the data. If the KMS key and  algorithm  do
          not match the values used to encrypt the data, the decrypt operation
          fails. You are not required to supply the key ID and encryption  al-
          gorithm  when you decrypt with symmetric encryption KMS keys because
          KMS stores this information in the ciphertext blob. KMS cannot store
          metadata  in ciphertext generated with asymmetric keys. The standard
          format for asymmetric key ciphertext does not  include  configurable
          fields.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use : Yes. The source KMS key and destination KMS key
          can be in different Amazon Web Services accounts. Either or both KMS
          keys can be in a different account than the caller. To specify a KMS
          key in a different account, you must use its key ARN or alias ARN.

          Required permissions :

       o kms:ReEncryptFrom permission on the source KMS key (key policy)

       o kms:ReEncryptTo permission on the destination KMS key (key policy)

       To permit reencryption from or to a KMS  key,  include  the  "kms:ReEn-
       crypt*"  permission  in  your key policy . This permission is automati-
       cally included in the key policy when you use the console to  create  a
       KMS  key.  But  you  must include it manually when you create a KMS key
       programmatically or when you use the  PutKeyPolicy operation to  set  a
       key policy.
          Related operations:

       o Decrypt

       o Encrypt

       o GenerateDataKey

       o GenerateDataKeyPair

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            re-encrypt
          --ciphertext-blob <value>
          [--source-encryption-context <value>]
          [--source-key-id <value>]
          --destination-key-id <value>
          [--destination-encryption-context <value>]
          [--source-encryption-algorithm <value>]
          [--destination-encryption-algorithm <value>]
          [--grant-tokens <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ciphertext-blob (blob)
          Ciphertext of the data to reencrypt.

       --source-encryption-context (map)
          Specifies  the  encryption context to use to decrypt the ciphertext.
          Enter the same encryption context that was used to encrypt  the  ci-
          phertext.

          An  encryption context is a collection of non-secret key-value pairs
          that represent additional authenticated data. When you  use  an  en-
          cryption  context to encrypt data, you must specify the same (an ex-
          act case-sensitive match) encryption context to decrypt the data. An
          encryption  context  is  supported only on operations with symmetric
          encryption KMS keys. On operations  with  symmetric  encryption  KMS
          keys,  an  encryption context is optional, but it is strongly recom-
          mended.

          For more information, see Encryption context in the  Key  Management
          Service Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --source-key-id (string)
          Specifies  the  KMS  key that KMS will use to decrypt the ciphertext
          before it is re-encrypted.

          Enter a key ID of the KMS key that was used to encrypt  the  cipher-
          text.  If  you identify a different KMS key, the ReEncrypt operation
          throws an IncorrectKeyException .

          This parameter is required only when the  ciphertext  was  encrypted
          under  an asymmetric KMS key. If you used a symmetric encryption KMS
          key, KMS can get the KMS key from metadata that it adds to the  sym-
          metric  ciphertext blob. However, it is always recommended as a best
          practice. This practice ensures that you use the KMS  key  that  you
          intend.

          To  specify a KMS key, use its key ID, key ARN, alias name, or alias
          ARN. When using an alias name, prefix it with "alias/" . To  specify
          a  KMS  key in a different Amazon Web Services account, you must use
          the key ARN or alias ARN.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Alias name: alias/ExampleAlias

          o Alias ARN: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:alias/ExampleAlias

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey . To get the alias name and alias ARN, use  ListAliases .

       --destination-key-id (string)
          A  unique  identifier  for the KMS key that is used to reencrypt the
          data. Specify a symmetric encryption KMS key or  an  asymmetric  KMS
          key  with a KeyUsage value of ENCRYPT_DECRYPT . To find the KeyUsage
          value of a KMS key, use the  DescribeKey operation.

          To specify a KMS key, use its key ID, key ARN, alias name, or  alias
          ARN.  When using an alias name, prefix it with "alias/" . To specify
          a KMS key in a different Amazon Web Services account, you  must  use
          the key ARN or alias ARN.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Alias name: alias/ExampleAlias

          o Alias ARN: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:alias/ExampleAlias

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey . To get the alias name and alias ARN, use  ListAliases .

       --destination-encryption-context (map)
          Specifies that encryption context to use when the  reencrypting  the
          data.

          A  destination encryption context is valid only when the destination
          KMS key is a symmetric encryption KMS key. The  standard  ciphertext
          format for asymmetric KMS keys does not include fields for metadata.

          An  encryption context is a collection of non-secret key-value pairs
          that represent additional authenticated data. When you  use  an  en-
          cryption  context to encrypt data, you must specify the same (an ex-
          act case-sensitive match) encryption context to decrypt the data. An
          encryption  context  is  supported only on operations with symmetric
          encryption KMS keys. On operations  with  symmetric  encryption  KMS
          keys,  an  encryption context is optional, but it is strongly recom-
          mended.

          For more information, see Encryption context in the  Key  Management
          Service Developer Guide .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --source-encryption-algorithm (string)
          Specifies  the encryption algorithm that KMS will use to decrypt the
          ciphertext before it is  reencrypted.  The  default  value,  SYMMET-
          RIC_DEFAULT , represents the algorithm used for symmetric encryption
          KMS keys.

          Specify the same algorithm that was used to encrypt the  ciphertext.
          If you specify a different algorithm, the decrypt attempt fails.

          This  parameter  is  required only when the ciphertext was encrypted
          under an asymmetric KMS key.

          Possible values:

          o SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_1

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_256

       --destination-encryption-algorithm (string)
          Specifies the encryption algorithm that KMS will use to reecrypt the
          data after it has decrypted it. The default value, SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT
          , represents the encryption algorithm used for symmetric  encryption
          KMS keys.

          This  parameter  is required only when the destination KMS key is an
          asymmetric KMS key.

          Possible values:

          o SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_1

          o RSAES_OAEP_SHA_256

       --grant-tokens (list)
          A list of grant tokens.

          Use a grant token when your permission to call this operation  comes
          from  a  new  grant that has not yet achieved eventual consistency .
          For more information, see Grant token and Using a grant token in the
          Key Management Service Developer Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To re-encrypt an encrypted message under a different symmet-
       ric CMK (Linux and macOS).

       The  following  re-encrypt command example demonstrates the recommended
       way to re-encrypt data with the AWS CLI.

       o Provide the ciphertext in a file.
            In the value of the --ciphertext-blob parameter, use the  fileb://
            prefix,  which  tells the CLI to read the data from a binary file.
            If the file is not in the current directory, type the full path to
            file.  For more information about reading AWS CLI parameter values
            from  a  file,  see  Loading  AWS  CLI  parameters  from  a   file
            <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-usage-param-
            eters-file.html> in the AWS Command Line Interface User Guide  and
            Best   Practices   for   Local   File  Parameters<https://aws.ama-
            zon.com/blogs/developer/best-practices-for-local-file-parameters/>
            in the AWS Command Line Tool Blog.

       o Specify the source CMK, which decrypts the ciphertext.
            The --source-key-id parameter is not required when decrypting with
            symmetric CMKs. AWS KMS can get the CMK that was used  to  encrypt
            the data from the metadata in the ciphertext blob. But it's always
            a best practice to specify the CMK you are  using.  This  practice
            ensures  that  you  use  the CMK that you intend, and prevents you
            from inadvertently decrypting a ciphertext using a CMK you do  not
            trust.

       o Specify the destination CMK, which re-encrypts the data.
            The  --destination-key-id parameter is always required. This exam-
            ple uses a key ARN, but you can use any valid key identifier.

       o Request the plaintext output as a text value.
            The --query parameter tells the CLI to get only the value  of  the
            Plaintext  field  from  the output. The --output parameter returns
            the output as text.

       o Base64-decode the plaintext and save it in a file.
            The following example pipes (|) the value of the Plaintext parame-
            ter  to  the  Base64 utility, which decodes it. Then, it redirects
            (>) the decoded output to the ExamplePlaintext file.

       Before running this command, replace the example key IDs with valid key
       identifiers from your AWS account.

          aws kms re-encrypt \
              --ciphertext-blob fileb://ExampleEncryptedFile \
              --source-key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
              --destination-key-id 0987dcba-09fe-87dc-65ba-ab0987654321 \
              --query CiphertextBlob \
              --output text | base64 --decode > ExampleReEncryptedFile

       This command produces no output. The output from the decrypt command is
       base64-decoded and saved in a file.

       For more information, see
       `Using symmetric and asymmetric keys <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/symmetric-asymmetric.html`__
        in the AWS KMS Developer Guide.

       Example 2: To re-encrypt an encrypted message under a different symmet-
       ric CMK (Windows command prompt).

       The  following  re-encrypt  command example is the same as the previous
       one except that it uses  the  certutil  utility  to  Base64-decode  the
       plaintext  data.  This procedure requires two commands, as shown in the
       following examples.

       Before running this command, replace the example key ID  with  a  valid
       key ID from your AWS account.

          aws kms re-encrypt ^
              --ciphertext-blob fileb://ExampleEncryptedFile ^
              --source-key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab ^
              --destination-key-id 0987dcba-09fe-87dc-65ba-ab0987654321 ^
              --query CiphertextBlob ^
              --output text > ExampleReEncryptedFile.base64

       Then use the certutil utility

          certutil -decode ExamplePlaintextFile.base64 ExamplePlaintextFile

       Output:

          Input Length = 18
          Output Length = 12
          CertUtil: -decode command completed successfully.

       For more information, see
       `Using symmetric and asymmetric keys <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/symmetric-asymmetric.html`__
        in the AWS KMS Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       CiphertextBlob -> (blob)
          The  reencrypted  data.  When you use the HTTP API or the Amazon Web
          Services CLI, the value is  Base64-encoded.  Otherwise,  it  is  not
          Base64-encoded.

       SourceKeyId -> (string)
          Unique  identifier  of  the  KMS  key used to originally encrypt the
          data.

       KeyId -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (key ARN ) of the KMS key that was used  to
          reencrypt the data.

       SourceEncryptionAlgorithm -> (string)
          The encryption algorithm that was used to decrypt the ciphertext be-
          fore it was reencrypted.

       DestinationEncryptionAlgorithm -> (string)
          The encryption algorithm that was used to reencrypt the data.

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:)
              Anonymous hyperlink mismatch: 2 references but 0  targets.   See
              "backrefs" attribute for IDs.



                                                                  RE-ENCRYPT()
