ROTATE-KEY-ON-DEMAND()                                  ROTATE-KEY-ON-DEMAND()



NAME
       rotate-key-on-demand -

DESCRIPTION
       Immediately  initiates  rotation  of  the key material of the specified
       symmetric encryption KMS key.

       You can perform on-demand rotation of the key material in customer man-
       aged  KMS  keys, regardless of whether or not automatic key rotation is
       enabled. On-demand rotations do not change existing automatic  rotation
       schedules. For example, consider a KMS key that has automatic key rota-
       tion enabled with a rotation period of 730 days. If the key  is  sched-
       uled  to  automatically  rotate  on  April 14, 2024, and you perform an
       on-demand rotation on April 10, 2024, the key  will  automatically  ro-
       tate, as scheduled, on April 14, 2024 and every 730 days thereafter.

       NOTE:
          You can perform on-demand key rotation a maximum of 10 times per KMS
          key. You can use the KMS console to view  the  number  of  remaining
          on-demand rotations available for a KMS key.

       You can use  GetKeyRotationStatus to identify any in progress on-demand
       rotations. You can use  ListKeyRotations to identify the date that com-
       pleted  on-demand rotations were performed. You can monitor rotation of
       the key material for your KMS keys in CloudTrail and Amazon CloudWatch.

       On-demand key rotation is supported only on  symmetric  encryption  KMS
       keys  .  You cannot perform on-demand rotation of asymmetric KMS keys ,
       HMAC KMS keys , KMS keys with imported key material , or KMS keys in  a
       custom  key  store  . To perform on-demand rotation of a set of related
       multi-Region keys , invoke the on-demand rotation on the primary key.

       You cannot initiate on-demand rotation of Amazon Web  Services  managed
       KMS  keys  . KMS always rotates the key material of Amazon Web Services
       managed keys every year. Rotation of Amazon Web Services owned KMS keys
       is managed by the Amazon Web Services service that owns the key.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:RotateKeyOnDemand (key policy)

          Related operations:

       o EnableKeyRotation

       o DisableKeyRotation

       o GetKeyRotationStatus

       o ListKeyRotations
          Eventual consistency : The KMS API follows an  eventual  consistency
          model. For more information, see KMS eventual consistency .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            rotate-key-on-demand
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies a symmetric encryption KMS key. You cannot perform on-de-
          mand rotation of asymmetric KMS keys , HMAC KMS keys , KMS keys with
          imported  key material , or KMS keys in a custom key store . To per-
          form on-demand rotation of a set of related multi-Region keys ,  in-
          voke the on-demand rotation on the primary key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To perform on-demand rotation of a KMS key

       The following rotate-key-on-demand example immediately initiates  rota-
       tion of the key material for the specified KMS key.

          aws kms rotate-key-on-demand \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       Output:

          {
              "KeyId": "1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab"
          }

       For  more information, see How to perform on-demand key rotation in the
       AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       KeyId -> (string)
          Identifies the symmetric  encryption  KMS  key  that  you  initiated
          on-demand rotation on.



                                                        ROTATE-KEY-ON-DEMAND()
