SCHEDULE-KEY-DELETION()                                SCHEDULE-KEY-DELETION()



NAME
       schedule-key-deletion -

DESCRIPTION
       Schedules  the deletion of a KMS key. By default, KMS applies a waiting
       period of 30 days, but you can specify a waiting period of  7-30  days.
       When this operation is successful, the key state of the KMS key changes
       to PendingDeletion and the key can't be used in any cryptographic oper-
       ations.  It  remains  in this state for the duration of the waiting pe-
       riod. Before the waiting period ends, you can use  CancelKeyDeletion to
       cancel  the deletion of the KMS key. After the waiting period ends, KMS
       deletes the KMS key, its key material, and all KMS data associated with
       it, including all aliases that refer to it.

       WARNING:
          Deleting a KMS key is a destructive and potentially dangerous opera-
          tion. When a KMS key is deleted, all data that was  encrypted  under
          the  KMS key is unrecoverable. (The only exception is a multi-Region
          replica key.) To prevent the use of a KMS key without  deleting  it,
          use  DisableKey .

       If  you  schedule  deletion of a KMS key from a custom key store , when
       the waiting period expires, ScheduleKeyDeletion  deletes  the  KMS  key
       from  KMS. Then KMS makes a best effort to delete the key material from
       the associated CloudHSM cluster. However, you might  need  to  manually
       delete the orphaned key material from the cluster and its backups.

       You  can  schedule  the  deletion of a multi-Region primary key and its
       replica keys at any time. However, KMS will not delete  a  multi-Region
       primary key with existing replica keys. If you schedule the deletion of
       a primary key with replicas, its key  state  changes  to  PendingRepli-
       caDeletion  and it cannot be replicated or used in cryptographic opera-
       tions. This status can continue indefinitely.  When  the  last  of  its
       replicas  keys  is  deleted  (not just scheduled), the key state of the
       primary key changes to PendingDeletion and its waiting period (Pending-
       WindowInDays  )  begins. For details, see Deleting multi-Region keys in
       the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       For more information about scheduling  a  KMS  key  for  deletion,  see
       Deleting KMS keys in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:ScheduleKeyDeletion (key policy)

          Related operations

       o CancelKeyDeletion

       o DisableKey

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            schedule-key-deletion
          --key-id <value>
          [--pending-window-in-days <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the KMS key to delete.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

       --pending-window-in-days (integer)
          The  waiting  period, specified in number of days. After the waiting
          period ends, KMS deletes the KMS key.

          If the KMS key is a multi-Region primary key with replica keys,  the
          waiting  period begins when the last of its replica keys is deleted.
          Otherwise, the waiting period begins immediately.

          This value is optional. If you include a value, it must be between 7
          and 30, inclusive. If you do not include a value, it defaults to 30.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To schedule the deletion of a customer managed KMS key.

       The  following  schedule-key-deletion  example  schedules the specified
       customer managed KMS key to be deleted in 15 days.

       o The --key-id parameter identifies the KMS key. This  example  uses  a
         key  ARN  value,  but you can use either the key ID or the ARN of the
         KMS key.

       o The --pending-window-in-days parameter specifies the  length  of  the
         7-30  day  waiting period. By default, the waiting period is 30 days.
         This example specifies a value of 15, which tells AWS to  permanently
         delete the KMS key 15 days after the command completes.

            aws kms schedule-key-deletion \
                --key-id arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
                --pending-window-in-days 15

       The  response includes the key ARN, key state, waiting period (Pending-
       WindowInDays), and the deletion date in Unix time. To view the deletion
       date  in  local  time,  use the AWS KMS console.  KMS keys in the Pend-
       ingDeletion key state cannot be used in cryptographic operations.

          {
              "KeyId": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab",
              "DeletionDate": "2022-06-18T23:43:51.272000+00:00",
              "KeyState": "PendingDeletion",
              "PendingWindowInDays": 15
          }

       For more information, see Deleting keys in the AWS Key Management  Ser-
       vice Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       KeyId -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (key ARN ) of the KMS key whose deletion is
          scheduled.

       DeletionDate -> (timestamp)
          The date and time after which KMS deletes the KMS key.

          If the KMS key is a multi-Region primary key with replica keys, this
          field  does  not appear. The deletion date for the primary key isn't
          known until its last replica key is deleted.

       KeyState -> (string)
          The current status of the KMS key.

          For more information about how key state affects the use  of  a  KMS
          key, see Key states of KMS keys in the Key Management Service Devel-
          oper Guide .

       PendingWindowInDays -> (integer)
          The waiting period before the KMS key is deleted.

          If the KMS key is a multi-Region  primary  key  with  replicas,  the
          waiting  period begins when the last of its replica keys is deleted.
          Otherwise, the waiting period begins immediately.



                                                       SCHEDULE-KEY-DELETION()
