UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes tags from a customer managed key . To delete a tag, specify the
       tag key and the KMS key.

       NOTE:
          Tagging or untagging a KMS key can allow or deny permission  to  the
          KMS  key.  For  details, see Using ABAC in KMS in the Key Management
          Service Developer Guide .

       When it succeeds, the UntagResource operation doesn't return  any  out-
       put.  Also,  if  the  specified  tag key isn't found on the KMS key, it
       doesn't throw an exception or return a response. To  confirm  that  the
       operation worked, use the  ListResourceTags operation.

       For information about using tags in KMS, see Tagging keys . For general
       information about tags, including the format and  syntax,  see  Tagging
       Amazon Web Services resources in the Amazon Web Services General Refer-
       ence .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state.  For  details,  see Key state: Effect on your KMS key in the Key
       Management Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:UntagResource (key policy)

          Related operations

       o CreateKey

       o ListResourceTags

       o ReplicateKey

       o TagResource

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --key-id <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies the KMS key from which you are removing tags.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --tag-keys (list)
          One or more tag keys. Specify only the tag keys, not the tag values.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a tag from an AWS KMS CMK

       The following untag-resource example deletes the tag with the "Purpose"
       key from a customer managed CMK.

       To specify the CMK, use the key-id parameter. This example uses  a  key
       ID  value,  but you can use a key ID or key ARN in this command. Before
       running this command, replace the example key ID with a  valid  key  ID
       from your AWS account.

          aws kms untag-resource \
              --key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
              --tag-key 'Purpose'

       This  command  produces  no output. To view the tags on an AWS KMS CMK,
       use the list-resource-tags command.

       For more information about using tags in AWS KMS, see Tagging  Keys  in
       the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
