UPDATE-KEY-DESCRIPTION()                              UPDATE-KEY-DESCRIPTION()



NAME
       update-key-description -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  description of a KMS key. To see the description of a KMS
       key, use  DescribeKey .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state.  For  details,  see Key states of KMS keys in the Key Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot perform this operation on  a  KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions : kms:UpdateKeyDescription (key policy)

          Related operations

       o CreateKey

       o DescribeKey

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-key-description
          --key-id <value>
          --description <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Updates the description of the specified KMS key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To  get  the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys or  De-
          scribeKey .

       --description (string)
          New description for the KMS key.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To add or change a description to a customer managed KMS key

       The following update-key-description example adds a  description  to  a
       customer managed KMS key. You can use the same command to change an ex-
       isting description.

       o The --key-id parameter identifies the KMS key in  the  command.  This
         example  uses  a  key ARN value, but you can use either the key ID or
         the key ARN of the KMS key.

       o The --description parameter specifies the new description. The  value
         of this parameter replaces the current description of the KMS key, if
         any.

            aws kms update-key-description \
                --key-id arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab \
                --description "IT Department test key"

       This command produces no output. To view the description of a KMS  key,
       use the describe-key command.

       For  more  information, see UpdateKeyDescription in the AWS Key Manage-
       ment Service API Reference.

       Example 2: To delete the description of a customer managed KMS key

       The following update-key-description example deletes the description to
       a customer managed KMS key.

       o The  --key-id  parameter  identifies the KMS key in the command. This
         example uses a key ID value, but you can use either the key ID or the
         key ARN of the KMS key.

       o The  --description  parameter with an empty string value ('') deletes
         the existing description.

            aws kms update-key-description \
                --key-id 0987dcba-09fe-87dc-65ba-ab0987654321 \
                --description ''

       This command produces no output. To view the description of a KMS  key,
       use the the describe-key command.

       For  more  information, see UpdateKeyDescription in the AWS Key Manage-
       ment Service API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      UPDATE-KEY-DESCRIPTION()
