UPDATE-ALIAS()                                                  UPDATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       update-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  an  existing KMS alias with a different KMS key. Each alias
       is associated with only one KMS key at a time, although a KMS  key  can
       have  multiple  aliases.  The alias and the KMS key must be in the same
       Amazon Web Services account and Region.

       NOTE:
          Adding, deleting, or updating an alias can allow or deny  permission
          to  the  KMS key. For details, see ABAC in KMS in the Key Management
          Service Developer Guide .

       The current and new KMS key must be the same type  (both  symmetric  or
       both  asymmetric),  and  they must have the same key usage (ENCRYPT_DE-
       CRYPT or SIGN_VERIFY ). This restriction prevents errors in  code  that
       uses  aliases.  If  you must assign an alias to a different type of KMS
       key, use  DeleteAlias to delete the old alias and  CreateAlias to  cre-
       ate a new alias.

       You  cannot use UpdateAlias to change an alias name. To change an alias
       name, use  DeleteAlias to delete the old alias and  CreateAlias to cre-
       ate a new alias.

       Because  an  alias  is not a property of a KMS key, you can create, up-
       date, and delete the aliases of a KMS key  without  affecting  the  KMS
       key.  Also, aliases do not appear in the response from the  DescribeKey
       operation. To get the aliases of all KMS keys in the account,  use  the
       ListAliases operation.

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account  use  : No. You cannot perform this operation on a KMS
          key in a different Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions

       o kms:UpdateAlias on the alias (IAM policy).

       o kms:UpdateAlias on the current KMS key (key policy).

       o kms:UpdateAlias on the new KMS key (key policy).

       For details, see Controlling access to aliases in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Related operations:

       o CreateAlias

       o DeleteAlias

       o ListAliases

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-alias
          --alias-name <value>
          --target-key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-name (string)
          Identifies  the  alias that is changing its KMS key. This value must
          begin with alias/ followed by the alias name,  such  as  alias/Exam-
          pleAlias . You cannot use UpdateAlias to change the alias name.

       --target-key-id (string)
          Identifies the customer managed key to associate with the alias. You
          don't have permission to associate an alias with an Amazon Web  Ser-
          vices managed key .

          The  KMS key must be in the same Amazon Web Services account and Re-
          gion as the alias. Also, the new target KMS key  must  be  the  same
          type  as the current target KMS key (both symmetric or both asymmet-
          ric) and they must have the same key usage.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of the KMS key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

          To  verify  that  the  alias  is  mapped to the correct KMS key, use
          ListAliases .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To associate an alias with a different KMS key

       The following update-alias example associates the alias  alias/test-key
       with a different KMS key.

       o The  --alias-name parameter specifies the alias. The alias name value
         must begin with alias/.

       o The --target-key-id parameter specifies the KMS key to associate with
         the  alias.  You  don't  need  to specify the current KMS key for the
         alias.

            aws kms update-alias \
                --alias-name alias/test-key \
                --target-key-id 1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab

       This  command  produces  no  output.  To  find  the  alias,   use   the
       list-aliases command.

       For  more  information,  see Updating aliases in the AWS Key Management
       Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                UPDATE-ALIAS()
