UPDATE-PRIMARY-REGION()                                UPDATE-PRIMARY-REGION()



NAME
       update-primary-region -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes the primary key of a multi-Region key.

       This  operation  changes  the  replica key in the specified Region to a
       primary key and changes the former primary key to a  replica  key.  For
       example,  suppose you have a primary key in us-east-1 and a replica key
       in eu-west-2 . If you  run  UpdatePrimaryRegion  with  a  PrimaryRegion
       value  of eu-west-2 , the primary key is now the key in eu-west-2 , and
       the key in us-east-1 becomes a replica key. For details,  see  Updating
       the primary Region in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       This  operation  supports  multi-Region keys , an KMS feature that lets
       you create multiple interoperable KMS keys in different Amazon Web Ser-
       vices  Regions.  Because these KMS keys have the same key ID, key mate-
       rial, and other metadata, you can use them interchangeably  to  encrypt
       data  in  one  Amazon Web Services Region and decrypt it in a different
       Amazon Web Services Region without re-encrypting the data or  making  a
       cross-Region  call.  For  more information about multi-Region keys, see
       Using multi-Region keys in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       The primary key of a multi-Region key is the source for properties that
       are  always shared by primary and replica keys, including the key mate-
       rial, key ID , key spec ,  key  usage  ,  key  material  origin  ,  and
       automatic  key rotation . It's the only key that can be replicated. You
       cannot delete the primary key until all replica keys are deleted.

       The key ID and primary Region that you specify  uniquely  identify  the
       replica  key  that will become the primary key. The primary Region must
       already have a replica key. This operation does not create a KMS key in
       the  specified  Region.  To find the replica keys, use the  DescribeKey
       operation on the primary key or any replica key. To  create  a  replica
       key, use the  ReplicateKey operation.

       You  can  run this operation while using the affected multi-Region keys
       in cryptographic operations. This operation should  not  delay,  inter-
       rupt, or cause failures in cryptographic operations.

       Even  after  this operation completes, the process of updating the pri-
       mary Region might still be in progress for a few more  seconds.  Opera-
       tions  such  as  DescribeKey might display both the old and new primary
       keys as replicas. The old and new primary keys  have  a  transient  key
       state  of Updating . The original key state is restored when the update
       is complete. While the key state is Updating , you can use the keys  in
       cryptographic  operations, but you cannot replicate the new primary key
       or perform certain management operations, such as enabling or disabling
       these  keys.  For  details about the Updating key state, see Key state:
       Effect on your KMS key in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       This operation does not return any output. To verify that  primary  key
       is changed, use the  DescribeKey operation.
          Cross-account use : No. You cannot use this operation in a different
          Amazon Web Services account.

          Required permissions :

       o kms:UpdatePrimaryRegion on the current primary key  (in  the  primary
         key's Region). Include this permission primary key's key policy.

       o kms:UpdatePrimaryRegion  on  the  current replica key (in the replica
         key's Region). Include this permission in the replica key's key  pol-
         icy.
          Related operations

       o CreateKey

       o ReplicateKey

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-primary-region
          --key-id <value>
          --primary-region <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --key-id (string)
          Identifies  the  current  primary key. When the operation completes,
          this KMS key will be a replica key.

          Specify the key ID or key ARN of a multi-Region primary key.

          For example:

          o Key ID: mrk-1234abcd12ab34cd56ef1234567890ab

          o Key                                                           ARN:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:111122223333:key/mrk-1234abcd12ab34cd56ef1234567890ab

          To get the key ID and key ARN for a KMS key, use  ListKeys  or   De-
          scribeKey .

       --primary-region (string)
          The Amazon Web Services Region of the new primary key. Enter the Re-
          gion ID, such as us-east-1 or ap-southeast-2 . There must be an  ex-
          isting replica key in this Region.

          When  the  operation  completes, the multi-Region key in this Region
          will be the primary key.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       UPDATE-PRIMARY-REGION()
