VERIFY-MAC()                                                      VERIFY-MAC()



NAME
       verify-mac -

DESCRIPTION
       Verifies the hash-based message authentication code (HMAC) for a speci-
       fied message, HMAC KMS key, and MAC algorithm. To verify the HMAC, Ver-
       ifyMac  computes an HMAC using the message, HMAC KMS key, and MAC algo-
       rithm that you specify, and compares the computed HMAC to the HMAC that
       you  specify.  If  the  HMACs are identical, the verification succeeds;
       otherwise, it fails.

       Verification indicates that the message hasn't changed since  the  HMAC
       was  calculated,  and the specified key was used to generate and verify
       the HMAC.

       This operation is part of KMS support for HMAC KMS keys.  For  details,
       see HMAC keys in KMS in the Key Management Service Developer Guide .

       The KMS key that you use for this operation must be in a compatible key
       state. For details, see Key states of KMS keys in  the  Key  Management
       Service Developer Guide .
          Cross-account use : Yes. To perform this operation with a KMS key in
          a different Amazon Web Services account,  specify  the  key  ARN  or
          alias ARN in the value of the KeyId parameter.

          Required permissions : kms:VerifyMac (key policy)

          Related operations :  GenerateMac

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            verify-mac
          --message <value>
          --key-id <value>
          --mac-algorithm <value>
          --mac <value>
          [--grant-tokens <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --message (blob)
          The  message  that  will be used in the verification. Enter the same
          message that was used to generate the HMAC.
              GenerateMac and VerifyMac do not provide  special  handling  for
              message digests. If you generated an HMAC for a hash digest of a
              message, you must verify the HMAC for the same hash digest.

       --key-id (string)
          The KMS key that will be used in the verification.

          Enter a key ID of the KMS key that was used to generate the HMAC. If
          you identify a different KMS key, the VerifyMac operation fails.

       --mac-algorithm (string)
          The  MAC  algorithm that will be used in the verification. Enter the
          same MAC algorithm that was used to compute the HMAC. This algorithm
          must be supported by the HMAC KMS key identified by the KeyId param-
          eter.

          Possible values:

          o HMAC_SHA_224

          o HMAC_SHA_256

          o HMAC_SHA_384

          o HMAC_SHA_512

       --mac (blob)
          The HMAC to verify. Enter the HMAC that was generated by the  Gener-
          ateMac  operation when you specified the same message, HMAC KMS key,
          and MAC algorithm as the values specified in this request.

       --grant-tokens (list)
          A list of grant tokens.

          Use a grant token when your permission to call this operation  comes
          from  a  new  grant that has not yet achieved eventual consistency .
          For more information, see Grant token and Using a grant token in the
          Key Management Service Developer Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyId -> (string)
          The HMAC KMS key used in the verification.

       MacValid -> (boolean)
          A Boolean value that indicates whether  the  HMAC  was  verified.  A
          value  of True indicates that the HMAC (Mac ) was generated with the
          specified Message , HMAC KMS key (KeyID ) and MacAlgorithm. .

          If the HMAC is not verified, the VerifyMac operation  fails  with  a
          KMSInvalidMacException  exception. This exception indicates that one
          or more of the inputs changed since the HMAC was computed.

       MacAlgorithm -> (string)
          The MAC algorithm used in the verification.



                                                                  VERIFY-MAC()
