ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()                                  ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       advertise-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Advertises  an IPv4 address range that is provisioned for use with your
       AWS resources through bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP). It can  take
       a  few minutes before traffic to the specified addresses starts routing
       to AWS because of propagation delays.

       To stop advertising the BYOIP address range, use WithdrawByoipCidr .

       For more information, see Bring Your Own IP Addresses  (BYOIP)  in  the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            advertise-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The  address  range,  in CIDR notation. This must be the exact range
          that you provisioned. You can't advertise only a portion of the pro-
          visioned range.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To advertise an address range

       The following advertise-byoip-cidr example requests AWS to advertise an
       address range that you've provisioned for use with your AWS resources.

          aws globalaccelerator advertise-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr 198.51.100.0/24

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "198.51.100.0/24",
                  "State": "PENDING_ADVERTISING"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Bring Your Own IP Address in AWS  Global  Ac-
       celerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address range.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.

          Events -> (list)
              A  history  of  status  changes for an IP address range that you
              bring to AWS Global Accelerator through bring your  own  IP  ad-
              dress (BYOIP).

              (structure)
                 A  complex type that contains a Message and a Timestamp value
                 for changes that you make in the status an IP  address  range
                 that  you  bring to AWS Global Accelerator through bring your
                 own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  string  that  contains  an  Event  message  describing
                     changes  that  you  make  in  the status of an IP address
                     range that you bring to AWS  Global  Accelerator  through
                     bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                     A  timestamp  when you make a status change for an IP ad-
                     dress range that you  bring  to  AWS  Global  Accelerator
                     through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).



                                                        ADVERTISE-BYOIP-CIDR()
