ALLOW-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()                  ALLOW-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()



NAME
       allow-custom-routing-traffic -

DESCRIPTION
       Specify  the  Amazon  EC2 instance (destination) IP addresses and ports
       for a VPC subnet endpoint that can receive traffic for a custom routing
       accelerator.  You  can  allow traffic to all destinations in the subnet
       endpoint, or allow traffic to a specified list of  destination  IP  ad-
       dresses  and  ports  in the subnet. Note that you cannot specify IP ad-
       dresses or ports outside of the range that you configured for the  end-
       point group.

       After you make changes, you can verify that the updates are complete by
       checking the status  of  your  accelerator:  the  status  changes  from
       IN_PROGRESS to DEPLOYED.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            allow-custom-routing-traffic
          --endpoint-group-arn <value>
          --endpoint-id <value>
          [--destination-addresses <value>]
          [--destination-ports <value>]
          [--allow-all-traffic-to-endpoint | --no-allow-all-traffic-to-endpoint]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint group.

       --endpoint-id (string)
          An ID for the endpoint. For custom routing accelerators, this is the
          virtual private cloud (VPC) subnet ID.

       --destination-addresses (list)
          A list of specific Amazon EC2 instance IP addresses (destination ad-
          dresses)  in a subnet that you want to allow to receive traffic. The
          IP addresses must be a subset of the IP addresses that you specified
          for the endpoint group.
              DestinationAddresses is required if AllowAllTrafficToEndpoint is
              FALSE or is not specified.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --destination-ports (list)
          A list of specific Amazon EC2  instance  ports  (destination  ports)
          that you want to allow to receive traffic.

          (integer)

       Syntax:

          integer integer ...

       --allow-all-traffic-to-endpoint   |  --no-allow-all-traffic-to-endpoint
       (boolean)
          Indicates whether all destination IP addresses and ports for a spec-
          ified  VPC subnet endpoint can receive traffic from a custom routing
          accelerator. The value is TRUE or FALSE.

          When set to TRUE, all destinations in the custom routing VPC  subnet
          can receive traffic. Note that you cannot specify destination IP ad-
          dresses and ports when the value is set to TRUE.

          When set to FALSE (or not specified), you must  specify  a  list  of
          destination IP addresses that are allowed to receive traffic. A list
          of ports is optional. If you don't specify  a  list  of  ports,  the
          ports  that  can  accept traffic is the same as the ports configured
          for the endpoint group.

          The default value is FALSE.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To allow traffic to specific Amazon EC2 instance destinations in a  VPC
       subnet for a custom routing accelerator

       The following allow-custom-routing-traffic example specifies that traf-
       fic is allowed to certain Amazon  EC2  instance  (destination)  IP  ad-
       dresses  and ports for a VPC subnet endpoint in a custom routing accel-
       erator can receive traffic.

          aws globalaccelerator allow-custom-routing-traffic \
              --endpoint-group-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/0123vxyz/endpoint-group/ab88888example \
              --endpoint-id subnet-abcd123example \
              --destination-addresses "172.31.200.6" "172.31.200.7" \
              --destination-ports 80 81

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see VPC subnet endpoints for custom  routing  ac-
       celerators  in AWS Global Accelerator in the AWS Global Accelerator De-
       veloper Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                ALLOW-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()
