CREATE-ENDPOINT-GROUP()                                CREATE-ENDPOINT-GROUP()



NAME
       create-endpoint-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  an endpoint group for the specified listener. An endpoint group
       is a collection of endpoints in one AWS  Region.  A  resource  must  be
       valid and active when you add it as an endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-endpoint-group
          --listener-arn <value>
          --endpoint-group-region <value>
          [--endpoint-configurations <value>]
          [--traffic-dial-percentage <value>]
          [--health-check-port <value>]
          [--health-check-protocol <value>]
          [--health-check-path <value>]
          [--health-check-interval-seconds <value>]
          [--threshold-count <value>]
          [--idempotency-token <value>]
          [--port-overrides <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --listener-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

       --endpoint-group-region (string)
          The  AWS  Region where the endpoint group is located. A listener can
          have only one endpoint group in a specific Region.

       --endpoint-configurations (list)
          The list of endpoint objects.

          (structure)
              A complex type for endpoints. A resource must be valid  and  ac-
              tive when you add it as an endpoint.

              EndpointId -> (string)
                 An  ID  for  the  endpoint. If the endpoint is a Network Load
                 Balancer or Application Load Balancer, this is the Amazon Re-
                 source  Name  (ARN)  of  the  resource. If the endpoint is an
                 Elastic IP address, this is the Elastic IP address allocation
                 ID.  For Amazon EC2 instances, this is the EC2 instance ID. A
                 resource must be valid and active when you add it as an  end-
                 point.

                 An Application Load Balancer can be either internal or inter-
                 net-facing.

              Weight -> (integer)
                 The weight associated with the endpoint. When you add weights
                 to  endpoints,  you configure AWS Global Accelerator to route
                 traffic based on proportions that you specify.  For  example,
                 you  might  specify  endpoint  weights  of  4,  5,  5,  and 6
                 (sum=20). The result is that 4/20 of your traffic,  on  aver-
                 age,  is routed to the first endpoint, 5/20 is routed both to
                 the second and third endpoints, and 6/20  is  routed  to  the
                 last  endpoint. For more information, see Endpoint Weights in
                 the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

              ClientIPPreservationEnabled -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether client IP address preservation  is  enabled
                 for  an Application Load Balancer endpoint. The value is true
                 or false. The default value is true for new accelerators.

                 If the value is set to true, the client's IP address is  pre-
                 served in the X-Forwarded-For request header as traffic trav-
                 els to applications on the Application Load Balancer endpoint
                 fronted by the accelerator.

                 For more information, see Preserve Client IP Addresses in AWS
                 Global Accelerator in the AWS  Global  Accelerator  Developer
                 Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          EndpointId=string,Weight=integer,ClientIPPreservationEnabled=boolean ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "EndpointId": "string",
              "Weight": integer,
              "ClientIPPreservationEnabled": true|false
            }
            ...
          ]

       --traffic-dial-percentage (float)
          The percentage of traffic to send to an AWS Region. Additional traf-
          fic is distributed to other endpoint groups for this listener.

          Use this action to increase (dial up) or decrease (dial down)  traf-
          fic  to  a specific Region. The percentage is applied to the traffic
          that would otherwise have been routed to the Region based on optimal
          routing.

          The default value is 100.

       --health-check-port (integer)
          The  port  that  AWS  Global Accelerator uses to check the health of
          endpoints that are part of this endpoint group. The default port  is
          the  listener  port  that this endpoint group is associated with. If
          listener port is a list of ports, Global Accelerator uses the  first
          port in the list.

       --health-check-protocol (string)
          The protocol that AWS Global Accelerator uses to check the health of
          endpoints that are part of this endpoint group. The default value is
          TCP.

          Possible values:

          o TCP

          o HTTP

          o HTTPS

       --health-check-path (string)
          If  the protocol is HTTP/S, then this specifies the path that is the
          destination for health check targets. The  default  value  is  slash
          (/).

       --health-check-interval-seconds (integer)
          The  time10  seconds  or  30 secondsbetween each health check for an
          endpoint. The default value is 30.

       --threshold-count (integer)
          The number of consecutive health checks required to set the state of
          a  healthy endpoint to unhealthy, or to set an unhealthy endpoint to
          healthy. The default value is 3.

       --idempotency-token (string)
          A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to  ensure  the
          idempotencythat is, the uniquenessof the request.

       --port-overrides (list)
          Override  specific listener ports used to route traffic to endpoints
          that are part of this endpoint group. For example, you can create  a
          port  override  in which the listener receives user traffic on ports
          80 and 443, but your accelerator routes that traffic to  ports  1080
          and 1443, respectively, on the endpoints.

          For more information, see Port overrides in the AWS Global Accelera-
          tor Developer Guide .

          (structure)
              Override specific listener ports used to route traffic  to  end-
              points  that are part of an endpoint group. For example, you can
              create a port override in which the listener receives user traf-
              fic  on ports 80 and 443, but your accelerator routes that traf-
              fic to ports 1080 and 1443, respectively, on the endpoints.

              For more information, see Port overrides in the AWS  Global  Ac-
              celerator Developer Guide .

              ListenerPort -> (integer)
                 The listener port that you want to map to a specific endpoint
                 port. This is the port  that  user  traffic  arrives  to  the
                 Global Accelerator on.

              EndpointPort -> (integer)
                 The  endpoint port that you want a listener port to be mapped
                 to. This is the port on the endpoint, such as the Application
                 Load Balancer or Amazon EC2 instance.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ListenerPort=integer,EndpointPort=integer ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "ListenerPort": integer,
              "EndpointPort": integer
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create an endpoint group

       The following create-endpoint-group example creates an  endpoint  group
       with one endpoint.

          aws globalaccelerator create-endpoint-group \
              --listener-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/0123vxyz \
              --endpoint-group-region us-east-1 \
              --endpoint-configurations EndpointId=i-1234567890abcdef0,Weight=128

       Output:

          {
              "EndpointGroup": {
                  "TrafficDialPercentage": 100.0,
                  "EndpointDescriptions": [
                      {
                          "Weight": 128,
                          "EndpointId": "i-1234567890abcdef0"
                      }
                  ],
                  "EndpointGroupArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/0123vxyz/endpoint-group/098765zyxwvu",
                  "EndpointGroupRegion": "us-east-1"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Endpoint groups in AWS Global Accelerator in
       the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       EndpointGroup -> (structure)
          The information about the endpoint group that was created.

          EndpointGroupArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint group.

          EndpointGroupRegion -> (string)
              The AWS Region where the endpoint group is located.

          EndpointDescriptions -> (list)
              The list of endpoint objects.

              (structure)
                 A complex type for an endpoint. Each endpoint group  can  in-
                 clude one or more endpoints, such as load balancers.

                 EndpointId -> (string)
                     An ID for the endpoint. If the endpoint is a Network Load
                     Balancer or Application Load Balancer, this is the Amazon
                     Resource  Name  (ARN) of the resource. If the endpoint is
                     an Elastic IP address, this is the Elastic IP address al-
                     location  ID.  For  Amazon EC2 instances, this is the EC2
                     instance ID.

                     An Application Load Balancer can be  either  internal  or
                     internet-facing.

                 Weight -> (integer)
                     The  weight  associated  with  the endpoint. When you add
                     weights to endpoints, you configure AWS Global  Accelera-
                     tor  to route traffic based on proportions that you spec-
                     ify. For example, you might specify endpoint  weights  of
                     4,  5, 5, and 6 (sum=20). The result is that 4/20 of your
                     traffic, on average, is routed  to  the  first  endpoint,
                     5/20  is  routed  both to the second and third endpoints,
                     and 6/20 is routed to the last endpoint. For more  infor-
                     mation,  see Endpoint Weights in the AWS Global Accelera-
                     tor Developer Guide .

                 HealthState -> (string)
                     The health status of the endpoint.

                 HealthReason -> (string)
                     Returns a null result.

                 ClientIPPreservationEnabled -> (boolean)
                     Indicates whether client IP address preservation  is  en-
                     abled  for  an  Application  Load  Balancer endpoint. The
                     value is true or false. The default value is true for new
                     accelerators.

                     If  the  value is set to true, the client's IP address is
                     preserved in the X-Forwarded-For request header as  traf-
                     fic  travels to applications on the Application Load Bal-
                     ancer endpoint fronted by the accelerator.

                     For more information, see Viewing Client IP Addresses  in
                     AWS  Global Accelerator in the AWS Global Accelerator De-
                     veloper Guide .

          TrafficDialPercentage -> (float)
              The percentage of traffic to send to an AWS  Region.  Additional
              traffic  is  distributed  to other endpoint groups for this lis-
              tener.

              Use this action to increase (dial up) or  decrease  (dial  down)
              traffic  to  a specific Region. The percentage is applied to the
              traffic that would otherwise have  been  routed  to  the  Region
              based on optimal routing.

              The default value is 100.

          HealthCheckPort -> (integer)
              The  port  that Global Accelerator uses to perform health checks
              on endpoints that are part of this endpoint group.

              The default port is the port for the listener that this endpoint
              group is associated with. If the listener port is a list, Global
              Accelerator uses the first specified port in the list of ports.

          HealthCheckProtocol -> (string)
              The protocol that Global  Accelerator  uses  to  perform  health
              checks  on  endpoints  that are part of this endpoint group. The
              default value is TCP.

          HealthCheckPath -> (string)
              If the protocol is HTTP/S, then this  value  provides  the  ping
              path  that  Global  Accelerator  uses for the destination on the
              endpoints for health checks. The default is slash (/).

          HealthCheckIntervalSeconds -> (integer)
              The time10 seconds or 30 secondsbetween health checks  for  each
              endpoint. The default value is 30.

          ThresholdCount -> (integer)
              The  number  of  consecutive  health  checks required to set the
              state of a healthy endpoint to unhealthy, or to set an unhealthy
              endpoint to healthy. The default value is 3.

          PortOverrides -> (list)
              Allows you to override the destination ports used to route traf-
              fic to an endpoint. Using a port override lets you to map a list
              of  external destination ports (that your users send traffic to)
              to a list of internal destination ports that you want an  appli-
              cation endpoint to receive traffic on.

              (structure)
                 Override  specific  listener  ports  used to route traffic to
                 endpoints that are part of an endpoint  group.  For  example,
                 you can create a port override in which the listener receives
                 user traffic on ports 80 and 443, but your accelerator routes
                 that  traffic  to  ports  1080 and 1443, respectively, on the
                 endpoints.

                 For more information, see Port overrides in  the  AWS  Global
                 Accelerator Developer Guide .

                 ListenerPort -> (integer)
                     The listener port that you want to map to a specific end-
                     point port. This is the port that user traffic arrives to
                     the Global Accelerator on.

                 EndpointPort -> (integer)
                     The  endpoint  port  that  you want a listener port to be
                     mapped to. This is the port on the endpoint, such as  the
                     Application Load Balancer or Amazon EC2 instance.



                                                       CREATE-ENDPOINT-GROUP()
