DELETE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-ACCELERATOR()        DELETE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-ACCELERATOR()



NAME
       delete-custom-routing-accelerator -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete a custom routing accelerator. Before you can delete an accelera-
       tor, you must disable it and remove all dependent resources  (listeners
       and  endpoint groups). To disable the accelerator, update the accelera-
       tor to set Enabled to false.

       WARNING:
          When you create a custom routing accelerator, by default, Global Ac-
          celerator provides you with a set of two static IP addresses.

          The  IP addresses are assigned to your accelerator for as long as it
          exists, even if you disable the accelerator and it no longer accepts
          or routes traffic. However, when you delete an accelerator, you lose
          the static IP addresses that are assigned to the accelerator, so you
          can  no  longer route traffic by using them. As a best practice, en-
          sure that you have  permissions  in  place  to  avoid  inadvertently
          deleting accelerators. You can use IAM policies with Global Acceler-
          ator to limit the users who have permissions to delete an  accelera-
          tor. For more information, see Identity and access management in the
          Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-custom-routing-accelerator
          --accelerator-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom routing accelerator  to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           DELETE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-ACCELERATOR()
