DELETE-ACCELERATOR()                                      DELETE-ACCELERATOR()



NAME
       delete-accelerator -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete  an  accelerator. Before you can delete an accelerator, you must
       disable it and remove all dependent resources (listeners  and  endpoint
       groups).  To disable the accelerator, update the accelerator to set En-
       abled to false.

       WARNING:
          When you create an accelerator, by default, Global Accelerator  pro-
          vides  you with a set of two static IP addresses. Alternatively, you
          can bring your own IP address ranges to Global Accelerator  and  as-
          sign IP addresses from those ranges.

          The  IP addresses are assigned to your accelerator for as long as it
          exists, even if you disable the accelerator and it no longer accepts
          or routes traffic. However, when you delete an accelerator, you lose
          the static IP addresses that are assigned to the accelerator, so you
          can  no  longer route traffic by using them. As a best practice, en-
          sure that you have  permissions  in  place  to  avoid  inadvertently
          deleting accelerators. You can use IAM policies with Global Acceler-
          ator to limit the users who have permissions to delete an  accelera-
          tor. For more information, see Identity and access management in the
          Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-accelerator
          --accelerator-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an accelerator.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-ACCELERATOR()
