DENY-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()                    DENY-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()



NAME
       deny-custom-routing-traffic -

DESCRIPTION
       Specify  the  Amazon  EC2 instance (destination) IP addresses and ports
       for a VPC subnet endpoint that cannot  receive  traffic  for  a  custom
       routing  accelerator.  You  can deny traffic to all destinations in the
       VPC endpoint, or deny traffic to a specified list of destination IP ad-
       dresses  and  ports. Note that you cannot specify IP addresses or ports
       outside of the range that you configured for the endpoint group.

       After you make changes, you can verify that the updates are complete by
       checking  the  status  of  your  accelerator:  the  status changes from
       IN_PROGRESS to DEPLOYED.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deny-custom-routing-traffic
          --endpoint-group-arn <value>
          --endpoint-id <value>
          [--destination-addresses <value>]
          [--destination-ports <value>]
          [--deny-all-traffic-to-endpoint | --no-deny-all-traffic-to-endpoint]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint group.

       --endpoint-id (string)
          An ID for the endpoint. For custom routing accelerators, this is the
          virtual private cloud (VPC) subnet ID.

       --destination-addresses (list)
          A list of specific Amazon EC2 instance IP addresses (destination ad-
          dresses) in a subnet that you want to prevent from  receiving  traf-
          fic.  The  IP addresses must be a subset of the IP addresses allowed
          for the VPC subnet associated with the endpoint group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --destination-ports (list)
          A list of specific Amazon EC2 instance ports (destination ports)  in
          a subnet endpoint that you want to prevent from receiving traffic.

          (integer)

       Syntax:

          integer integer ...

       --deny-all-traffic-to-endpoint    |   --no-deny-all-traffic-to-endpoint
       (boolean)
          Indicates whether all destination IP addresses and ports for a spec-
          ified VPC subnet endpoint cannot receive traffic from a custom rout-
          ing accelerator. The value is TRUE or FALSE.

          When set to TRUE, no destinations in the custom routing  VPC  subnet
          can receive traffic. Note that you cannot specify destination IP ad-
          dresses and ports when the value is set to TRUE.

          When set to FALSE (or not specified), you must  specify  a  list  of
          destination  IP  addresses  that  cannot  receive traffic. A list of
          ports is optional. If you don't specify a list of ports,  the  ports
          that  can accept traffic is the same as the ports configured for the
          endpoint group.

          The default value is FALSE.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To specify a destination address that cannot receive traffic in a  cus-
       tom routing accelerator

       The following deny-custom-routing-traffic example specifies destination
       address or addresses in a subnet endpoint that cannot  receive  traffic
       for  a custom routing accelerator. To specify more than one destination
       address, separate the addresses with a space. There's no response for a
       successful deny-custom-routing-traffic call.

          aws globalaccelerator deny-custom-routing-traffic \
              --endpoint-group-arn "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/0123vxyz/endpoint-group/ab88888example" \
              --endpoint-id "subnet-abcd123example" \
              --destination-addresses "198.51.100.52"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see VPC subnet endpoints for custom routing ac-
       celerators in AWS Global Accelerator in the AWS Global Accelerator  De-
       veloper Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DENY-CUSTOM-ROUTING-TRAFFIC()
