DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()                              DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       deprovision-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Releases  the  specified address range that you provisioned to use with
       your AWS resources through bring your  own  IP  addresses  (BYOIP)  and
       deletes the corresponding address pool.

       Before  you  can release an address range, you must stop advertising it
       by using WithdrawByoipCidr and you must not have any accelerators  that
       are using static IP addresses allocated from its address range.

       For  more  information,  see Bring Your Own IP Addresses (BYOIP) in the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprovision-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The address range, in CIDR notation. The prefix  must  be  the  same
          prefix that you specified when you provisioned the address range.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deprovision an address range

       The following deprovision-byoip-cidr example releases the specified ad-
       dress range that you provisioned to use with your AWS resources.

          aws globalaccelerator deprovision-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr "198.51.100.0/24"

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "198.51.100.0/24",
                  "State": "PENDING_DEPROVISIONING"
              }
          }

       For  more  information, see Bring your own IP address in AWS Global Ac-
       celerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address range.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.

          Events -> (list)
              A history of status changes for an IP  address  range  that  you
              bring  to  AWS  Global Accelerator through bring your own IP ad-
              dress (BYOIP).

              (structure)
                 A complex type that contains a Message and a Timestamp  value
                 for  changes  that you make in the status an IP address range
                 that you bring to AWS Global Accelerator through  bring  your
                 own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  string  that  contains  an  Event  message  describing
                     changes that you make in the  status  of  an  IP  address
                     range  that  you  bring to AWS Global Accelerator through
                     bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp when you make a status change for an  IP  ad-
                     dress  range  that  you  bring  to AWS Global Accelerator
                     through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).



                                                      DEPROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()
