DESCRIBE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENER()          DESCRIBE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENER()



NAME
       describe-custom-routing-listener -

DESCRIPTION
       The description of a listener for a custom routing accelerator.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-custom-routing-listener
          --listener-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --listener-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener to describe.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe a listener for a custom routing accelerator

       The following describe-custom-routing-listener example describes a lis-
       tener for a custom routing accelerator.

          aws globalaccelerator describe-custom-routing-listener \
              --listener-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234

       Output:

          {
              "Listener": {
                  "PortRanges": [
                      "FromPort": 5000,
                      "ToPort": 10000
                  ],
                  "ListenerArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Listeners for custom routing accelerators  in
       AWS Global Accelerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Listener -> (structure)
          The description of a listener for a custom routing accelerator.

          ListenerArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

          PortRanges -> (list)
              The  port  range to support for connections from clients to your
              accelerator.

              Separately, you set port ranges for endpoints. For more informa-
              tion, see About endpoints for custom routing accelerators .

              (structure)
                 A complex type for a range of ports for a listener.

                 FromPort -> (integer)
                     The first port in the range of ports, inclusive.

                 ToPort -> (integer)
                     The last port in the range of ports, inclusive.



                                            DESCRIBE-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENER()
