DESCRIBE-LISTENER()                                        DESCRIBE-LISTENER()



NAME
       describe-listener -

DESCRIPTION
       Describe a listener.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-listener
          --listener-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --listener-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener to describe.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe a listener

       The following describe-listener example describes a listener.

          aws globalaccelerator describe-listener \
              --listener-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234

       Output:

          {
              "Listener": {
                  "ListenerArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234",
                  "PortRanges": [
                      {
                          "FromPort": 80,
                          "ToPort": 80
                      }
                  ],
                  "Protocol": "TCP",
                  "ClientAffinity": "NONE"
              }
          }

       For  more  information,  see Listeners in AWS Global Accelerator in the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Listener -> (structure)
          The description of a listener.

          ListenerArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

          PortRanges -> (list)
              The list of port ranges for the connections from clients to  the
              accelerator.

              (structure)
                 A complex type for a range of ports for a listener.

                 FromPort -> (integer)
                     The first port in the range of ports, inclusive.

                 ToPort -> (integer)
                     The last port in the range of ports, inclusive.

          Protocol -> (string)
              The  protocol  for the connections from clients to the accelera-
              tor.

          ClientAffinity -> (string)
              Client affinity lets you direct all requests from a user to  the
              same  endpoint, if you have stateful applications, regardless of
              the port and protocol of the  client  request.  Client  affinity
              gives  you  control  over whether to always route each client to
              the same specific endpoint.

              AWS Global Accelerator uses a consistent-flow hashing  algorithm
              to  choose  the  optimal  endpoint  for  a connection. If client
              affinity is NONE ,  Global  Accelerator  uses  the  "five-tuple"
              (5-tuple)  propertiessource IP address, source port, destination
              IP address, destination port, and  protocolto  select  the  hash
              value,  and  then  chooses the best endpoint. However, with this
              setting, if someone uses different ports to  connect  to  Global
              Accelerator, their connections might not be always routed to the
              same endpoint because the hash value changes.

              If you want a given client to always be routed to the same  end-
              point,  set  client  affinity to SOURCE_IP instead. When you use
              the SOURCE_IP setting, Global Accelerator uses  the  "two-tuple"
              (2-tuple)  properties source (client) IP address and destination
              IP addressto select the hash value.

              The default value is NONE .



                                                           DESCRIBE-LISTENER()
