LIST-BYOIP-CIDRS()                                          LIST-BYOIP-CIDRS()



NAME
       list-byoip-cidrs -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists   the   IP  address  ranges  that  were  specified  in  calls  to
       ProvisionByoipCidr , including the current state and a history of state
       changes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-byoip-cidrs  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: ByoipCidrs

SYNOPSIS
            list-byoip-cidrs
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidrs -> (list)
          Information about your address ranges.

          (structure)
              Information  about  an  IP address range that is provisioned for
              use with your AWS resources through bring your  own  IP  address
              (BYOIP).

              The  following  describes  each BYOIP State that your IP address
              range can be in.

              o PENDING_PROVISIONING  Youve submitted a request  to  provision
                an  IP  address  range  but it is not yet provisioned with AWS
                Global Accelerator.

              o READY  The address range is provisioned with AWS Global Accel-
                erator and can be advertised.

              o PENDING_ADVERTISING   Youve submitted a request for AWS Global
                Accelerator to advertise an address range but it  is  not  yet
                being advertised.

              o ADVERTISING   The  address  range  is  being advertised by AWS
                Global Accelerator.

              o PENDING_WITHDRAWING  Youve submitted a request to withdraw  an
                address  range from being advertised but it is still being ad-
                vertised by AWS Global Accelerator.

              o PENDING_DEPROVISIONING  Youve submitted a request to  deprovi-
                sion  an  address  range from AWS Global Accelerator but it is
                still provisioned.

              o DEPROVISIONED  The address range  is  deprovisioned  from  AWS
                Global Accelerator.

              o FAILED_PROVISION   The  request to provision the address range
                from AWS Global Accelerator was not  successful.  Please  make
                sure  that you provide all of the correct information, and try
                again. If the request fails a second time,  contact  AWS  sup-
                port.

              o FAILED_ADVERTISING   The request for AWS Global Accelerator to
                advertise the address range was not  successful.  Please  make
                sure  that you provide all of the correct information, and try
                again. If the request fails a second time,  contact  AWS  sup-
                port.

              o FAILED_WITHDRAW   The  request  to  withdraw the address range
                from advertising by AWS Global Accelerator was not successful.
                Please  make sure that you provide all of the correct informa-
                tion, and try again. If the request fails a second time,  con-
                tact AWS support.

              o FAILED_DEPROVISION   The  request  to  deprovision the address
                range from AWS Global Accelerator was not  successful.  Please
                make sure that you provide all of the correct information, and
                try again. If the request fails a  second  time,  contact  AWS
                support.

              Cidr -> (string)
                 The address range, in CIDR notation.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the address pool.

              Events -> (list)
                 A  history of status changes for an IP address range that you
                 bring to AWS Global Accelerator through bring your own IP ad-
                 dress (BYOIP).

                 (structure)
                     A  complex  type  that contains a Message and a Timestamp
                     value for changes that you make in the status an  IP  ad-
                     dress  range  that  you  bring  to AWS Global Accelerator
                     through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

                     Message -> (string)
                        A string that contains  an  Event  message  describing
                        changes  that  you make in the status of an IP address
                        range that you bring to AWS Global Accelerator through
                        bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

                     Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                        A  timestamp  when  you make a status change for an IP
                        address range that you bring to AWS Global Accelerator
                        through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next page of results.



                                                            LIST-BYOIP-CIDRS()
