LIST-LISTENERS()                                              LIST-LISTENERS()



NAME
       list-listeners -

DESCRIPTION
       List the listeners for an accelerator.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-listeners  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Listeners

SYNOPSIS
            list-listeners
          --accelerator-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator for which you want
          to list listener objects.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list listeners

       The following list-listeners example lists the listeners for an  accel-
       erator.

          aws globalaccelerator list-listeners \
              --accelerator-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh

       Output:

          {
              "Listeners": [
                  {
                      "ListenerArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234",
                      "PortRanges": [
                          {
                              "FromPort": 80,
                              "ToPort": 80
                          }
                      ],
                      "Protocol": "TCP",
                      "ClientAffinity": "NONE"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Listeners in AWS Global Accelerator in the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Listeners -> (list)
          The list of listeners for an accelerator.

          (structure)
              A complex type for a listener.

              ListenerArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

              PortRanges -> (list)
                 The list of port ranges for the connections from  clients  to
                 the accelerator.

                 (structure)
                     A complex type for a range of ports for a listener.

                     FromPort -> (integer)
                        The first port in the range of ports, inclusive.

                     ToPort -> (integer)
                        The last port in the range of ports, inclusive.

              Protocol -> (string)
                 The protocol for the connections from clients to the acceler-
                 ator.

              ClientAffinity -> (string)
                 Client affinity lets you direct all requests from a  user  to
                 the same endpoint, if you have stateful applications, regard-
                 less of the port and protocol of the client  request.  Client
                 affinity  gives you control over whether to always route each
                 client to the same specific endpoint.

                 AWS Global Accelerator uses a consistent-flow  hashing  algo-
                 rithm  to  choose  the  optimal endpoint for a connection. If
                 client  affinity  is  NONE  ,  Global  Accelerator  uses  the
                 "five-tuple"  (5-tuple)  propertiessource  IP address, source
                 port, destination IP address, destination  port,  and  proto-
                 colto  select  the hash value, and then chooses the best end-
                 point. However, with this setting, if someone uses  different
                 ports  to  connect  to  Global Accelerator, their connections
                 might not be always routed to the same endpoint  because  the
                 hash value changes.

                 If  you  want  a given client to always be routed to the same
                 endpoint, set client affinity to SOURCE_IP instead. When  you
                 use  the  SOURCE_IP  setting,  Global  Accelerator  uses  the
                 "two-tuple" (2-tuple) properties source (client)  IP  address
                 and destination IP addressto select the hash value.

                 The default value is NONE .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results. You receive this token from a
          previous call.



                                                              LIST-LISTENERS()
