LIST-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENERS()                LIST-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENERS()



NAME
       list-custom-routing-listeners -

DESCRIPTION
       List the listeners for a custom routing accelerator.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-custom-routing-listeners  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Listeners

SYNOPSIS
            list-custom-routing-listeners
          --accelerator-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator to list  listeners
          for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list listeners for custom routing accelerators

       The following list-custom-routing-listeners example lists the listeners
       for a custom routing accelerator.

          aws globalaccelerator list-custom-routing-listeners \
              --accelerator-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh

       Output:

          {
              "Listeners": [
                  {
                      "ListenerArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh/listener/abcdef1234",
                      "PortRanges": [
                          {
                              "FromPort": 5000,
                              "ToPort": 10000
                          }
                      ],
                      "Protocol": "TCP"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Listeners for custom routing accelerators  in
       AWS Global Accelerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Listeners -> (list)
          The list of listeners for a custom routing accelerator.

          (structure)
              A complex type for a listener for a custom routing accelerator.

              ListenerArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener.

              PortRanges -> (list)
                 The  port  range  to  support for connections from clients to
                 your accelerator.

                 Separately, you set port ranges for endpoints. For  more  in-
                 formation,  see  About endpoints for custom routing accelera-
                 tors .

                 (structure)
                     A complex type for a range of ports for a listener.

                     FromPort -> (integer)
                        The first port in the range of ports, inclusive.

                     ToPort -> (integer)
                        The last port in the range of ports, inclusive.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results. You receive this token from a
          previous call.



                                               LIST-CUSTOM-ROUTING-LISTENERS()
