PROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()                                  PROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       provision-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Provisions an IP address range to use with your Amazon Web Services re-
       sources through bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP) and creates a  cor-
       responding  address pool. After the address range is provisioned, it is
       ready to be advertised using AdvertiseByoipCidr .

       For more information, see Bring your own IP addresses  (BYOIP)  in  the
       Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            provision-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          --cidr-authorization-context <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The  public  IPv4 address range, in CIDR notation. The most specific
          IP prefix that you can specify is  /24.  The  address  range  cannot
          overlap  with  another  address range that you've brought to this or
          another Region.

       --cidr-authorization-context (structure)
          A signed document that proves that you are authorized to  bring  the
          specified IP address range to Amazon using BYOIP.

          Message -> (string)
              The plain-text authorization message for the prefix and account.

          Signature -> (string)
              The signed authorization message for the prefix and account.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Message=string,Signature=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Message": "string",
            "Signature": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To provision an address range

       The following provision-byoip-cidr example provisions the specified ad-
       dress range to use with your AWS resources.

          aws globalaccelerator provision-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr 192.0.2.250/24 \
              --cidr-authorization-context Message="$text_message",Signature="$signed_message"

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "192.0.2.250/24",
                  "State": "PENDING_PROVISIONING"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Bring your own IP address in AWS  Global  Ac-
       celerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address range.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.

          Events -> (list)
              A  history  of  status  changes for an IP address range that you
              bring to Global Accelerator through bring your  own  IP  address
              (BYOIP).

              (structure)
                 A  complex type that contains a Message and a Timestamp value
                 for changes that you make in the  status  of  an  IP  address
                 range that you bring to Global Accelerator through bring your
                 own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  string  that  contains  an  Event  message  describing
                     changes  that  you  make  in  the status of an IP address
                     range that you bring to Global Accelerator through  bring
                     your own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                     A  timestamp  for when you make a status change for an IP
                     address  range  that  you  bring  to  Global  Accelerator
                     through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).



                                                        PROVISION-BYOIP-CIDR()
