UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove  tags from a Global Accelerator resource. When you specify a tag
       key, the action removes both that key and its associated value. The op-
       eration succeeds even if you attempt to remove tags from an accelerator
       that was already removed.

       For more information, see Tagging in Global Accelerator in  the  Global
       Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Global Accelerator resource to
          remove tags from. An ARN uniquely identifies a resource.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag key pairs that you want to remove  from  the  specified  re-
          sources.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a tag from an accelerator

       The  following untag-resource example removes the tags Name and Project
       from an accelerator.

          aws globalaccelerator untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::012345678901:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh \
              --tag-keys Key="Name" Key="Project"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging in AWS Global Accelerator in the  AWS
       Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
