UPDATE-ACCELERATOR()                                      UPDATE-ACCELERATOR()



NAME
       update-accelerator -

DESCRIPTION
       Update an accelerator.

       WARNING:
          Global  Accelerator  is  a global service that supports endpoints in
          multiple Amazon Web Services Regions but you  must  specify  the  US
          West  (Oregon)  Region to create, update, or otherwise work with ac-
          celerators. That is, for example, specify --region us-west-2 on  AWS
          CLI commands.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-accelerator
          --accelerator-arn <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--ip-address-type <value>]
          [--enabled | --no-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator to update.

       --name (string)
          The name of the accelerator. The name can have a maximum of 64 char-
          acters, must contain only alphanumeric characters, periods  (.),  or
          hyphens (-), and must not begin or end with a hyphen or period.

       --ip-address-type (string)
          The IP address type that an accelerator supports. For a standard ac-
          celerator, the value can be IPV4 or DUAL_STACK.

          Possible values:

          o IPV4

          o DUAL_STACK

       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          Indicates whether an accelerator is enabled. The value  is  true  or
          false. The default value is true.

          If  the  value is set to true, the accelerator cannot be deleted. If
          set to false, the accelerator can be deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update an accelerator

       The following update-accelerator example  modifies  an  accelerator  to
       change  the accelerator name to ExampleAcceleratorNew. You must specify
       the US-West-2 (Oregon) Region to create or update accelerators.

          aws globalaccelerator update-accelerator \
              --accelerator-arn arn:aws:globalaccelerator::123456789012:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh \
              --name ExampleAcceleratorNew

       Output:

          {
              "Accelerator": {
                  "AcceleratorArn": "arn:aws:globalaccelerator::123456789012:accelerator/1234abcd-abcd-1234-abcd-1234abcdefgh",
                  "IpAddressType": "IPV4",
                  "Name": "ExampleAcceleratorNew",
                  "Enabled": true,
                  "Status": "IN_PROGRESS",
                  "IpSets": [
                      {
                          "IpAddresses": [
                              "192.0.2.250",
                              "198.51.100.52"
                          ],
                          "IpFamily": "IPv4"
                      }
                  ],
                  "DnsName":"a1234567890abcdef.awsglobalaccelerator.com",
                  "CreatedTime": 1232394847,
                  "LastModifiedTime": 1232395654
              }
          }

       For more information, see Accelerators in AWS Global Accelerator in the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Accelerator -> (structure)
          Information about the updated accelerator.

          AcceleratorArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the accelerator. The name must contain only alphanu-
              meric characters or hyphens (-), and must not begin or end  with
              a hyphen.

          IpAddressType -> (string)
              The IP address type that an accelerator supports. For a standard
              accelerator, the value can be IPV4 or DUAL_STACK.

          Enabled -> (boolean)
              Indicates whether the accelerator is enabled. The value is  true
              or false. The default value is true.

              If  the value is set to true, the accelerator cannot be deleted.
              If set to false, accelerator can be deleted.

          IpSets -> (list)
              The static IP addresses that Global Accelerator associates  with
              the accelerator.

              (structure)
                 A  complex  type for the set of IP addresses for an accelera-
                 tor.

                 IpFamily -> (string)
                     IpFamily is deprecated and has  been  replaced  by  IpAd-
                     dressFamily.

                 IpAddresses -> (list)
                     The  array  of  IP addresses in the IP address set. An IP
                     address set can have a maximum of two IP addresses.

                     (string)

                 IpAddressFamily -> (string)
                     The types of IP addresses included in this IP set.

          DnsName -> (string)
              The Domain Name System (DNS) name that Global  Accelerator  cre-
              ates that points to an accelerator's static IPv4 addresses.

              The naming convention for the DNS name for an accelerator is the
              following: A lowercase letter a, followed by a 16-bit random hex
              string,  followed  by  .awsglobalaccelerator.com.  For  example:
              a1234567890abcdef.awsglobalaccelerator.com.

              If you have a dual-stack accelerator, you also have a second DNS
              name, DualStackDnsName, that points to both the A record and the
              AAAA record for all four static addresses  for  the  accelerator
              (two IPv4 addresses and two IPv6 addresses).

              For more information about the default DNS name, see Support for
              DNS Addressing in Global Accelerator in the  Global  Accelerator
              Developer Guide .

          Status -> (string)
              Describes the deployment status of the accelerator.

          CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the accelerator was created.

          LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the accelerator was last modified.

          DualStackDnsName -> (string)
              The  Domain  Name System (DNS) name that Global Accelerator cre-
              ates that points to a dual-stack accelerator's  four  static  IP
              addresses: two IPv4 addresses and two IPv6 addresses.

              The naming convention for the dual-stack DNS name is the follow-
              ing: A lowercase letter a,  followed  by  a  16-bit  random  hex
              string, followed by .dualstack.awsglobalaccelerator.com. For ex-
              ample: a1234567890abcdef.dualstack.awsglobalaccelerator.com.

              Note: Global  Accelerator  also  assigns  a  default  DNS  name,
              DnsName, to your accelerator that points just to the static IPv4
              addresses.

              For more information, see Support for DNS Addressing  in  Global
              Accelerator in the Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

          Events -> (list)
              A  history  of changes that you make to an accelerator in Global
              Accelerator.

              (structure)
                 A complex type that contains a Timestamp  value  and  Message
                 for  changes that you make to an accelerator in Global Accel-
                 erator. Messages stored here provide progress or error infor-
                 mation   when   you   update  an  accelerator  from  IPv4  to
                 dual-stack, or from dual-stack to  IPv4.  Global  Accelerator
                 stores a maximum of ten event messages.

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  string  that  contains  an  Event  message  describing
                     changes or errors  when  you  update  an  accelerator  in
                     Global Accelerator from IPv4 to dual-stack, or dual-stack
                     to IPv4.

                 Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp for when you update an accelerator in  Global
                     Accelerator  from  IPv4  to  dual-stack, or dual-stack to
                     IPv4.



                                                          UPDATE-ACCELERATOR()
