WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()                                    WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()



NAME
       withdraw-byoip-cidr -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  advertising  an  address range that is provisioned as an address
       pool. You can perform this operation at most  once  every  10  seconds,
       even if you specify different address ranges each time.

       It  can  take  a  few minutes before traffic to the specified addresses
       stops routing to AWS because of propagation delays.

       For more information, see Bring Your Own IP Addresses  (BYOIP)  in  the
       AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            withdraw-byoip-cidr
          --cidr <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cidr (string)
          The address range, in CIDR notation.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To withdraw an address range

       The following withdraw-byoip-cidr example withdraws  an  address  range
       from AWS Global Accelerator that you previously advertised for use with
       your AWS resources.

          aws globalaccelerator withdraw-byoip-cidr \
              --cidr 192.0.2.250/24

       Output:

          {
              "ByoipCidr": {
                  "Cidr": "192.0.2.250/24",
                  "State": "PENDING_WITHDRAWING"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Bring your own IP address in AWS  Global  Ac-
       celerator in the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ByoipCidr -> (structure)
          Information about the address pool.

          Cidr -> (string)
              The address range, in CIDR notation.

          State -> (string)
              The state of the address pool.

          Events -> (list)
              A  history  of  status  changes for an IP address range that you
              bring to AWS Global Accelerator through bring your  own  IP  ad-
              dress (BYOIP).

              (structure)
                 A  complex type that contains a Message and a Timestamp value
                 for changes that you make in the status an IP  address  range
                 that  you  bring to AWS Global Accelerator through bring your
                 own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Message -> (string)
                     A  string  that  contains  an  Event  message  describing
                     changes  that  you  make  in  the status of an IP address
                     range that you bring to AWS  Global  Accelerator  through
                     bring your own IP address (BYOIP).

                 Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                     A  timestamp  when you make a status change for an IP ad-
                     dress range that you  bring  to  AWS  Global  Accelerator
                     through bring your own IP address (BYOIP).



                                                         WITHDRAW-BYOIP-CIDR()
