BATCH-DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()                          BATCH-DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()



NAME
       batch-detect-key-phrases -

DESCRIPTION
       Detects the key noun phrases found in a batch of documents.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-detect-key-phrases
          --text-list <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text-list (list)
          A list containing the text of the input documents. The list can con-
          tain a maximum of 25 documents. Each  document  must  contain  fewer
          than 5,000 bytes of UTF-8 encoded characters.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents. You can specify any of the pri-
          mary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend. All documents must be
          in the same language.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResultList -> (list)
          A list of objects containing the results of the operation.  The  re-
          sults are sorted in ascending order by the Index field and match the
          order of the documents in the input list. If all  of  the  documents
          contain an error, the ResultList is empty.

          (structure)
              The  result  of calling the operation. The operation returns one
              object for each document that is successfully processed  by  the
              operation.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              KeyPhrases -> (list)
                 One  or  more  KeyPhrase objects, one for each key phrase de-
                 tected in the document.

                 (structure)
                     Describes a key noun phrase.

                     Score -> (float)
                        The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has  in
                        the accuracy of the detection.

                     Text -> (string)
                        The text of a key noun phrase.

                     BeginOffset -> (integer)
                        A  character offset in the input text that shows where
                        the key phrase begins (the first character is at posi-
                        tion 0). The offset returns the position of each UTF-8
                        code point in the string. A code point is the abstract
                        character  from a particular graphical representation.
                        For example, a multi-byte UTF-8 character  maps  to  a
                        single code point.

                     EndOffset -> (integer)
                        A  character  offset  in  the input text where the key
                        phrase ends. The offset returns the position  of  each
                        UTF-8  code  point  in the string. A code point is the
                        abstract character from a particular graphical  repre-
                        sentation.  For  example, a multi-byte UTF-8 character
                        maps to a single code point.

       ErrorList -> (list)
          A list containing one object for each document that contained an er-
          ror.  The  results  are sorted in ascending order by the Index field
          and match the order of the documents in the input list. If there are
          no errors in the batch, the ErrorList is empty.

          (structure)
              Describes  an error that occurred while processing a document in
              a batch. The operation returns on BatchItemError object for each
              document that contained an error.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The numeric error code of the error.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 A text description of the error.



                                                    BATCH-DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()
