BATCH-DETECT-SENTIMENT()                              BATCH-DETECT-SENTIMENT()



NAME
       batch-detect-sentiment -

DESCRIPTION
       Inspects  a batch of documents and returns an inference of the prevail-
       ing sentiment, POSITIVE , NEUTRAL , MIXED , or NEGATIVE , in each one.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-detect-sentiment
          --text-list <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text-list (list)
          A list containing the text of the input documents. The list can con-
          tain  a  maximum  of  25 documents. Each document must contain fewer
          that 5,000 bytes of UTF-8 encoded characters.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents. You can specify any of the pri-
          mary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend. All documents must be
          in the same language.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResultList -> (list)
          A  list  of objects containing the results of the operation. The re-
          sults are sorted in ascending order by the Index field and match the
          order  of  the  documents in the input list. If all of the documents
          contain an error, the ResultList is empty.

          (structure)
              The result of calling the operation. The operation  returns  one
              object  for  each document that is successfully processed by the
              operation.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              Sentiment -> (string)
                 The sentiment detected in the document.

              SentimentScore -> (structure)
                 The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the ac-
                 curacy of its sentiment detection.

                 Positive -> (float)
                     The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the
                     accuracy of its detection of the POSITIVE sentiment.

                 Negative -> (float)
                     The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the
                     accuracy of its detection of the NEGATIVE sentiment.

                 Neutral -> (float)
                     The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the
                     accuracy of its detection of the NEUTRAL sentiment.

                 Mixed -> (float)
                     The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the
                     accuracy of its detection of the MIXED sentiment.

       ErrorList -> (list)
          A list containing one object for each document that contained an er-
          ror. The results are sorted in ascending order by  the  Index  field
          and match the order of the documents in the input list. If there are
          no errors in the batch, the ErrorList is empty.

          (structure)
              Describes an error that occurred while processing a document  in
              a batch. The operation returns on BatchItemError object for each
              document that contained an error.

              Index -> (integer)
                 The zero-based index of the document in the input list.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The numeric error code of the error.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 A text description of the error.



                                                      BATCH-DETECT-SENTIMENT()
