CLASSIFY-DOCUMENT()                                        CLASSIFY-DOCUMENT()



NAME
       classify-document -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new document classification request to analyze a single docu-
       ment in real-time, using a previously created and trained custom  model
       and an endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            classify-document
          --text <value>
          --endpoint-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          The document text to be analyzed.

       --endpoint-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the endpoint.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Classes -> (list)
          The  classes used by the document being analyzed. These are used for
          multi-class trained models. Individual classes are  mutually  exclu-
          sive  and  each document is expected to have only a single class as-
          signed to it. For example, an animal can be a dog or a cat, but  not
          both at the same time.

          (structure)
              Specifies the class that categorizes the document being analyzed

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the class.

              Score -> (float)
                 The  confidence  score  that Amazon Comprehend has this class
                 correctly attributed.

       Labels -> (list)
          The labels used the document being  analyzed.  These  are  used  for
          multi-label  trained  models.  Individual labels represent different
          categories that are related in some manner and are not mutually  ex-
          clusive. For example, a movie can be just an action movie, or it can
          be an action movie, a science fiction movie, and a  comedy,  all  at
          the same time.

          (structure)
              Specifies  one  of the label or labels that categorize the docu-
              ment being analyzed.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the label.

              Score -> (float)
                 The confidence score that Amazon Comprehend  has  this  label
                 correctly attributed.



                                                           CLASSIFY-DOCUMENT()
