CONTAINS-PII-ENTITIES()                                CONTAINS-PII-ENTITIES()



NAME
       contains-pii-entities -

DESCRIPTION
       Analyzes  input text for the presence of personally identifiable infor-
       mation (PII) and returns the labels of identified PII entity types such
       as name, address, bank account number, or phone number.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            contains-pii-entities
          --text <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          Creates  a  new  document classification request to analyze a single
          document in real-time, returning personally identifiable information
          (PII) entity labels.

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Labels -> (list)
          The labels used in the document being  analyzed.  Individual  labels
          represent personally identifiable information (PII) entity types.

          (structure)
              Specifies one of the label or labels that categorize the person-
              ally identifiable information (PII) entity being analyzed.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the label.

              Score -> (float)
                 The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the ac-
                 curacy of the detection.



                                                       CONTAINS-PII-ENTITIES()
