CREATE-ENDPOINT()                                            CREATE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       create-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a model-specific endpoint for synchronous inference for a pre-
       viously trained custom  model  For  information  about  endpoints,  see
       Managing endpoints .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-endpoint
          --endpoint-name <value>
          --model-arn <value>
          --desired-inference-units <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--data-access-role-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-name (string)
          This  is the descriptive suffix that becomes part of the EndpointArn
          used for all subsequent requests to this resource.

       --model-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the model to which the  endpoint
          will be attached.

       --desired-inference-units (integer)
          The  desired number of inference units to be used by the model using
          this endpoint. Each inference unit represents of a throughput of 100
          characters per second.

       --client-request-token (string)
          An idempotency token provided by the customer. If this token matches
          a previous endpoint creation request, Amazon Comprehend will not re-
          turn a ResourceInUseException .

       --tags (list)
          Tags  associated  with  the  endpoint  being  created.  A  tag  is a
          key-value pair that adds metadata to the endpoint.  For  example,  a
          tag  with  "Sales" as the key might be added to an endpoint to indi-
          cate its use by the sales department.

          (structure)
              A key-value pair that adds as a metadata to a resource  used  by
              Amazon  Comprehend.  For  example, a tag with the key-value pair
              Department:Sales might be added to a resource  to  indicate  its
              use by a particular department.

              Key -> (string)
                 The initial part of a key-value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For instance, if you want to show
                 which  resources are used by which departments, you might use
                 Department as the key portion of the pair, with multiple pos-
                 sible values such as sales, legal, and administration.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  second part of a key-value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For instance, if you want to show
                 which  resources are used by which departments, you might use
                 Department as the initial (key) portion of the pair,  with  a
                 value of sales to indicate the sales department.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --data-access-role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS identity and Access Man-
          agement (IAM) role that grants  Amazon  Comprehend  read  access  to
          trained  custom  models  encrypted with a customer managed key (Mod-
          elKmsKeyId).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EndpointArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the endpoint being created.



                                                             CREATE-ENDPOINT()
