DELETE-DOCUMENT-CLASSIFIER()                      DELETE-DOCUMENT-CLASSIFIER()



NAME
       delete-document-classifier -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a previously created document classifier

       Only  those  classifiers  that  are  in  terminated  states  (IN_ERROR,
       TRAINED) will be deleted. If an  active  inference  job  is  using  the
       model, a ResourceInUseException will be returned.

       This is an asynchronous action that puts the classifier into a DELETING
       state, and it is then removed by a background job.  Once  removed,  the
       classifier  disappears from your account and is no longer available for
       use.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-document-classifier
          --document-classifier-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --document-classifier-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the document  classi-
          fier.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-DOCUMENT-CLASSIFIER()
