DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()                          DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       describe-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the details of a resource-based policy that is attached to a cus-
       tom model, including the JSON body of the policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-resource-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the policy to describe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourcePolicy -> (string)
          The JSON body of the resource-based policy.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time at which the policy was created.

       LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
          The time at which the policy was last modified.

       PolicyRevisionId -> (string)
          The revision ID of the policy. Each time you modify a policy, Amazon
          Comprehend assigns a new revision ID, and it deletes the prior  ver-
          sion of the policy.



                                                    DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()
