DETECT-SENTIMENT()                                          DETECT-SENTIMENT()



NAME
       detect-sentiment -

DESCRIPTION
       Inspects  text  and  returns  an  inference of the prevailing sentiment
       (POSITIVE , NEUTRAL , MIXED , or NEGATIVE ).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-sentiment
          --text <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          A UTF-8 text string. Each string must contain fewer that 5,000 bytes
          of UTF-8 encoded characters.

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents. You can specify any of the pri-
          mary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend. All documents must be
          in the same language.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Sentiment -> (string)
          The  inferred sentiment that Amazon Comprehend has the highest level
          of confidence in.

       SentimentScore -> (structure)
          An object that lists the sentiments, and their corresponding  confi-
          dence levels.

          Positive -> (float)
              The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the accu-
              racy of its detection of the POSITIVE sentiment.

          Negative -> (float)
              The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the  accu-
              racy of its detection of the NEGATIVE sentiment.

          Neutral -> (float)
              The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the accu-
              racy of its detection of the NEUTRAL sentiment.

          Mixed -> (float)
              The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the  accu-
              racy of its detection of the MIXED sentiment.



                                                            DETECT-SENTIMENT()
