DETECT-SYNTAX()                                                DETECT-SYNTAX()



NAME
       detect-syntax -

DESCRIPTION
       Inspects  text  for syntax and the part of speech of words in the docu-
       ment. For more information,  how-syntax .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-syntax
          --text <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          A UTF-8 string. Each string must contain fewer that 5,000  bytes  of
          UTF encoded characters.

       --language-code (string)
          The language code of the input documents. You can specify any of the
          following languages supported by Amazon Comprehend:  German  ("de"),
          English  ("en"),  Spanish  ("es"), French ("fr"), Italian ("it"), or
          Portuguese ("pt").

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SyntaxTokens -> (list)
          A collection of syntax tokens describing the text. For  each  token,
          the  response  provides the text, the token type, where the text be-
          gins and ends, and the level of confidence  that  Amazon  Comprehend
          has  that  the  token  is  correct.  For  a list of token types, see
          how-syntax .

          (structure)
              Represents a work in the input text that was recognized and  as-
              signed  a  part  of speech. There is one syntax token record for
              each word in the source text.

              TokenId -> (integer)
                 A unique identifier for a token.

              Text -> (string)
                 The word that was recognized in the source text.

              BeginOffset -> (integer)
                 The zero-based offset from the beginning of the  source  text
                 to the first character in the word.

              EndOffset -> (integer)
                 The  zero-based  offset from the beginning of the source text
                 to the last character in the word.

              PartOfSpeech -> (structure)
                 Provides the part of speech label and  the  confidence  level
                 that  Amazon  Comprehend has that the part of speech was cor-
                 rectly identified. For more information, see  how-syntax .

                 Tag -> (string)
                     Identifies the part of speech that the token represents.

                 Score -> (float)
                     The confidence that Amazon Comprehend has that  the  part
                     of speech was correctly identified.



                                                               DETECT-SYNTAX()
