DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()                                      DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()



NAME
       detect-key-phrases -

DESCRIPTION
       Detects the key noun phrases found in the text.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-key-phrases
          --text <value>
          --language-code <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          A UTF-8 text string. Each string must contain fewer that 5,000 bytes
          of UTF-8 encoded characters.

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents. You can specify any of the pri-
          mary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend. All documents must be
          in the same language.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       KeyPhrases -> (list)
          A collection of key phrases that Amazon Comprehend identified in the
          input  text.  For each key phrase, the response provides the text of
          the key phrase, where the key phrase begins and ends, and the  level
          of  confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the accuracy of the de-
          tection.

          (structure)
              Describes a key noun phrase.

              Score -> (float)
                 The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the ac-
                 curacy of the detection.

              Text -> (string)
                 The text of a key noun phrase.

              BeginOffset -> (integer)
                 A character offset in the input text that shows where the key
                 phrase begins (the first character is  at  position  0).  The
                 offset  returns  the position of each UTF-8 code point in the
                 string. A code point is the abstract character from a partic-
                 ular  graphical  representation.  For  example,  a multi-byte
                 UTF-8 character maps to a single code point.

              EndOffset -> (integer)
                 A character offset in the input text  where  the  key  phrase
                 ends.  The  offset  returns  the  position of each UTF-8 code
                 point in the string. A code point is the  abstract  character
                 from  a  particular  graphical representation. For example, a
                 multi-byte UTF-8 character maps to a single code point.



                                                          DETECT-KEY-PHRASES()
