DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()                          DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()



NAME
       detect-dominant-language -

DESCRIPTION
       Determines  the dominant language of the input text. For a list of lan-
       guages that Amazon Comprehend can detect, see  Amazon  Comprehend  Sup-
       ported Languages .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-dominant-language
          --text <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          A  UTF-8 text string. Each string should contain at least 20 charac-
          ters and must contain fewer that 5,000 bytes of UTF-8 encoded  char-
          acters.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Languages -> (list)
          The languages that Amazon Comprehend detected in the input text. For
          each  language,  the response returns the RFC 5646 language code and
          the level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in  the  accuracy
          of  its inference. For more information about RFC 5646, see Tags for
          Identifying Languages on the IETF Tools web site.

          (structure)
              Returns the code for the dominant language in the input text and
              the  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the accu-
              racy of the detection.

              LanguageCode -> (string)
                 The RFC 5646 language code for  the  dominant  language.  For
                 more  information  about  RFC  5646, see Tags for Identifying
                 Languages on the IETF Tools web site.

              Score -> (float)
                 The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the ac-
                 curacy of the detection.



                                                    DETECT-DOMINANT-LANGUAGE()
