DETECT-ENTITIES()                                            DETECT-ENTITIES()



NAME
       detect-entities -

DESCRIPTION
       Inspects  text  for named entities, and returns information about them.
       For more information, about named entities, see  how-entities .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detect-entities
          --text <value>
          [--language-code <value>]
          [--endpoint-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          A UTF-8 text string. Each string must contain fewer that 5,000 bytes
          of UTF-8 encoded characters.

       --language-code (string)
          The language of the input documents. You can specify any of the pri-
          mary languages supported by Amazon Comprehend. All documents must be
          in the same language.

          If  your  request includes the endpoint for a custom entity recogni-
          tion model, Amazon Comprehend  uses  the  language  of  your  custom
          model, and it ignores any language code that you specify here.

          Possible values:

          o en

          o es

          o fr

          o de

          o it

          o pt

          o ar

          o hi

          o ja

          o ko

          o zh

          o zh-TW

       --endpoint-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name of an endpoint that is associated with a
          custom entity recognition model. Provide an endpoint if you want  to
          detect  entities  by  using your own custom model instead of the de-
          fault model that is used by Amazon Comprehend.

          If you specify an endpoint, Amazon Comprehend uses the  language  of
          your custom model, and it ignores any language code that you provide
          in your request.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entities -> (list)
          A  collection of entities identified in the input text. For each en-
          tity, the response provides the entity text, entity type, where  the
          entity text begins and ends, and the level of confidence that Amazon
          Comprehend has in the detection.

          If your request uses a custom entity recognition model, Amazon  Com-
          prehend detects the entities that the model is trained to recognize.
          Otherwise, it detects the default entity types. For a  list  of  de-
          fault entity types, see  how-entities .

          (structure)
              Provides information about an entity.

              Score -> (float)
                 The level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in the ac-
                 curacy of the detection.

              Type -> (string)
                 The entity's type.

              Text -> (string)
                 The text of the entity.

              BeginOffset -> (integer)
                 A character offset in the input text that shows where the en-
                 tity  begins (the first character is at position 0). The off-
                 set returns the position of each  UTF-8  code  point  in  the
                 string. A code point is the abstract character from a partic-
                 ular graphical  representation.  For  example,  a  multi-byte
                 UTF-8 character maps to a single code point.

              EndOffset -> (integer)
                 A character offset in the input text that shows where the en-
                 tity ends. The offset returns the position of each UTF-8 code
                 point  in  the string. A code point is the abstract character
                 from a particular graphical representation.  For  example,  a
                 multi-byte UTF-8 character maps to a single code point.



                                                             DETECT-ENTITIES()
