TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a specific tag with an Amazon Comprehend resource. A tag is
       a key-value pair that adds as a metadata to a resource used  by  Amazon
       Comprehend.  For  example, a tag with "Sales" as the key might be added
       to a resource to indicate its use by the sales department.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the given  Amazon  Comprehend  re-
          source to which you want to associate the tags.

       --tags (list)
          Tags  being  associated  with a specific Amazon Comprehend resource.
          There can be a maximum of 50 tags (both existing and pending)  asso-
          ciated with a specific resource.

          (structure)
              A  key-value  pair that adds as a metadata to a resource used by
              Amazon Comprehend. For example, a tag with  the  key-value  pair
              Department:Sales  might  be  added to a resource to indicate its
              use by a particular department.

              Key -> (string)
                 The initial part of a key-value pair that forms a tag associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For instance, if you want to show
                 which resources are used by which departments, you might  use
                 Department as the key portion of the pair, with multiple pos-
                 sible values such as sales, legal, and administration.

              Value -> (string)
                 The second part of a key-value pair that forms a tag  associ-
                 ated with a given resource. For instance, if you want to show
                 which resources are used by which departments, you might  use
                 Department  as  the initial (key) portion of the pair, with a
                 value of sales to indicate the sales department.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
