SEND-ALEXA-OFFER-TO-MASTER()                      SEND-ALEXA-OFFER-TO-MASTER()



NAME
       send-alexa-offer-to-master -

DESCRIPTION
       This  API  allows you to connect WebRTC-enabled devices with Alexa dis-
       play devices. When invoked, it sends the Alexa Session Description Pro-
       tocol (SDP) offer to the master peer. The offer is delivered as soon as
       the master is connected to the specified signaling  channel.  This  API
       returns  the SDP answer from the connected master. If the master is not
       connected to the signaling channel, redelivery requests are made  until
       the message expires.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-alexa-offer-to-master
          --channel-arn <value>
          --sender-client-id <value>
          --message-payload <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The  ARN of the signaling channel by which Alexa and the master peer
          communicate.

       --sender-client-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the sender client.

       --message-payload (string)
          The base64-encoded SDP offer content.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Answer -> (string)
          The base64-encoded SDP answer content.



                                                  SEND-ALEXA-OFFER-TO-MASTER()
