REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()                        REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes metadata tags from an Amazon Neptune resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The  Amazon  Neptune  resource  that the tags are removed from. This
          value is an Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For information about creat-
          ing an ARN, see Constructing an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) .

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag key (name) of the tag to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()
