REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()                    REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()



NAME
       remove-role-from-db-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  an  Identity  and Access Management (IAM) role from a DB
       cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-role-from-db-cluster
          --db-cluster-identifier <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          [--feature-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-identifier (string)
          The name of the DB cluster to disassociate the IAM role from.

       --role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to disassociate  from
          the  DB  cluster,  for  example  arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/Nep-
          tuneAccessRole .

       --feature-name (string)
          The name of the feature for the DB cluster that the IAM role  is  to
          be  disassociated from. For the list of supported feature names, see
          DescribeDBEngineVersions .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-DB-CLUSTER()
