DELETE-PLACEMENT()                                          DELETE-PLACEMENT()



NAME
       delete-placement -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  placement.  To delete a placement, it must not have any de-
       vices associated with it.

       NOTE:
          When you delete a placement, all associated data becomes  irretriev-
          able.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-placement
          --placement-name <value>
          --project-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --placement-name (string)
          The name of the empty placement to delete.

       --project-name (string)
          The project containing the empty placement to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a placement from a project

       The following delete-placement example deletes the specified  placement
       from a project.

          aws iot1click-projects delete-placement \
              --project-name AnytownDumpsters \
              --placement-name customer217

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-PLACEMENT()
