GET-DEVICES-IN-PLACEMENT()                          GET-DEVICES-IN-PLACEMENT()



NAME
       get-devices-in-placement -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an object enumerating the devices in a placement.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-devices-in-placement
          --project-name <value>
          --placement-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The name of the project containing the placement.

       --placement-name (string)
          The name of the placement to get the devices from.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all devices in a placement contained in a project

       The  following  get-devices-in-placement example lists all devices in a
       the specified placement contained in the specified project.

          aws iot1click-projects get-devices-in-placement \
              --project-name AnytownDumpsters \
              --placement-name customer217

       Output:

          {
              "devices": {
                  "empty-dumpster-request": "G030PM0123456789"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       devices -> (map)
          An  object  containing  the devices (zero or more) within the place-
          ment.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                    GET-DEVICES-IN-PLACEMENT()
