LIST-PROJECTS()                                                LIST-PROJECTS()



NAME
       list-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  AWS IoT 1-Click project(s) associated with your AWS account
       and region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-projects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: projects

SYNOPSIS
            list-projects
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all AWS IoT 1-Click projects

       The  following  list-projects example list all AWS IoT 1-Click projects
       in your account.

          aws iot1click-projects list-projects

       Output:

          {
              "projects": [
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:iot1click:us-west-2:012345678901:projects/AnytownDumpsters",
                      "projectName": "AnytownDumpsters",
                      "createdDate": 1563483100,
                      "updatedDate": 1563483100,
                      "tags": {}
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       projects -> (list)
          An object containing the list of projects.

          (structure)
              An object providing summary information for a particular project
              for an associated AWS account and region.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the project.

              projectName -> (string)
                 The name of the project being summarized.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the project was  originally  created,  in  UNIX
                 epoch time format.

              updatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  when  the  project was last updated, in UNIX epoch
                 time format. If the project was not updated, then createdDate
                 and updatedDate are the same.

              tags -> (map)
                 The  tags  (metadata  key/value  pairs)  associated  with the
                 project.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token used to retrieve the next set of results - will be  effec-
          tively empty if there are no further results.



                                                               LIST-PROJECTS()
