BATCH-GET-FREE-TRIAL-INFO()                        BATCH-GET-FREE-TRIAL-INFO()



NAME
       batch-get-free-trial-info -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets free trial status for multiple Amazon Web Services accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-get-free-trial-info
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The account IDs to get free trial status for.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       accounts -> (list)
          An array of objects that provide Amazon Inspector free trial details
          for each of the requested accounts.

          (structure)
              Information  about  the  Amazon  Inspector free trial for an ac-
              count.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The account associated with the Amazon Inspector  free  trial
                 information.

              freeTrialInfo -> (list)
                 Contains  information  about  the Amazon Inspector free trial
                 for an account.

                 (structure)
                     An object that contains information about the Amazon  In-
                     spector free trial for an account.

                     end -> (timestamp)
                        The date and time that the Amazon Inspector free trail
                        ends for a given account.

                     start -> (timestamp)
                        The date and time that the Amazon Inspector free trail
                        started for a given account.

                     status -> (string)
                        The order to sort results by.

                     type -> (string)
                        The  type of scan covered by the Amazon Inspector free
                        trail.

       failedAccounts -> (list)
          An array of objects detailing any  accounts  that  free  trial  data
          could not be returned for.

          (structure)
              Information  about  an error received while accessing free trail
              data for an account.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The account associated with the Amazon Inspector  free  trial
                 information.

              code -> (string)
                 The error code.

              message -> (string)
                 The error message returned.



                                                   BATCH-GET-FREE-TRIAL-INFO()
