DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()    DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-organization-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Describe Amazon Inspector configuration settings for an Amazon Web Ser-
       vices organization

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-organization-configuration
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       autoEnable -> (structure)
          The scan types are automatically enabled for new members of your or-
          ganization.

          ec2 -> (boolean)
              Represents whether Amazon EC2 scans  are  automatically  enabled
              for new members of your Amazon Inspector organization.

          ecr -> (boolean)
              Represents  whether  Amazon  ECR scans are automatically enabled
              for new members of your Amazon Inspector organization.

       maxAccountLimitReached -> (boolean)
          Represents whether your organization has reached the maximum  Amazon
          Web Services account limit for Amazon Inspector.



                                         DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()
