GET-CONFIGURATION()                                        GET-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves setting configurations for Inspector scans.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-configuration
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ecrConfiguration -> (structure)
          Specifies how the ECR automated re-scan duration is  currently  con-
          figured for your environment.

          rescanDurationState -> (structure)
              An object that contains details about the state of the ECR auto-
              mated re-scan setting.

              rescanDuration -> (string)
                 The ECR automated re-scan duration defines how  long  an  ECR
                 image  will be actively scanned by Amazon Inspector. When the
                 number of days since an image was last pushed exceeds the au-
                 tomated  re-scan  duration the monitoring state of that image
                 becomes inactive and all associated  findings  are  scheduled
                 for closure.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of changes to the ECR automated re-scan duration.

              updatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 A  timestamp representing when the last time the ECR scan du-
                 ration setting was changed.



                                                           GET-CONFIGURATION()
