GET-MEMBER()                                                      GET-MEMBER()



NAME
       get-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets member information for your organization.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-member
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID of the member account to retrieve
          information on.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       member -> (structure)
          Details of the retrieved member account.

          accountId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the member account.

          delegatedAdminAccountId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID of the Amazon Inspector dele-
              gated administrator for this member account.

          relationshipStatus -> (string)
              The status of the member account.

          updatedAt -> (timestamp)
              A timestamp showing when the status of this member was last  up-
              dated.



                                                                  GET-MEMBER()
