LIST-USAGE-TOTALS()                                        LIST-USAGE-TOTALS()



NAME
       list-usage-totals -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the Amazon Inspector usage totals over the last 30 days.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-usage-totals  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: totals

SYNOPSIS
            list-usage-totals
          [--account-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          The Amazon Web Services account IDs to retrieve usage totals for.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination  parameter  to be used on the next list operation to
          retrieve more items.

       totals -> (list)
          An object with details on the total usage for the requested account.

          (structure)
              The total of usage for an account ID.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The account ID of the account that usage data  was  retrieved
                 for.

              usage -> (list)
                 An object representing the total usage for an account.

                 (structure)
                     Contains  usage  information about the cost of Amazon In-
                     spector operation.

                     currency -> (string)
                        The currency type used when calculating usage data.

                     estimatedMonthlyCost -> (double)
                        The estimated monthly cost of Amazon Inspector.

                     total -> (double)
                        The total of usage.

                     type -> (string)
                        The type scan.



                                                           LIST-USAGE-TOTALS()
