UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()                                  UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       update-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  setting configurations for your Amazon Inspector account. When
       you use this API as an Amazon Inspector  delegated  administrator  this
       updates  the setting for all accounts you manage. Member accounts in an
       organization cannot update this setting.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-configuration
          --ecr-configuration <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ecr-configuration (structure)
          Specifies how the ECR automated re-scan will be updated for your en-
          vironment.

          rescanDuration -> (string)
              The ECR automated re-scan duration defines how long an ECR image
              will be actively scanned by Amazon Inspector. When the number of
              days  since  an  image  was  last  pushed  exceeds the automated
              re-scan duration the monitoring state of that image becomes  in-
              active and all associated findings are scheduled for closure.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          rescanDuration=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "rescanDuration": "LIFETIME"|"DAYS_30"|"DAYS_180"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()
