CREATE-FLEET-ADVISOR-COLLECTOR()              CREATE-FLEET-ADVISOR-COLLECTOR()



NAME
       create-fleet-advisor-collector -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a Fleet Advisor collector using the specified parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-fleet-advisor-collector
          --collector-name <value>
          [--description <value>]
          --service-access-role-arn <value>
          --s3-bucket-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collector-name (string)
          The  name  of your Fleet Advisor collector (for example, sample-col-
          lector ).

       --description (string)
          A summary description of your Fleet Advisor collector.

       --service-access-role-arn (string)
          The IAM role that grants permissions to access the specified  Amazon
          S3 bucket.

       --s3-bucket-name (string)
          The  Amazon S3 bucket that the Fleet Advisor collector uses to store
          inventory metadata.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CollectorReferencedId -> (string)
          The  unique  ID  of  the  new  Fleet Advisor collector, for example:
          22fda70c-40d5-4acf-b233-a495bd8eb7f5

       CollectorName -> (string)
          The name of the new Fleet Advisor collector.

       Description -> (string)
          A summary description of the Fleet Advisor collector.

       ServiceAccessRoleArn -> (string)
          The IAM role that grants permissions to access the specified  Amazon
          S3 bucket.

       S3BucketName -> (string)
          The  Amazon  S3  bucket  that  the collector uses to store inventory
          metadata.



                                              CREATE-FLEET-ADVISOR-COLLECTOR()
