DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-SETTINGS()                      DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-SETTINGS()



NAME
       describe-endpoint-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about the possible endpoint settings available when
       you create an endpoint for a specific database engine.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoint-settings
          --engine-name <value>
          [--max-records <value>]
          [--marker <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --engine-name (string)
          The databse engine used for your source or target endpoint.

       --max-records (integer)
          The maximum number of records to include in the  response.  If  more
          records  exist than the specified MaxRecords value, a pagination to-
          ken called a marker is included in the response so that the  remain-
          ing results can be retrieved.

       --marker (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter is specified, the response includes  only  records  beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter is specified, the response includes  only  records  beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       EndpointSettings -> (list)
          Descriptions  of  the endpoint settings available for your source or
          target database engine.

          (structure)
              Endpoint settings.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name that you want to give the endpoint settings.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of endpoint. Valid values are source and target .

              EnumValues -> (list)
                 Enumerated values to use for this endpoint.

                 (string)

              Sensitive -> (boolean)
                 A value that marks this endpoint setting as sensitive.

              Units -> (string)
                 The unit of measure for this endpoint setting.

              Applicability -> (string)
                 The relevance or validity of an endpoint setting for  an  en-
                 gine name and its endpoint type.

              IntValueMin -> (integer)
                 The  minimum value of an endpoint setting that is of type int
                 .

              IntValueMax -> (integer)
                 The maximum value of an endpoint setting that is of type  int
                 .

              DefaultValue -> (string)
                 The  default  value  of  the  endpoint setting if no value is
                 specified using CreateEndpoint or ModifyEndpoint .



                                                  DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-SETTINGS()
