DESCRIBE-CONNECTIONS()                                  DESCRIBE-CONNECTIONS()



NAME
       describe-connections -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the status of the connections that have been made between the
       replication instance and an endpoint. Connections are created when  you
       test an endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-connections  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Connections

SYNOPSIS
            describe-connections
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filters (list)
          The filters applied to the connection.

          Valid filter names: endpoint-arn | replication-instance-arn

          (structure)
              Identifies the name and value of a filter object. This filter is
              used  to  limit  the number and type of DMS objects that are re-
              turned for a particular Describe*  call  or  similar  operation.
              Filters are used as an optional parameter for certain API opera-
              tions.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter as specified for a Describe* or  simi-
                 lar operation.

              Values -> (list)
                 The  filter  value, which can specify one or more values used
                 to narrow the returned results.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe connections

       The following describe-connections example lists the  connections  that
       you have tested between a replication instance and an endpoint.

          aws dms describe-connections

       Output:

          {
              "Connections": [
                  {
                      "Status": "successful",
                      "ReplicationInstanceIdentifier": "test",
                      "EndpointArn": "arn:aws:dms:us-east-arn:aws:dms:us-east-1:123456789012:endpoint:ZW5UAN6P4E77EC7YWHK4RZZ3BE",
                      "EndpointIdentifier": "testsrc1",
                      "ReplicationInstanceArn": "arn:aws:dms:us-east-1:123456789012:rep:6UTDJGBOUS3VI3SUWA66XFJCJQ"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Creating Source and Target Endpoints in the
       AWS Database Migration Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter  is  specified,  the response includes only records beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       Connections -> (list)
          A description of the connections.

          (structure)
              Status of the connection between an endpoint and  a  replication
              instance,  including  Amazon  Resource Names (ARNs) and the last
              error message issued.

              ReplicationInstanceArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the replication instance.

              EndpointArn -> (string)
                 The ARN string that uniquely identifies the endpoint.

              Status -> (string)
                 The connection status. This parameter can return one  of  the
                 following values:

                 o "successful"

                 o "testing"

                 o "failed"

                 o "deleting"

              LastFailureMessage -> (string)
                 The error message when the connection last failed.

              EndpointIdentifier -> (string)
                 The identifier of the endpoint. Identifiers must begin with a
                 letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits,  and  hy-
                 phens.  They  can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecu-
                 tive hyphens.

              ReplicationInstanceIdentifier -> (string)
                 The replication instance identifier. This parameter is stored
                 as a lowercase string.



                                                        DESCRIBE-CONNECTIONS()
