DESCRIBE-SCHEMAS()                                          DESCRIBE-SCHEMAS()



NAME
       describe-schemas -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about the schema for the specified endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-schemas  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Schemas

SYNOPSIS
            describe-schemas
          --endpoint-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) string that uniquely  identifies  the
          endpoint.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To desscribe database schemas

       The following describe-schemas example lists the available tables at an
       endpoint.

          aws dms describe-schemas \
              --endpoint-arn "arn:aws:dms:us-east-1:123456789012:endpoint:6GGI6YPWWGAYUVLKIB732KEVWA"

       Output:

          {
              "Schemas": [
                  "prodrep"
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see This is the topic title in the AWS Database
       Migration Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided by a previous request. If this
          parameter  is  specified,  the response includes only records beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       Schemas -> (list)
          The described schema.

          (string)



                                                            DESCRIBE-SCHEMAS()
