DESCRIBE-APPLICABLE-INDIVIDUAL-ASSDESCRIBE-APPLICABLE-INDIVIDUAL-ASSESSMENTS()



NAME
       describe-applicable-individual-assessments -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a  list  of individual assessments that you can specify for a
       new premigration assessment run, given one or more parameters.

       If you specify an existing migration task, this operation provides  the
       default  individual  assessments  you can specify for that task. Other-
       wise, the specified parameters model elements of a  possible  migration
       task on which to base a premigration assessment run.

       To  use  these  migration task modeling parameters, you must specify an
       existing replication instance, a source database engine, a target data-
       base  engine,  and a migration type. This combination of parameters po-
       tentially limits the default individual assessments  available  for  an
       assessment run created for a corresponding migration task.

       If  you  specify  no  parameters, this operation provides a list of all
       possible individual assessments that you can specify for an  assessment
       run.  If  you specify any one of the task modeling parameters, you must
       specify all of them or the operation cannot provide a list of  individ-
       ual  assessments.  The only parameter that you can specify alone is for
       an existing migration task. The specified task definition  then  deter-
       mines  the  default list of individual assessments that you can specify
       in an assessment run for the task.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-applicable-individual-assessments
          [--replication-task-arn <value>]
          [--replication-instance-arn <value>]
          [--source-engine-name <value>]
          [--target-engine-name <value>]
          [--migration-type <value>]
          [--max-records <value>]
          [--marker <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --replication-task-arn (string)
          Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a migration task on which you want  to
          base the default list of individual assessments.

       --replication-instance-arn (string)
          ARN  of a replication instance on which you want to base the default
          list of individual assessments.

       --source-engine-name (string)
          Name of a database engine that the  specified  replication  instance
          supports as a source.

       --target-engine-name (string)
          Name  of  a  database engine that the specified replication instance
          supports as a target.

       --migration-type (string)
          Name of the migration type that each provided individual  assessment
          must support.

          Possible values:

          o full-load

          o cdc

          o full-load-and-cdc

       --max-records (integer)
          Maximum  number  of  records  to  include  in  the response. If more
          records exist than the specified MaxRecords value, a pagination  to-
          ken  called a marker is included in the response so that the remain-
          ing results can be retrieved.

       --marker (string)
          Optional pagination token provided by a previous  request.  If  this
          parameter  is  specified,  the response includes only records beyond
          the marker, up to the value specified by MaxRecords .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IndividualAssessmentNames -> (list)
          List of names for the individual assessments supported by the premi-
          gration assessment run that you start based on the specified request
          parameters. For more information on the available individual assess-
          ments, including compatibility with different migration task config-
          urations, see Working with premigration assessment runs in the Data-
          base Migration Service User Guide.

          (string)

       Marker -> (string)
          Pagination  token  returned for you to pass to a subsequent request.
          If you pass this token as the Marker value in a subsequent  request,
          the  response  includes  only  records  beyond the marker, up to the
          value specified in the request by MaxRecords .



                                  DESCRIBE-APPLICABLE-INDIVIDUAL-ASSESSMENTS()
