UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTIONS-TO-EVENT-BRIDGE()  UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTIONS-TO-EVENT-BRIDGE()



NAME
       update-subscriptions-to-event-bridge -

DESCRIPTION
       Migrates  10  active and enabled Amazon SNS subscriptions at a time and
       converts them to corresponding Amazon EventBridge  rules.  By  default,
       this  operation  migrates  subscriptions only when all your replication
       instance versions are 3.4.6 or higher. If any replication instances are
       from  versions  earlier  than  3.4.6, the operation raises an error and
       tells you to upgrade these instances to version 3.4.6 or higher. To en-
       able  migration  regardless  of  version, set the Force option to true.
       However, if you don't upgrade instances  earlier  than  version  3.4.6,
       some  types of events might not be available when you use Amazon Event-
       Bridge.

       To call this operation, make sure that  you  have  certain  permissions
       added  to  your user account. For more information, see Migrating event
       subscriptions to Amazon EventBridge in the Amazon Web Services Database
       Migration Service User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-subscriptions-to-event-bridge
          [--force-move | --no-force-move]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --force-move | --no-force-move (boolean)
          When set to true, this operation migrates DMS subscriptions for Ama-
          zon SNS notifications no matter what your replication instance  ver-
          sion  is.  If not set or set to false, this operation runs only when
          all your replication instances are from DMS version 3.4.6 or higher.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Result -> (string)
          A  string  that indicates how many event subscriptions were migrated
          and how many remain to be migrated.



                                        UPDATE-SUBSCRIPTIONS-TO-EVENT-BRIDGE()
