CREATE-CONNECT-CLIENT-ADD-IN()                  CREATE-CONNECT-CLIENT-ADD-IN()



NAME
       create-connect-client-add-in -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a client-add-in for Amazon Connect within a directory. You can
       create only one Amazon Connect client add-in within a directory.

       This client add-in allows WorkSpaces users  to  seamlessly  connect  to
       Amazon Connect.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-connect-client-add-in
          --resource-id <value>
          --name <value>
          --url <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The directory identifier for which to configure the client add-in.

       --name (string)
          The name of the client add-in.

       --url (string)
          The endpoint URL of the Amazon Connect client add-in.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AddInId -> (string)
          The client add-in identifier.



                                                CREATE-CONNECT-CLIENT-ADD-IN()
