CREATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()                            CREATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()



NAME
       create-connection-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  the specified connection alias for use with cross-Region redi-
       rection. For more information, see Cross-Region Redirection for  Amazon
       WorkSpaces .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-connection-alias
          --connection-string <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connection-string (string)
          A  connection  string  in  the form of a fully qualified domain name
          (FQDN), such as www.example.com .

          WARNING:
              After you create a connection string, it is always associated to
              your  Amazon  Web Services account. You cannot recreate the same
              connection string with a different account, even if  you  delete
              all  instances  of  it from the original account. The connection
              string is globally reserved for your account.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to associate with the connection alias.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AliasId -> (string)
          The identifier of the connection alias.



                                                     CREATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()
