DELETE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()                            DELETE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-connection-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  connection  alias.  For  more information, see
       Cross-Region Redirection for Amazon WorkSpaces .

       WARNING:
          If you will no longer be using a fully qualified domain name  (FQDN)
          as  the  registration  code for your WorkSpaces users, you must take
          certain precautions to prevent potential security issues.  For  more
          information, see Security Considerations if You Stop Using Cross-Re-
          gion Redirection .

       NOTE:
          To delete a connection alias that has been shared,  the  shared  ac-
          count must first disassociate the connection alias from any directo-
          ries it has been associated with. Then you must unshare the  connec-
          tion  alias from the account it has been shared with. You can delete
          a connection alias only after it is no longer shared  with  any  ac-
          counts or associated with any directories.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-connection-alias
          --alias-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-id (string)
          The identifier of the connection alias to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()
