DESCRIBE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSIONS()DESCRIBE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       describe-connection-alias-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  permissions  that  the  owner of a connection alias has
       granted to another Amazon Web Services account for the  specified  con-
       nection  alias.  For more information, see Cross-Region Redirection for
       Amazon WorkSpaces .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-connection-alias-permissions
          --alias-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-id (string)
          The identifier of the connection alias.

       --next-token (string)
          If you received a NextToken from a previous call that was paginated,
          provide this token to receive the next set of results.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AliasId -> (string)
          The identifier of the connection alias.

       ConnectionAliasPermissions -> (list)
          The permissions associated with a connection alias.

          (structure)
              Describes  the  permissions  for  a connection alias. Connection
              aliases are used for cross-Region redirection. For more informa-
              tion, see Cross-Region Redirection for Amazon WorkSpaces .

              SharedAccountId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  of  the Amazon Web Services account that the
                 connection alias is shared with.

              AllowAssociation -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the specified Amazon Web  Services  account
                 is  allowed  to  associate the connection alias with a direc-
                 tory.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                       DESCRIBE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSIONS()
