DESCRIBE-TAGS()                                                DESCRIBE-TAGS()



NAME
       describe-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the specified tags for the specified WorkSpaces resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-tags
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The  identifier  of  the WorkSpaces resource. The supported resource
          types are WorkSpaces, registered directories,  images,  custom  bun-
          dles, IP access control groups, and connection aliases.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the tags for a WorkSpace

       The  following  describe-tags example lists the tag key names and their
       values for the specified WorkSpace.

          aws workspaces describe-tags \
              --resource-id ws-12345678

       Output:

          {
              "TagList": [
                  {
                      "Key": "username",
                      "Value": "jane1234"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          The tags.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.



                                                               DESCRIBE-TAGS()
