DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGES()                        DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGES()



NAME
       describe-workspace-images -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  list  that describes one or more specified images, if the
       image identifiers are provided. Otherwise, all images  in  the  account
       are described.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-workspace-images  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: Images

SYNOPSIS
            describe-workspace-images
          [--image-ids <value>]
          [--image-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-ids (list)
          The identifier of the image.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --image-type (string)
          The type (owned or shared) of the image.

          Possible values:

          o OWNED

          o SHARED

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Images -> (list)
          Information about the images.

          (structure)
              Describes a WorkSpace image.

              ImageId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the image.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the image.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the image.

              OperatingSystem -> (structure)
                 The operating system that the image is running.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The operating system.

              State -> (string)
                 The status of the image.

              RequiredTenancy -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the image is running on dedicated hardware.
                 When  Bring Your Own License (BYOL) is enabled, this value is
                 set to DEDICATED . For more information, see Bring  Your  Own
                 Windows Desktop Images .

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code that is returned for the image.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The text of the error message that is returned for the image.

              Created -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  when  the image was created. If the image has been
                 shared, the Amazon Web Services account that  the  image  has
                 been  shared  with sees the original creation date of the im-
                 age.

              OwnerAccountId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the Amazon Web Services account  that  owns
                 the image.

              Updates -> (structure)
                 The updates (if any) that are available for the specified im-
                 age.

                 UpdateAvailable -> (boolean)
                     Indicates whether updated drivers or other components are
                     available for the specified WorkSpace image.

                 Description -> (string)
                     A  description of whether updates for the WorkSpace image
                     are pending or available.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                                   DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGES()
