DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSIONS()  DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       describe-workspace-image-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  permissions  that  the owner of an image has granted to
       other Amazon Web Services accounts for an image.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-workspace-image-permissions
          --image-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The identifier of the image.

       --next-token (string)
          If you received a NextToken from a previous call that was paginated,
          provide this token to receive the next set of results.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of items to return.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ImageId -> (string)
          The identifier of the image.

       ImagePermissions -> (list)
          The  identifiers  of the Amazon Web Services accounts that the image
          has been shared with.

          (structure)
              Describes the  Amazon  Web  Services  accounts  that  have  been
              granted  permission  to use a shared image. For more information
              about sharing images, see Share or Unshare a  Custom  WorkSpaces
              Image .

              SharedAccountId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the Amazon Web Services account that an im-
                 age has been shared with.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to use to retrieve the next page of results. This value is
          null when there are no more results to return.



                                        DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSIONS()
