DISASSOCIATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()                DISASSOCIATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()



NAME
       disassociate-connection-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  connection  alias  from a directory. Disassociating a
       connection alias disables cross-Region redirection between two directo-
       ries in different Regions. For more information, see Cross-Region Redi-
       rection for Amazon WorkSpaces .

       NOTE:
          Before performing this operation, call DescribeConnectionAliases  to
          make  sure that the current state of the connection alias is CREATED
          .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-connection-alias
          --alias-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-id (string)
          The identifier of the connection alias to disassociate.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DISASSOCIATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS()
