MODIFY-CLIENT-PROPERTIES()                          MODIFY-CLIENT-PROPERTIES()



NAME
       modify-client-properties -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies the properties of the specified Amazon WorkSpaces clients.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-client-properties
          --resource-id <value>
          --client-properties <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The resource identifiers, in the form of directory IDs.

       --client-properties (structure)
          Information about the Amazon WorkSpaces client.

          ReconnectEnabled -> (string)
              Specifies  whether users can cache their credentials on the Ama-
              zon WorkSpaces client. When enabled, users can choose to  recon-
              nect to their WorkSpaces without re-entering their credentials.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ReconnectEnabled=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "ReconnectEnabled": "ENABLED"|"DISABLED"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    MODIFY-CLIENT-PROPERTIES()
