MODIFY-ACCOUNT()                                              MODIFY-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       modify-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  configuration  of  Bring Your Own License (BYOL) for the
       specified account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-account
          [--dedicated-tenancy-support <value>]
          [--dedicated-tenancy-management-cidr-range <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dedicated-tenancy-support (string)
          The status of BYOL.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

       --dedicated-tenancy-management-cidr-range (string)
          The IP address range, specified as an IPv4 CIDR block, for the  man-
          agement  network interface. Specify an IP address range that is com-
          patible with your network and in CIDR notation (that is, specify the
          range  as  an IPv4 CIDR block). The CIDR block size must be /16 (for
          example, 203.0.113.25/16). It must also be specified as available by
          the ListAvailableManagementCidrRanges operation.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              MODIFY-ACCOUNT()
