UPDATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSION()      UPDATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSION()



NAME
       update-connection-alias-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Shares  or  unshares  a connection alias with one account by specifying
       whether that account has permission to associate the  connection  alias
       with a directory. If the association permission is granted, the connec-
       tion alias is shared with that account. If the  association  permission
       is revoked, the connection alias is unshared with the account. For more
       information, see Cross-Region Redirection for Amazon WorkSpaces .

       NOTE:

          o Before performing this operation,  call  DescribeConnectionAliases
            to  make  sure  that  the current state of the connection alias is
            CREATED .

          o To delete a connection alias that has been shared, the shared  ac-
            count must first disassociate the connection alias from any direc-
            tories it has been associated with. Then you must unshare the con-
            nection  alias  from  the account it has been shared with. You can
            delete a connection alias only after it is no longer  shared  with
            any accounts or associated with any directories.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-connection-alias-permission
          --alias-id <value>
          --connection-alias-permission <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alias-id (string)
          The  identifier of the connection alias that you want to update per-
          missions for.

       --connection-alias-permission (structure)
          Indicates whether to share or unshare the connection alias with  the
          specified Amazon Web Services account.

          SharedAccountId -> (string)
              The  identifier of the Amazon Web Services account that the con-
              nection alias is shared with.

          AllowAssociation -> (boolean)
              Indicates whether the specified Amazon Web Services  account  is
              allowed to associate the connection alias with a directory.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          SharedAccountId=string,AllowAssociation=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "SharedAccountId": "string",
            "AllowAssociation": true|false
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          UPDATE-CONNECTION-ALIAS-PERMISSION()
