UPDATE-WORKSPACE-BUNDLE()                            UPDATE-WORKSPACE-BUNDLE()



NAME
       update-workspace-bundle -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates a WorkSpace bundle with a new image. For more information about
       updating WorkSpace bundles, see Update a Custom WorkSpaces Bundle .

       WARNING:
          Existing WorkSpaces aren't automatically updated when you update the
          bundle that they're based on. To update existing WorkSpaces that are
          based on a bundle that you've updated, you must either  rebuild  the
          WorkSpaces or delete and recreate them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-workspace-bundle
          [--bundle-id <value>]
          [--image-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bundle-id (string)
          The identifier of the bundle.

       --image-id (string)
          The identifier of the image.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     UPDATE-WORKSPACE-BUNDLE()
