UPDATE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSION()        UPDATE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       update-workspace-image-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Shares  or  unshares  an  image with one account in the same Amazon Web
       Services Region by specifying whether that account  has  permission  to
       copy  the  image. If the copy image permission is granted, the image is
       shared with that account. If the copy image permission is revoked,  the
       image is unshared with the account.

       After  an image has been shared, the recipient account can copy the im-
       age to other Regions as needed.

       In the China (Ningxia) Region, you can copy images only within the same
       Region.

       In  Amazon Web Services GovCloud (US), to copy images to and from other
       Regions, contact Amazon Web Services Support.

       For more information about sharing images, see Share or Unshare a  Cus-
       tom WorkSpaces Image .

       NOTE:

          o To  delete an image that has been shared, you must unshare the im-
            age before you delete it.

          o Sharing Bring Your Own License (BYOL)  images  across  Amazon  Web
            Services  accounts isn't supported at this time in Amazon Web Ser-
            vices GovCloud (US). To share BYOL images across accounts in  Ama-
            zon  Web  Services GovCloud (US), contact Amazon Web Services Sup-
            port.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-workspace-image-permission
          --image-id <value>
          --allow-copy-image | --no-allow-copy-image
          --shared-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-id (string)
          The identifier of the image.

       --allow-copy-image | --no-allow-copy-image (boolean)
          The permission to copy the image. This  permission  can  be  revoked
          only after an image has been shared.

       --shared-account-id (string)
          The  identifier  of  the Amazon Web Services account to share or un-
          share the image with.

          WARNING:
              Before sharing the image, confirm that you are  sharing  to  the
              correct Amazon Web Services account ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           UPDATE-WORKSPACE-IMAGE-PERMISSION()
