CHANGE-MESSAGE-VISIBILITY()                        CHANGE-MESSAGE-VISIBILITY()



NAME
       change-message-visibility -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  visibility timeout of a specified message in a queue to a
       new value. The default visibility timeout for a message is 30  seconds.
       The  minimum  is  0 seconds. The maximum is 12 hours. For more informa-
       tion, see Visibility Timeout in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

       For example, you have a message with a visibility timeout of 5 minutes.
       After  3 minutes, you call ChangeMessageVisibility with a timeout of 10
       minutes. You can continue to call ChangeMessageVisibility to extend the
       visibility  timeout  to  the maximum allowed time. If you try to extend
       the visibility timeout beyond the maximum, your request is rejected.

       An Amazon SQS message has three basic states:

       o Sent to a queue by a producer.

       o Received from the queue by a consumer.

       o Deleted from the queue.

       A message is considered to be stored after it is sent to a queue  by  a
       producer,  but  not yet received from the queue by a consumer (that is,
       between states 1 and 2). There is no limit to the number of stored mes-
       sages.  A  message  is  considered to be in flight after it is received
       from a queue by a consumer, but not yet deleted from  the  queue  (that
       is, between states 2 and 3). There is a limit to the number of inflight
       messages.

       Limits that apply to inflight messages are unrelated to  the  unlimited
       number of stored messages.

       For  most standard queues (depending on queue traffic and message back-
       log), there can be a maximum of approximately 120,000 inflight messages
       (received  from  a  queue  by  a consumer, but not yet deleted from the
       queue). If you reach this limit, Amazon SQS returns the OverLimit error
       message.  To  avoid reaching the limit, you should delete messages from
       the queue after they're processed. You can also increase the number  of
       queues  you  use to process your messages. To request a limit increase,
       file a support request .

       For FIFO queues, there can be a maximum  of  20,000  inflight  messages
       (received  from  a  queue  by  a consumer, but not yet deleted from the
       queue). If you reach this limit, Amazon SQS returns no error messages.

       WARNING:
          If you attempt to set the VisibilityTimeout to a value greater  than
          the  maximum  time  left,  Amazon  SQS  returns an error. Amazon SQS
          doesn't automatically recalculate and increase the  timeout  to  the
          maximum remaining time.

          Unlike  with  a  queue, when you change the visibility timeout for a
          specific message the timeout value is applied immediately but  isn't
          saved  in memory for that message. If you don't delete a message af-
          ter it is received, the visibility timeout for the  message  reverts
          to  the  original  timeout value (not to the value you set using the
          ChangeMessageVisibility action) the next time  the  message  is  re-
          ceived.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            change-message-visibility
          --queue-url <value>
          --receipt-handle <value>
          --visibility-timeout <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The  URL  of  the  Amazon  SQS  queue  whose message's visibility is
          changed.

          Queue URLs and names are case-sensitive.

       --receipt-handle (string)
          The receipt handle associated  with  the  message  whose  visibility
          timeout  is  changed.  This  parameter  is  returned  by the ``  Re-
          ceiveMessage `` action.

       --visibility-timeout (integer)
          The new value for the message's  visibility  timeout  (in  seconds).
          Values range: 0 to 43200 . Maximum: 12 hours.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To change a message's timeout visibility

       This  example  changes the specified message's timeout visibility to 10
       hours (10 hours * 60 minutes * 60 seconds).

       Command:

          aws sqs change-message-visibility --queue-url https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/80398EXAMPLE/MyQueue --receipt-handle AQEBTpyI...t6HyQg== --visibility-timeout 36000

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   CHANGE-MESSAGE-VISIBILITY()
