DELETE-QUEUE()                                                  DELETE-QUEUE()



NAME
       delete-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the queue specified by the QueueUrl , regardless of the queue's
       contents.

       WARNING:
          Be careful with the DeleteQueue action: When you delete a queue, any
          messages in the queue are no longer available.

       When  you  delete a queue, the deletion process takes up to 60 seconds.
       Requests you send involving that queue during the 60 seconds might suc-
       ceed.  For example, a ``  SendMessage `` request might succeed, but af-
       ter 60 seconds the queue and the message you sent no longer exist.

       When you delete a queue, you must wait at least 60 seconds before  cre-
       ating a queue with the same name.

       NOTE:
          Cross-account  permissions  don't apply to this action. For more in-
          formation, see Grant cross-account permissions to a role and a  user
          name in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-queue
          --queue-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The URL of the Amazon SQS queue to delete.

          Queue URLs and names are case-sensitive.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a queue

       This example deletes the specified queue.

       Command:

          aws sqs delete-queue --queue-url https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/80398EXAMPLE/MyNewerQueue

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-QUEUE()
