LIST-QUEUE-TAGS()                                            LIST-QUEUE-TAGS()



NAME
       list-queue-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       List  all cost allocation tags added to the specified Amazon SQS queue.
       For an overview, see Tagging Your Amazon SQS Queues in the  Amazon  SQS
       Developer Guide .

       NOTE:
          Cross-account  permissions  don't apply to this action. For more in-
          formation, see Grant cross-account permissions to a role and a  user
          name in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-queue-tags
          --queue-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The URL of the queue.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all cost allocation tags for a queue

       The  following list-queue-tags example displays all of the cost alloca-
       tion tags associated with the specified queue.

          aws sqs list-queue-tags \
              --queue-url https://sqs.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/123456789012/MyQueue

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "Team": "Alpha"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Listing Cost Allocation Tags  in  the  Amazon
       Simple Queue Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          The list of all tags added to the specified queue.

          Key -> (string)

          Value -> (string)



                                                             LIST-QUEUE-TAGS()
