PURGE-QUEUE()                                                    PURGE-QUEUE()



NAME
       purge-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the messages in a queue specified by the QueueURL parameter.

       WARNING:
          When  you use the PurgeQueue action, you can't retrieve any messages
          deleted from a queue.

          The message deletion process takes up to 60  seconds.  We  recommend
          waiting for 60 seconds regardless of your queue's size.

       Messages sent to the queue before you call PurgeQueue might be received
       but are deleted within the next minute.

       Messages sent to the queue after you call PurgeQueue might  be  deleted
       while the queue is being purged.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            purge-queue
          --queue-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The  URL  of the queue from which the PurgeQueue action deletes mes-
          sages.

          Queue URLs and names are case-sensitive.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To purge a queue

       This example deletes all messages in the specified queue.

       Command:

          aws sqs purge-queue --queue-url https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/80398EXAMPLE/MyNewQueue

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 PURGE-QUEUE()
