REMOVE-PERMISSION()                                        REMOVE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       remove-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes  any permissions in the queue policy that matches the specified
       Label parameter.

       NOTE:

          o Only the owner of a queue can remove permissions from it.

          o Cross-account permissions don't apply to this action. For more in-
            formation,  see  Grant  cross-account  permissions to a role and a
            user name in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

          o To remove the ability to change queue permissions, you  must  deny
            permission   to   the   AddPermission  ,  RemovePermission  ,  and
            SetQueueAttributes actions in your IAM policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-permission
          --queue-url <value>
          --label <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The URL of the Amazon SQS queue from which permissions are removed.

          Queue URLs and names are case-sensitive.

       --label (string)
          The identification of the permission to remove. This  is  the  label
          added using the ``  AddPermission `` action.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a permission

       This example removes the permission with the specified label  from  the
       specified queue.

       Command:

          aws sqs remove-permission --queue-url https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/80398EXAMPLE/MyQueue --label SendMessagesFromMyQueue

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           REMOVE-PERMISSION()
