TAG-QUEUE()                                                        TAG-QUEUE()



NAME
       tag-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Add  cost  allocation  tags  to  the specified Amazon SQS queue. For an
       overview, see Tagging Your Amazon SQS Queues in the Amazon  SQS  Devel-
       oper Guide .

       When you use queue tags, keep the following guidelines in mind:

       o Adding more than 50 tags to a queue isn't recommended.

       o Tags  don't  have any semantic meaning. Amazon SQS interprets tags as
         character strings.

       o Tags are case-sensitive.

       o A new tag with a key identical to that of an existing tag  overwrites
         the existing tag.

       For  a  full  list of tag restrictions, see Quotas related to queues in
       the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

       NOTE:
          Cross-account permissions don't apply to this action. For  more  in-
          formation,  see Grant cross-account permissions to a role and a user
          name in the Amazon SQS Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-queue
          --queue-url <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --queue-url (string)
          The URL of the queue.

       --tags (map)
          The list of tags to be added to the specified queue.

          Key -> (string)

          Value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add cost allocation tags to a queue

       The following tag-queue example adds a cost allocation tag to the spec-
       ified Amazon SQS queue.

          aws sqs tag-queue \
              --queue-url https://sqs.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/123456789012/MyQueue \
              --tags Priority=Highest

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Adding Cost Allocation  Tags  in  the  Amazon
       Simple Queue Service Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                   TAG-QUEUE()
