DELETE-SIMULATION-APPLICATION()                DELETE-SIMULATION-APPLICATION()



NAME
       delete-simulation-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a simulation application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-simulation-application
          --application <value>
          [--application-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application (string)
          The  application  information  for  the  simulation  application  to
          delete.

       --application-version (string)
          The version of the simulation application to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a simulation application

       This example deletes a simulation application.

       Command:

          aws robomaker delete-simulation-application --application arn:aws:robomaker:us-west-2:111111111111:simulation-application/MySimulationApplication/1551203427605

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-SIMULATION-APPLICATION()
