DESCRIBE-WORLD-TEMPLATE()                            DESCRIBE-WORLD-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       describe-world-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes a world template.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-world-template
          --template <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (arn) of the world template you want to de-
          scribe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the world template.

       clientRequestToken -> (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive  identifier  that  you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the world template.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the  world  template
          was created.

       lastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The  time,  in milliseconds since the epoch, when the world template
          was last updated.

       tags -> (map)
          A map that contains tag keys and tag values that are attached to the
          world template.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       version -> (string)
          The version of the world template that you're using.



                                                     DESCRIBE-WORLD-TEMPLATE()
