DESCRIBE-WORLD()                                              DESCRIBE-WORLD()



NAME
       describe-world -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes a world.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-world
          --world <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --world (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (arn) of the world you want to describe.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (arn) of the world.

       generationJob -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (arn) of the world generation job that gen-
          erated the world.

       template -> (string)
          The world template.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the world  was  cre-
          ated.

       tags -> (map)
          A map that contains tag keys and tag values that are attached to the
          world.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       worldDescriptionBody -> (string)
          Returns the JSON formatted string that  describes  the  contents  of
          your world.



                                                              DESCRIBE-WORLD()
