TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds or edits tags for a AWS RoboMaker resource.

       Each tag consists of a tag key and a tag value. Tag keys and tag values
       are both required, but tag values can be empty strings.

       For information about the rules that apply to tag keys and tag  values,
       see  User-Defined  Tag Restrictions in the AWS Billing and Cost Manage-
       ment User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS RoboMaker resource you are
          tagging.

       --tags (map)
          A map that contains tag keys and tag values that are attached to the
          resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To tag a resource

       This example tags a resource. It attaches two tags: Region and Stage.

       Command:

          aws robomaker tag-resource --resource-arn "arn:aws:robomaker:us-west-2:111111111111:robot/MyRobot/1544035373264" --tags Region=North,Stage=Initial

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
