GET-WORKSPACE()                                                GET-WORKSPACE()



NAME
       get-workspace -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about a workspace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-workspace
          --workspace-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workspace-id (string)
          The ID of the workspace.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the workspace.

       creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the workspace was created.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the workspace.

       role -> (string)
          The ARN of the execution role associated with the workspace.

       s3Location -> (string)
          The  ARN  of  the  S3  bucket  where  resources  associated with the
          workspace are stored.

       updateDateTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the workspace was last updated.

       workspaceId -> (string)
          The ID of the workspace.



                                                               GET-WORKSPACE()
