LIST-EULAS()                                                      LIST-EULAS()



NAME
       list-eulas -

DESCRIPTION
       List Eulas.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-eulas  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: eulas

SYNOPSIS
            list-eulas
          [--eula-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --eula-ids (list)
          The list of EULA IDs that should be returned

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       eulas -> (list)
          A collection of EULA resources.

          (structure)
              Represents a EULA resource.

              content -> (string)
                 The EULA content.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 created.

              eulaId -> (string)
                 The EULA ID.

              name -> (string)
                 The name for the EULA.

              updatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the resource was
                 updated.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token for the next set of results, or null if there are no more
          results.



                                                                  LIST-EULAS()
