LIST-STREAMING-IMAGES()                                LIST-STREAMING-IMAGES()



NAME
       list-streaming-images -

DESCRIPTION
       List the streaming image resources available to this studio.

       This  list will contain both images provided by Amazon Web Services, as
       well as streaming images that you have created in your studio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-streaming-images is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: streamingImages

SYNOPSIS
            list-streaming-images
          [--owner <value>]
          --studio-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --owner (string)
          Filter this request to streaming images with the given owner

       --studio-id (string)
          The studio ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The  token for the next set of results, or null if there are no more
          results.

       streamingImages -> (list)
          A collection of streaming images.

          (structure)
              Represents a streaming image resource.

              Streaming images are used by studio users to select which  oper-
              ating  system  and  software they want to use in a Nimble Studio
              streaming session.

              Amazon provides a number of streaming images that include  popu-
              lar 3rd-party software.

              You can create your own streaming images using an Amazon Elastic
              Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) machine image  that  you  create  for
              this  purpose. You can also include software that your users re-
              quire.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource.

              description -> (string)
                 A human-readable description of the streaming image.

              ec2ImageId -> (string)
                 The ID of an EC2 machine  image  with  which  to  create  the
                 streaming image.

              encryptionConfiguration -> (structure)
                 The encryption configuration.

                 keyArn -> (string)
                     The  ARN  for  a  KMS  key that is used to encrypt studio
                     data.

                 keyType -> (string)
                     The type of KMS key that is used to encrypt studio data.

              eulaIds -> (list)
                 The list of EULAs that must be accepted  before  a  Streaming
                 Session can be started using this streaming image.

                 (string)

              name -> (string)
                 A friendly name for a streaming image resource.

              owner -> (string)
                 The  owner  of  the streaming image, either the studioId that
                 contains the streaming image, or 'amazon' for images that are
                 provided by Amazon Nimble Studio.

              platform -> (string)
                 The platform of the streaming image, either WINDOWS or LINUX.

              state -> (string)
                 The current state.

              statusCode -> (string)
                 The status code.

              statusMessage -> (string)
                 The status message for the streaming image.

              streamingImageId -> (string)
                 The ID of the streaming image.

              tags -> (map)
                 A  collection of labels, in the form of key:value pairs, that
                 apply to this resource.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)



                                                       LIST-STREAMING-IMAGES()
