LIST-STUDIO-MEMBERS()                                    LIST-STUDIO-MEMBERS()



NAME
       list-studio-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Get all users in a given studio membership.

       NOTE:
          ListStudioMembers only returns admin members.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-studio-members is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: members

SYNOPSIS
            list-studio-members
          --studio-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --studio-id (string)
          The studio ID.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the available widgets

       The following list-studio-members example lists  the  available  studio
       members in your AWS account.

          aws nimble list-studio-members \
              --studio-id "StudioID"

       Output:

          {
              "members": [
                  {
                      "identityStoreId": "d-EXAMPLE11111",
                      "persona": "ADMINISTRATOR",
                      "principalId": "EXAMPLE11111-e9fd012a-94ad-4f16-9866-c69a63ab6486"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Adding studio users in the Amazon Nimble Stu-
       dio User Guide.

OUTPUT
       members -> (list)
          A list of admin members.

          (structure)
              A studio member is an association of a  user  from  your  studio
              identity source to elevated permissions that they are granted in
              the studio.

              When you add a user to your studio using the Nimble Studio  con-
              sole,  they are given access to the studio's AWS SSO application
              and are given access to log in  to  the  Nimble  Studio  portal.
              These  users  have the permissions provided by the studio's user
              IAM role and do not appear in the studio membership  collection.
              Only studio admins appear in studio membership.

              When you add a user to studio membership with the persona ADMIN,
              upon logging in to the Nimble Studio portal,  they  are  granted
              permissions specified by the Studio's Admin IAM role.

              identityStoreId -> (string)
                 The ID of the identity store.

              persona -> (string)
                 The persona.

              principalId -> (string)
                 The principal ID.

              sid -> (string)
                 The  Active  Directory  Security Identifier for this user, if
                 available.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no  more
          results.



                                                         LIST-STUDIO-MEMBERS()
