CREATE-OBSERVABILITY-CONFIGURATION()      CREATE-OBSERVABILITY-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-observability-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  an  App Runner observability configuration resource. App Runner
       requires this resource when you create or update  App  Runner  services
       and  you  want  to  enable  non-default observability features. You can
       share an observability configuration across multiple services.

       Create multiple revisions of a configuration  by  calling  this  action
       multiple times using the same ObservabilityConfigurationName . The call
       returns incremental ObservabilityConfigurationRevision values. When you
       create a service and configure an observability configuration resource,
       the service uses the latest active revision of the  observability  con-
       figuration  by default. You can optionally configure the service to use
       a specific revision.

       The observability configuration resource is designed to configure  mul-
       tiple  features (currently one feature, tracing). This action takes op-
       tional parameters that describe the  configuration  of  these  features
       (currently  one parameter, TraceConfiguration ). If you don't specify a
       feature parameter, App Runner doesn't enable the feature.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-observability-configuration
          --observability-configuration-name <value>
          [--trace-configuration <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --observability-configuration-name (string)
          A name for the observability configuration. When you use it for  the
          first  time in an Amazon Web Services Region, App Runner creates re-
          vision number 1 of this name. When you use the same name  in  subse-
          quent calls, App Runner creates incremental revisions of the config-
          uration.

          NOTE:
              The name DefaultConfiguration is reserved. You can't use  it  to
              create a new observability configuration, and you can't create a
              revision of it.

              When you want to use your own  observability  configuration  for
              your App Runner service, create a configuration with a different
              name , and then provide it when you create or update  your  ser-
              vice.

       --trace-configuration (structure)
          The  configuration  of the tracing feature within this observability
          configuration. If you don't specify it, App  Runner  doesn't  enable
          tracing.

          Vendor -> (string)
              The  implementation  provider chosen for tracing App Runner ser-
              vices.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Vendor=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Vendor": "AWSXRAY"
          }

       --tags (list)
          A list of metadata items that you can associate  with  your  observ-
          ability configuration resource. A tag is a key-value pair.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag that is applied to an App Runner resource. A tag
              is a metadata item consisting of a key-value pair.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ObservabilityConfiguration -> (structure)
          A  description  of the App Runner observability configuration that's
          created by this request.

          ObservabilityConfigurationArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this observability  configura-
              tion.

          ObservabilityConfigurationName -> (string)
              The  customer-provided  observability configuration name. It can
              be used in multiple revisions of a configuration.

          TraceConfiguration -> (structure)
              The configuration of the tracing feature within this observabil-
              ity configuration. If not specified, tracing isn't enabled.

              Vendor -> (string)
                 The  implementation  provider  chosen  for tracing App Runner
                 services.

          ObservabilityConfigurationRevision -> (integer)
              The revision of this observability  configuration.  It's  unique
              among  all  the active configurations ("Status": "ACTIVE" ) that
              share the same ObservabilityConfigurationName .

          Latest -> (boolean)
              It's set to true for the configuration with the highest Revision
              among  all  configurations that share the same ObservabilityCon-
              figurationName . It's set to false otherwise.

          Status -> (string)
              The current state of the  observability  configuration.  If  the
              status  of a configuration revision is INACTIVE , it was deleted
              and can't be used. Inactive configuration revisions  are  perma-
              nently removed some time after they are deleted.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time when the observability configuration was created. It's
              in Unix time stamp format.

          DeletedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the observability configuration was deleted.  It's
              in Unix time stamp format.



                                          CREATE-OBSERVABILITY-CONFIGURATION()
