CREATE-VPC-CONNECTOR()                                  CREATE-VPC-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       create-vpc-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  an  App Runner VPC connector resource. App Runner requires this
       resource when you want to associate your App Runner service to a custom
       Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-vpc-connector
          --vpc-connector-name <value>
          --subnets <value>
          [--security-groups <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-connector-name (string)
          A name for the VPC connector.

       --subnets (list)
          A  list  of  IDs of subnets that App Runner should use when it asso-
          ciates your service with a custom Amazon VPC. Specify IDs of subnets
          of  a  single  Amazon VPC. App Runner determines the Amazon VPC from
          the subnets you specify.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --security-groups (list)
          A list of IDs of security groups that App Runner should use for  ac-
          cess  to  Amazon Web Services resources under the specified subnets.
          If not specified, App Runner uses the default security group of  the
          Amazon VPC. The default security group allows all outbound traffic.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of metadata items that you can associate with your VPC con-
          nector resource. A tag is a key-value pair.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag that is applied to an App Runner resource. A tag
              is a metadata item consisting of a key-value pair.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VpcConnector -> (structure)
          A description of the App Runner VPC connector that's created by this
          request.

          VpcConnectorName -> (string)
              The customer-provided VPC connector name.

          VpcConnectorArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this VPC connector.

          VpcConnectorRevision -> (integer)
              The  revision  of  this VPC connector. It's unique among all the
              active connectors ("Status": "ACTIVE" ) that share the same Name
              .

              NOTE:
                 At this time, App Runner supports only one revision per name.

          Subnets -> (list)
              A  list of IDs of subnets that App Runner uses for your service.
              All IDs are of subnets of a single Amazon VPC.

              (string)

          SecurityGroups -> (list)
              A list of IDs of security groups that App Runner uses for access
              to Amazon Web Services resources under the specified subnets. If
              not specified, App Runner uses the default security group of the
              Amazon VPC. The default security group allows all outbound traf-
              fic.

              (string)

          Status -> (string)
              The current state of the VPC connector. If the status of a  con-
              nector  revision is INACTIVE , it was deleted and can't be used.
              Inactive connector revisions are permanently removed  some  time
              after they are deleted.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time  when the VPC connector was created. It's in Unix time
              stamp format.

          DeletedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the VPC connector was deleted. It's in  Unix  time
              stamp format.



                                                        CREATE-VPC-CONNECTOR()
