DELETE-CONNECTION()                                        DELETE-CONNECTION()



NAME
       delete-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete  an  App Runner connection. You must first ensure that there are
       no running App Runner services that use this connection. If  there  are
       any, the DeleteConnection action fails.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-connection
          --connection-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connection-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the App Runner connection that you
          want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a connection

       The following delete-connection example deletes an App  Runner  connec-
       tion.   The connection status after a successful call is DELETED.  This
       is because the connection is no longer available.

          aws apprunner delete-connection \
              --cli-input-json file://input.json

       Contents of input.json:

          {
              "ConnectionArn": "arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:123456789012:connection/my-github-connection"
          }

       Output:

          {
              "Connection": {
                  "ConnectionArn": "arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:123456789012:connection/my-github-connection",
                  "ConnectionName": "my-github-connection",
                  "Status": "DELETED",
                  "CreatedAt": "2020-11-03T00:32:51Z",
                  "ProviderType": "GITHUB"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       Connection -> (structure)
          A description of the App Runner connection that  this  request  just
          deleted.

          ConnectionName -> (string)
              The customer-provided connection name.

          ConnectionArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this connection.

          ProviderType -> (string)
              The source repository provider.

          Status -> (string)
              The  current  state of the App Runner connection. When the state
              is AVAILABLE , you can use the connection to create an App  Run-
              ner service.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  App  Runner  connection  creation time, expressed as a Unix
              time stamp.



                                                           DELETE-CONNECTION()
