DESCRIBE-VPC-CONNECTOR()                              DESCRIBE-VPC-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       describe-vpc-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Return a description of an App Runner VPC connector resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-vpc-connector
          --vpc-connector-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpc-connector-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the App Runner VPC connector that
          you want a description for.

          The ARN must be a full VPC connector ARN.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VpcConnector -> (structure)
          A  description of the App Runner VPC connector that you specified in
          this request.

          VpcConnectorName -> (string)
              The customer-provided VPC connector name.

          VpcConnectorArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this VPC connector.

          VpcConnectorRevision -> (integer)
              The revision of this VPC connector. It's unique  among  all  the
              active connectors ("Status": "ACTIVE" ) that share the same Name
              .

              NOTE:
                 At this time, App Runner supports only one revision per name.

          Subnets -> (list)
              A list of IDs of subnets that App Runner uses for your  service.
              All IDs are of subnets of a single Amazon VPC.

              (string)

          SecurityGroups -> (list)
              A list of IDs of security groups that App Runner uses for access
              to Amazon Web Services resources under the specified subnets. If
              not specified, App Runner uses the default security group of the
              Amazon VPC. The default security group allows all outbound traf-
              fic.

              (string)

          Status -> (string)
              The  current state of the VPC connector. If the status of a con-
              nector revision is INACTIVE , it was deleted and can't be  used.
              Inactive  connector  revisions are permanently removed some time
              after they are deleted.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time when the VPC connector was created. It's in  Unix  time
              stamp format.

          DeletedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time  when the VPC connector was deleted. It's in Unix time
              stamp format.



                                                      DESCRIBE-VPC-CONNECTOR()
