LIST-VPC-CONNECTORS()                                    LIST-VPC-CONNECTORS()



NAME
       list-vpc-connectors -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of App Runner VPC connectors in your Amazon Web Services
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-vpc-connectors
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to include in  each  response  (result
          page). It's used for a paginated request.

          If  you  don't specify MaxResults , the request retrieves all avail-
          able results in a single response.

       --next-token (string)
          A token from a previous result page. It's used for a  paginated  re-
          quest. The request retrieves the next result page. All other parame-
          ter values must be identical to the ones that are specified  in  the
          initial request.

          If you don't specify NextToken , the request retrieves the first re-
          sult page.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VpcConnectors -> (list)
          A list of information records for VPC connectors. In a paginated re-
          quest, the request returns up to MaxResults records for each call.

          (structure)
              Describes an App Runner VPC connector resource. A VPC  connector
              describes  the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) that an
              App Runner service is associated with, and the subnets and secu-
              rity group that are used.

              Multiple  revisions  of a connector might have the same Name and
              different Revision values.

              NOTE:
                 At this time, App Runner supports only one revision per name.

              VpcConnectorName -> (string)
                 The customer-provided VPC connector name.

              VpcConnectorArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this VPC connector.

              VpcConnectorRevision -> (integer)
                 The revision of this VPC connector. It's unique among all the
                 active  connectors  ("Status": "ACTIVE" ) that share the same
                 Name .

                 NOTE:
                     At this time, App Runner supports only one  revision  per
                     name.

              Subnets -> (list)
                 A  list  of IDs of subnets that App Runner uses for your ser-
                 vice. All IDs are of subnets of a single Amazon VPC.

                 (string)

              SecurityGroups -> (list)
                 A list of IDs of security groups that App Runner uses for ac-
                 cess  to  Amazon  Web  Services resources under the specified
                 subnets. If not specified, App Runner uses the default  secu-
                 rity  group of the Amazon VPC. The default security group al-
                 lows all outbound traffic.

                 (string)

              Status -> (string)
                 The current state of the VPC connector. If the  status  of  a
                 connector  revision is INACTIVE , it was deleted and can't be
                 used. Inactive connector revisions  are  permanently  removed
                 some time after they are deleted.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  time  when  the  VPC connector was created. It's in Unix
                 time stamp format.

              DeletedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the VPC connector was  deleted.  It's  in  Unix
                 time stamp format.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token that you can pass in a subsequent request to get the next
          result page. It's returned in a paginated request.



                                                         LIST-VPC-CONNECTORS()
