START-DEPLOYMENT()                                          START-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       start-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiate  a  manual  deployment  of  the latest commit in a source code
       repository or the latest image in a source image repository to  an  App
       Runner service.

       For  a  source  code  repository,  App  Runner retrieves the commit and
       builds a Docker image. For a source image repository,  App  Runner  re-
       trieves the latest Docker image. In both cases, App Runner then deploys
       the new image to your service and starts a new container instance.

       This is an asynchronous operation. On a successful call,  you  can  use
       the  returned OperationId and the  ListOperations call to track the op-
       eration's progress.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-deployment
          --service-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the App Runner  service  that  you
          want to manually deploy to.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To initiate a manual deployment

       The  following start-deployment example performs a manual deployment to
       an App Runner service.

          aws apprunner start-deployment \
              --cli-input-json file://input.json

       Contents of input.json:

          {
              "ServiceArn": "arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:123456789012:service/python-app/8fe1e10304f84fd2b0df550fe98a71fa"
          }

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "853a7d5b-fc9f-4730-831b-fd8037ab832a"
          }

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          The unique ID  of  the  asynchronous  operation  that  this  request
          started.  You  can  use it combined with the  ListOperations call to
          track the operation's progress.



                                                            START-DEPLOYMENT()
