UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove tags from an App Runner resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you want to re-
          move tags from.

          It must be the ARN of an App Runner resource.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag keys that you want to remove.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove tags from an App Runner service

       The following untag-resource example removes two tags from an App  Run-
       ner service.

          aws apprunner untag-resource \
              --cli-input-json file://input.json

       Contents of input.json:

          {
              "ResourceArn": "arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:123456789012:service/python-app/8fe1e10304f84fd2b0df550fe98a71fa",
              "TagKeys": [
                  "Department",
                  "CustomerId"
              ]
          }

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
