DESCRIBE-EXECUTION()                                      DESCRIBE-EXECUTION()



NAME
       describe-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Checks  the  status  of a remote task running on one or more target de-
       vices.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-execution
          --managed-device-id <value>
          --task-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --managed-device-id (string)
          The ID of the managed device.

       --task-id (string)
          The ID of the task that the action is describing.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       executionId -> (string)
          The ID of the execution.

       lastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
          When the status of the execution was last updated.

       managedDeviceId -> (string)
          The ID of the managed device that the task is being executed on.

       startedAt -> (timestamp)
          When the execution began.

       state -> (string)
          The current state of the execution.

       taskId -> (string)
          The ID of the task being executed on the device.



                                                          DESCRIBE-EXECUTION()
