CREATE-RESOURCE-POLICY()                              CREATE-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       create-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new resource policy with the specified policy statements.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-resource-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the re-
          source policy is attached to.

       --policy (string)
          A resource policy to add to the  resource.  The  policy  is  a  JSON
          structure  that contains one or more statements that define the pol-
          icy. The policy must follow the IAM  syntax.  For  more  information
          about  the  contents  of a JSON policy document, see IAM JSON policy
          reference .

          If the policy isn't valid, Amazon Lex returns  a  validation  excep-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resourceArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the re-
          source policy was attached to.

       revisionId -> (string)
          The current revision of the resource policy. Use the revision ID  to
          make  sure  that  you are updating the most current version of a re-
          source policy when you add a policy statement to a resource,  delete
          a resource, or update a resource.



                                                      CREATE-RESOURCE-POLICY()
