DELETE-BOT()                                                      DELETE-BOT()



NAME
       delete-bot -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes all versions of a bot, including the Draft version. To delete a
       specific version, use the DeleteBotVersion operation.

       When you delete a bot, all of the resources contained in  the  bot  are
       also  deleted.  Deleting  a bot removes all locales, intents, slot, and
       slot types defined for the bot.

       If a bot has an alias, the DeleteBot operation returns a ResourceInUse-
       Exception  exception.  If you want to delete the bot and the alias, set
       the skipResourceInUseCheck parameter to true .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bot
          --bot-id <value>
          [--skip-resource-in-use-check | --no-skip-resource-in-use-check]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The identifier of the bot to delete.

       --skip-resource-in-use-check |  --no-skip-resource-in-use-check  (bool-
       ean)
          When  true  ,  Amazon  Lex doesn't check to see if another resource,
          such as an alias, is using the bot before it is deleted.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot that Amazon Lex is deleting.

       botStatus -> (string)
          The current status of the bot. The status is Deleting while the  bot
          and its associated resources are being deleted.



                                                                  DELETE-BOT()
