DELETE-UTTERANCES()                                        DELETE-UTTERANCES()



NAME
       delete-utterances -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes stored utterances.

       Amazon  Lex  stores  the utterances that users send to your bot. Utter-
       ances are stored for 15 days for use with the  ListAggregatedUtterances
       operation,  and then stored indefinitely for use in improving the abil-
       ity of your bot to respond to user input..

       Use the DeleteUtterances operation to manually delete utterances for  a
       specific  session.  When you use the DeleteUtterances operation, utter-
       ances stored for improving your bot's ability to respond to user  input
       are  deleted immediately. Utterances stored for use with the ListAggre-
       gatedUtterances operation are deleted after 15 days.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-utterances
          --bot-id <value>
          [--locale-id <value>]
          [--session-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot that contains the utterances.

       --locale-id (string)
          The identifier of the language and locale where the utterances  were
          collected.  The  string must match one of the supported locales. For
          more information, see Supported languages .

       --session-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the session with the user. The  ID  is  re-
          turned in the response from the RecognizeText and RecognizeUtterance
          operations.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-UTTERANCES()
