DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY-STATEMENT()          DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY-STATEMENT()



NAME
       delete-resource-policy-statement -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  policy  statement from a resource policy. If you delete the
       last statement from a policy, the policy is deleted. If you  specify  a
       statement  ID  that  doesn't  exist in the policy, or if the bot or bot
       alias doesn't have a policy attached, Amazon Lex returns an exception.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-policy-statement
          --resource-arn <value>
          --statement-id <value>
          [--expected-revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the  re-
          source policy is attached to.

       --statement-id (string)
          The name of the statement (SID) to delete from the policy.

       --expected-revision-id (string)
          The identifier of the revision of the policy to delete the statement
          from. If this revision ID doesn't match  the  current  revision  ID,
          Amazon Lex throws an exception.

          If you don't specify a revision, Amazon Lex removes the current con-
          tents of the statement.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the  re-
          source policy statement was removed from.

       revisionId -> (string)
          The  current revision of the resource policy. Use the revision ID to
          make sure that you are updating the most current version  of  a  re-
          source  policy when you add a policy statement to a resource, delete
          a resource, or update a resource.



                                            DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY-STATEMENT()
