DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()                              DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  an  existing  policy  from a bot or bot alias. If the resource
       doesn't have a policy attached, Amazon Lex returns an exception.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-resource-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--expected-revision-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that has  the
          resource policy attached.

       --expected-revision-id (string)
          The identifier of the revision to edit. If this ID doesn't match the
          current revision number, Amazon Lex returns an exception

          If you don't specify a revision ID, Amazon Lex will delete the  cur-
          rent policy.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the  re-
          source policy was deleted from.

       revisionId -> (string)
          The  current revision of the resource policy. Use the revision ID to
          make sure that you are updating the most current version  of  a  re-
          source  policy when you add a policy statement to a resource, delete
          a resource, or update a resource.



                                                      DELETE-RESOURCE-POLICY()
