DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()                                          DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-bot-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified bot alias.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bot-alias
          --bot-alias-id <value>
          --bot-id <value>
          [--skip-resource-in-use-check | --no-skip-resource-in-use-check]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-alias-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot alias to delete.

       --bot-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of  the  bot  associated  with the alias to
          delete.

       --skip-resource-in-use-check |  --no-skip-resource-in-use-check  (bool-
       ean)
          When  this parameter is true, Amazon Lex doesn't check to see if any
          other resource is using the alias before it is deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botAliasId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot alias to delete.

       botId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot that contains the alias to delete.

       botAliasStatus -> (string)
          The  current  status  of the alias. The status is Deleting while the
          alias is in the process of being deleted. Once the alias is deleted,
          it  will  no  longer  appear  in the list of aliases returned by the
          ListBotAliases operation.



                                                            DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()
