DELETE-IMPORT()                                                DELETE-IMPORT()



NAME
       delete-import -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a  previous  import  and  the  associated file stored in an S3
       bucket.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-import
          --import-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --import-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the import to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       importId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the deleted import.

       importStatus -> (string)
          The current status of the deletion. When the deletion  is  complete,
          the  import  will no longer be returned by the ListImports operation
          and calls to the DescribeImport operation with the import identifier
          will fail.



                                                               DELETE-IMPORT()
