DELETE-SLOT()                                                    DELETE-SLOT()



NAME
       delete-slot -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified slot from an intent.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-slot
          --slot-id <value>
          --bot-id <value>
          --bot-version <value>
          --locale-id <value>
          --intent-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --slot-id (string)
          The identifier of the slot to delete.

       --bot-id (string)
          The identifier of the bot associated with the slot to delete.

       --bot-version (string)
          The version of the bot associated with the slot to delete.

       --locale-id (string)
          The  identifier  of  the  language  and locale that the slot will be
          deleted from. The string must match one of  the  supported  locales.
          For more information, see Supported languages .

       --intent-id (string)
          The identifier of the intent associated with the slot.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-SLOT()
