DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()                          DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       describe-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the resource policy and policy revision for a bot or bot alias.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-resource-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the re-
          source policy is attached to.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       resourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bot or bot alias that the  re-
          source policy is attached to.

       policy -> (string)
          The  JSON  structure that contains the resource policy. For more in-
          formation about the contents of a JSON policy document, see IAM JSON
          policy reference .

       revisionId -> (string)
          The  current revision of the resource policy. Use the revision ID to
          make sure that you are updating the most current version  of  a  re-
          source  policy when you add a policy statement to a resource, delete
          a resource, or update a resource.



                                                    DESCRIBE-RESOURCE-POLICY()
