UPDATE-BOT()                                                      UPDATE-BOT()



NAME
       update-bot -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the configuration of an existing bot.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-bot
          --bot-id <value>
          --bot-name <value>
          [--description <value>]
          --role-arn <value>
          --data-privacy <value>
          --idle-session-ttl-in-seconds <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier of the bot to update. This identifier is re-
          turned by the CreateBot operation.

       --bot-name (string)
          The new name of the bot. The name must be unique in the account that
          creates the bot.

       --description (string)
          A description of the bot.

       --role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that has permissions
          to access the bot.

       --data-privacy (structure)
          Provides information on additional privacy  protections  Amazon  Lex
          should use with the bot's data.

          childDirected -> (boolean)
              For each Amazon Lex bot created with the Amazon Lex Model Build-
              ing Service, you must specify whether your use of Amazon Lex  is
              related  to a website, program, or other application that is di-
              rected or targeted, in whole or in part, to children  under  age
              13  and  subject to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
              (COPPA) by specifying true or false in the childDirected  field.
              By  specifying true in the childDirected field, you confirm that
              your use of Amazon Lex is related  to  a  website,  program,  or
              other  application  that is directed or targeted, in whole or in
              part, to children under age 13 and subject to COPPA. By specify-
              ing  false in the childDirected field, you confirm that your use
              of Amazon Lex is not related to a website, program, or other ap-
              plication  that is directed or targeted, in whole or in part, to
              children under age 13 and subject to COPPA. You may not  specify
              a  default value for the childDirected field that does not accu-
              rately reflect whether your use of Amazon Lex is  related  to  a
              website,  program, or other application that is directed or tar-
              geted, in whole or in part, to children under age 13 and subject
              to  COPPA.  If your use of Amazon Lex relates to a website, pro-
              gram, or other application that is directed in whole or in part,
              to  children  under age 13, you must obtain any required verifi-
              able parental consent under COPPA. For information regarding the
              use  of  Amazon  Lex  in  connection with websites, programs, or
              other applications that are directed or targeted, in whole or in
              part, to children under age 13, see the Amazon Lex FAQ .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          childDirected=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "childDirected": true|false
          }

       --idle-session-ttl-in-seconds (integer)
          The  time, in seconds, that Amazon Lex should keep information about
          a user's conversation with the bot.

          A user interaction remains active for the amount of time  specified.
          If  no conversation occurs during this time, the session expires and
          Amazon Lex deletes any data provided before the timeout.

          You can specify between 60 (1 minute) and 86,400 (24 hours) seconds.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the bot that was updated.

       botName -> (string)
          The name of the bot after the update.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the bot after the update.

       roleArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used by the bot after
          the update.

       dataPrivacy -> (structure)
          The data privacy settings for the bot after the update.

          childDirected -> (boolean)
              For each Amazon Lex bot created with the Amazon Lex Model Build-
              ing Service, you must specify whether your use of Amazon Lex  is
              related  to a website, program, or other application that is di-
              rected or targeted, in whole or in part, to children  under  age
              13  and  subject to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
              (COPPA) by specifying true or false in the childDirected  field.
              By  specifying true in the childDirected field, you confirm that
              your use of Amazon Lex is related  to  a  website,  program,  or
              other  application  that is directed or targeted, in whole or in
              part, to children under age 13 and subject to COPPA. By specify-
              ing  false in the childDirected field, you confirm that your use
              of Amazon Lex is not related to a website, program, or other ap-
              plication  that is directed or targeted, in whole or in part, to
              children under age 13 and subject to COPPA. You may not  specify
              a  default value for the childDirected field that does not accu-
              rately reflect whether your use of Amazon Lex is  related  to  a
              website,  program, or other application that is directed or tar-
              geted, in whole or in part, to children under age 13 and subject
              to  COPPA.  If your use of Amazon Lex relates to a website, pro-
              gram, or other application that is directed in whole or in part,
              to  children  under age 13, you must obtain any required verifi-
              able parental consent under COPPA. For information regarding the
              use  of  Amazon  Lex  in  connection with websites, programs, or
              other applications that are directed or targeted, in whole or in
              part, to children under age 13, see the Amazon Lex FAQ .

       idleSessionTTLInSeconds -> (integer)
          The session timeout, in seconds, for the bot after the update.

       botStatus -> (string)
          Shows  the current status of the bot. The bot is first in the Creat-
          ing status. Once the bot is read for use, it changes to  the  Avail-
          able status. After the bot is created, you can use the DRAFT version
          of the bot.

       creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp of the date and time that the bot was created.

       lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp of the date and time that the bot was last updated.



                                                                  UPDATE-BOT()
