DELETE-RECOMMENDATION-TEMPLATE()              DELETE-RECOMMENDATION-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-recommendation-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  recommendation  template. This is a destructive action that
       can't be undone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-recommendation-template
          [--client-token <value>]
          --recommendation-template-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          Used for an idempotency token. A client token is a unique, case-sen-
          sitive string of up to 64 ASCII characters. You should not reuse the
          same client token for other API requests.

       --recommendation-template-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a recommendation template.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       recommendationTemplateArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a recommendation template.

       status -> (string)
          The status of the action.



                                              DELETE-RECOMMENDATION-TEMPLATE()
