DELETE-APP-ASSESSMENT()                                DELETE-APP-ASSESSMENT()



NAME
       delete-app-assessment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  AWS  Resilience  Hub application assessment. This is a de-
       structive action that can't be undone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-app-assessment
          --assessment-arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  assessment.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :resiliencehub:region :account :app-as-
          sessment/app-id . For more information about ARNs,  see  Amazon  Re-
          source Names (ARNs) in the AWS General Reference .

       --client-token (string)
          Used for an idempotency token. A client token is a unique, case-sen-
          sitive string of up to 64 ASCII characters. You should not reuse the
          same client token for other API requests.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       assessmentArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  assessment.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :resiliencehub:region :account :app-as-
          sessment/app-id . For more information about ARNs,  see  Amazon  Re-
          source Names (ARNs) in the AWS General Reference .

       assessmentStatus -> (string)
          The current status of the assessment for the resiliency policy.



                                                       DELETE-APP-ASSESSMENT()
