DELETE-APP()                                                      DELETE-APP()



NAME
       delete-app -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an AWS Resilience Hub application. This is a destructive action
       that can't be undone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-app
          --app-arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --app-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id . For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       --client-token (string)
          Used for an idempotency token. A client token is a unique, case-sen-
          sitive string of up to 64 ASCII characters. You should not reuse the
          same client token for other API requests.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          A  boolean option to force the deletion of a Resilience Hub applica-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       appArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id . For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .



                                                                  DELETE-APP()
