DESCRIBE-RESILIENCY-POLICY()                      DESCRIBE-RESILIENCY-POLICY()



NAME
       describe-resiliency-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  a  specified resiliency policy for an AWS Resilience Hub ap-
       plication. The returned policy object includes creation time, data  lo-
       cation  constraints,  the  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for the policy,
       tags, tier, and more.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-resiliency-policy
          --policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resiliency policy. The  format
          for  this  ARN is: arn:partition :resiliencehub:region :account :re-
          siliency-policy/policy-id . For more  information  about  ARNs,  see
          Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the AWS General Reference .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       policy -> (structure)
          Information about the specific resiliency policy, returned as an ob-
          ject. This object includes creation time, data location constraints,
          its name, description, tags, the recovery time objective  (RTO)  and
          recovery point objective (RPO) in seconds, and more.

          creationTime -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp for when the resiliency policy was created.

          dataLocationConstraint -> (string)
              Specifies  a  high-level  geographical  location  constraint for
              where your resilience policy data can be stored.

          estimatedCostTier -> (string)
              Specifies the estimated cost tier of the resiliency policy.

          policy -> (map)
              The resiliency policy.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 Defines a failure policy.

                 rpoInSecs -> (integer)
                     The Recovery Point Objective (RPO), in seconds.

                 rtoInSecs -> (integer)
                     The Recovery Time Objective (RTO), in seconds.

          policyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  resiliency  policy.  The
              format for this ARN is: arn:partition :resiliencehub:region :ac-
              count :resiliency-policy/policy-id . For more information  about
              ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the AWS General Refer-
              ence .

          policyDescription -> (string)
              The description for the policy.

          policyName -> (string)
              The name of the policy

          tags -> (map)
              The tags assigned to the resource. A tag is a label that you as-
              sign  to an Amazon Web Services resource. Each tag consists of a
              key/value pair.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          tier -> (string)
              The tier for this resiliency policy, ranging  from  the  highest
              severity (MissionCritical ) to lowest (NonCritical ).



                                                  DESCRIBE-RESILIENCY-POLICY()
