DESCRIBE-APP-VERSION-RESOURCDESCRIBE-APP-VERSION-RESOURCES-RESOLUTION-STATUS()



NAME
       describe-app-version-resources-resolution-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  resolution status for the specified resolution identifier
       for an application version. If resolutionId is not specified, the  cur-
       rent resolution status is returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-app-version-resources-resolution-status
          --app-arn <value>
          --app-version <value>
          [--resolution-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --app-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the application. The format for
          this ARN is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id  .  For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       --app-version (string)
          The version of the application.

       --resolution-id (string)
          The identifier for a specific resolution.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       appArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id . For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       appVersion -> (string)
          The version of the application.

       errorMessage -> (string)
          The returned error message for the request.

       resolutionId -> (string)
          The identifier for a specific resolution.

       status -> (string)
          The status of the action.



                            DESCRIBE-APP-VERSION-RESOURCES-RESOLUTION-STATUS()
