PUT-DRAFT-APP-VERSION-TEMPLATE()              PUT-DRAFT-APP-VERSION-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       put-draft-app-version-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  updates  the app template for a draft version of a Resilience
       Hub app.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-draft-app-version-template
          --app-arn <value>
          --app-template-body <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --app-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.  The  format  for
          this  ARN  is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id . For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       --app-template-body (string)
          A JSON string that contains the body of the app template.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       appArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the application. The format for
          this ARN is: arn:partition :dcps:region :account :app/app-id  .  For
          more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       appVersion -> (string)
          The version of the application.



                                              PUT-DRAFT-APP-VERSION-TEMPLATE()
