DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIG-RULE()            DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIG-RULE()



NAME
       delete-organization-config-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified organization config rule and all of its evalua-
       tion results from all member accounts in that organization.

       Only a master account and a delegated administrator account can  delete
       an organization config rule. When calling this API with a delegated ad-
       ministrator, you must ensure  Organizations  ListDelegatedAdministrator
       permissions are added.

       Config  sets  the state of a rule to DELETE_IN_PROGRESS until the dele-
       tion is complete. You cannot update a rule while it is in this state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-organization-config-rule
          --organization-config-rule-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-config-rule-name (string)
          The name of organization config rule that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIG-RULE()
