DELETE-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()                DELETE-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()



NAME
       delete-configuration-recorder -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the configuration recorder.

       After the configuration recorder is deleted, Config will not record re-
       source configuration changes  until  you  create  a  new  configuration
       recorder.

       This action does not delete the configuration information that was pre-
       viously recorded. You will be able to access  the  previously  recorded
       information  by using the GetResourceConfigHistory action, but you will
       not be able to access this information in the Config console until  you
       create a new configuration recorder.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-configuration-recorder
          --configuration-recorder-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-recorder-name (string)
          The  name  of  the configuration recorder to be deleted. You can re-
          trieve the name of your configuration  recorder  by  using  the  De-
          scribeConfigurationRecorders action.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()
