DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFORMANCE-PACK()  DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFORMANCE-PACK()



NAME
       delete-organization-conformance-pack -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified organization conformance pack and all of the con-
       fig rules and remediation actions from all member accounts in that  or-
       ganization.

       Only  a  master account or a delegated administrator account can delete
       an organization conformance pack. When calling this API  with  a  dele-
       gated  administrator, you must ensure Organizations ListDelegatedAdmin-
       istrator permissions are added.

       Config sets the state of a conformance pack to DELETE_IN_PROGRESS until
       the deletion is complete. You cannot update a conformance pack while it
       is in this state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-organization-conformance-pack
          --organization-conformance-pack-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-conformance-pack-name (string)
          The name of organization conformance pack that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                        DELETE-ORGANIZATION-CONFORMANCE-PACK()
