DELETE-REMEDIATION-EXCEPTIONS()                DELETE-REMEDIATION-EXCEPTIONS()



NAME
       delete-remediation-exceptions -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  one  or  more remediation exceptions mentioned in the resource
       keys.

       NOTE:
          Config generates a remediation exception when a problem occurs  exe-
          cuting  a remediation action to a specific resource. Remediation ex-
          ceptions blocks auto-remediation until the exception is cleared.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-remediation-exceptions
          --config-rule-name <value>
          --resource-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --config-rule-name (string)
          The name of the Config rule for which you want to delete remediation
          exception configuration.

       --resource-keys (list)
          An  exception  list  of resource exception keys to be processed with
          the current request. Config adds exception for  each  resource  key.
          For example, Config adds 3 exceptions for 3 resource keys.

          (structure)
              The  details  that  identify a resource within Config, including
              the resource type and resource ID.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The type of a resource.

              ResourceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the resource (for example., sg-xxxxxx).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ResourceType=string,ResourceId=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "ResourceType": "string",
              "ResourceId": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FailedBatches -> (list)
          Returns  a  list  of  failed delete remediation exceptions batch ob-
          jects. Each object in the batch consists of a list of  failed  items
          and failure messages.

          (structure)
              List  of  each  of the failed delete remediation exceptions with
              specific reasons.

              FailureMessage -> (string)
                 Returns a failure message for delete  remediation  exception.
                 For  example,  Config creates an exception due to an internal
                 error.

              FailedItems -> (list)
                 Returns remediation exception  resource  key  object  of  the
                 failed items.

                 (structure)
                     The  details  that identify a resource within Config, in-
                     cluding the resource type and resource ID.

                     ResourceType -> (string)
                        The type of a resource.

                     ResourceId -> (string)
                        The ID of the resource (for example., sg-xxxxxx).



                                               DELETE-REMEDIATION-EXCEPTIONS()
