DELIVER-CONFIG-SNAPSHOT()                            DELIVER-CONFIG-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       deliver-config-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Schedules  delivery of a configuration snapshot to the Amazon S3 bucket
       in the specified delivery channel. After the delivery has started, Con-
       fig  sends  the  following notifications using an Amazon SNS topic that
       you have specified.

       o Notification of the start of the delivery.

       o Notification of the completion of the delivery, if the  delivery  was
         successfully completed.

       o Notification of delivery failure, if the delivery failed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deliver-config-snapshot
          --delivery-channel-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --delivery-channel-name (string)
          The  name  of the delivery channel through which the snapshot is de-
          livered.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deliver a configuration snapshot

       The  following  command delivers a configuration snapshot to the Amazon
       S3 bucket that belongs to the default delivery channel:

          aws configservice deliver-config-snapshot --delivery-channel-name default

       Output:

          {
              "configSnapshotId": "d0333b00-a683-44af-921e-examplefb794"
          }

OUTPUT
       configSnapshotId -> (string)
          The ID of the snapshot that is being created.



                                                     DELIVER-CONFIG-SNAPSHOT()
