PUT-RETENTION-CONFIGURATION()                    PUT-RETENTION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-retention-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  and updates the retention configuration with details about re-
       tention period (number of days) that Config stores your historical  in-
       formation.  The API creates the RetentionConfiguration object and names
       the object as default . When you have a  RetentionConfiguration  object
       named default , calling the API modifies the default object.

       NOTE:
          Currently,  Config supports only one retention configuration per re-
          gion in your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-retention-configuration
          --retention-period-in-days <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --retention-period-in-days (integer)
          Number of days Config stores your historical information.

          NOTE:
              Currently, only applicable to the configuration item history.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RetentionConfiguration -> (structure)
          Returns a retention configuration object.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the retention configuration object.

          RetentionPeriodInDays -> (integer)
              Number of days Config stores your historical information.

              NOTE:
                 Currently, only applicable to the configuration item history.



                                                 PUT-RETENTION-CONFIGURATION()
