PUT-RESOURCE-CONFIG()                                    PUT-RESOURCE-CONFIG()



NAME
       put-resource-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Records  the  configuration  state for the resource provided in the re-
       quest. The configuration state of a resource is represented  in  Config
       as  Configuration  Items. Once this API records the configuration item,
       you can retrieve the list of configuration items  for  the  custom  re-
       source type using existing Config APIs.

       NOTE:
          The  custom  resource  type  must be registered with CloudFormation.
          This API accepts the configuration item registered with  CloudForma-
          tion.

          When  you  call  this API, Config only stores configuration state of
          the resource provided in the request. This API does  not  change  or
          remediate the configuration of the resource.

          Write-only  schema  properites  are not recorded as part of the pub-
          lished configuration item.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-resource-config
          --resource-type <value>
          --schema-version-id <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          [--resource-name <value>]
          --configuration <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the resource. The custom resource type  must  be  regis-
          tered with CloudFormation.

          NOTE:
              You  cannot use the organization names amzn, amazon, alexa, cus-
              tom with custom resource types. It is the first part of the  Re-
              sourceType up to the first ::.

       --schema-version-id (string)
          Version of the schema registered for the ResourceType in CloudForma-
          tion.

       --resource-id (string)
          Unique identifier of the resource.

       --resource-name (string)
          Name of the resource.

       --configuration (string)
          The configuration object of the resource in valid  JSON  format.  It
          must match the schema registered with CloudFormation.

          NOTE:
              The configuration JSON must not exceed 64 KB.

       --tags (map)
          Tags associated with the resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         PUT-RESOURCE-CONFIG()
