START-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()                  START-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()



NAME
       start-configuration-recorder -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  recording  configurations  of the Amazon Web Services resources
       you have selected to record in your Amazon Web Services account.

       You must have created at least one  delivery  channel  to  successfully
       start the configuration recorder.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-configuration-recorder
          --configuration-recorder-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-recorder-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  recorder  object that records each configuration
          change made to the resources.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To start the configuration recorder

       The following command starts the default configuration recorder:

          aws configservice start-configuration-recorder --configuration-recorder-name default

       If the command succeeds, AWS Config returns no output. To  verify  that
       AWS Config is recording your resources, run the get-status command.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                START-CONFIGURATION-RECORDER()
