TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  tags  to  a resource with the specified re-
       sourceArn. If existing tags on a resource are not specified in the  re-
       quest parameters, they are not changed. When a resource is deleted, the
       tags associated with that resource are deleted as well.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  that  identifies  the  resource  for
          which  to list the tags. Currently, the supported resources are Con-
          figRule , ConfigurationAggregator and AggregatorAuthorization .

       --tags (list)
          An array of tag object.

          (structure)
              The tags for the resource. The metadata that you apply to a  re-
              source  to  help you categorize and organize them. Each tag con-
              sists of a key and an optional value, both of which you  define.
              Tag  keys can have a maximum character length of 128 characters,
              and tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key  is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a  tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
