LIST-JOBS()                                                        LIST-JOBS()



NAME
       list-jobs -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation returns the jobs associated with the requester. AWS Im-
       port/Export lists the jobs in reverse chronological order based on  the
       date  of  creation.  For example if Job Test1 was created 2009Dec30 and
       Test2 was created 2010Feb05, the ListJobs operation would return  Test2
       followed by Test1.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-jobs is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation  by  providing  the --no-paginate argument.  When using --output
       text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query  ar-
       gument  must  extract  data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Jobs

SYNOPSIS
            list-jobs
          [--api-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --api-version (string) Specifies the version of the client tool.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command lists the jobs you've created:

          aws importexport list-jobs

       The output for the list-jobs command looks like the following:

          JOBS    2015-05-27T18:58:21Z    False   EX1ID   Import

       You can only list jobs created by users under the AWS account  you  are
       currently using. Listing jobs returns useful information, like job IDs,
       which are necessary for other AWS Import/Export commands.

OUTPUT
       Jobs -> (list)
          A list container for Jobs returned by the ListJobs operation.

          (structure)
              Representation of a job returned by the ListJobs operation.

              JobId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier which refers to a particular job.

              CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                 Timestamp of the CreateJob request in  ISO8601  date  format.
                 For example "2010-03-28T20:27:35Z".

              IsCanceled -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the job was canceled.

              JobType -> (string)
                 Specifies  whether the job to initiate is an import or export
                 job.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the list of jobs was truncated. If true, then call
          ListJobs again using the last JobId element as the marker.



                                                                   LIST-JOBS()
