BATCH-DELETE-IMPORT-DATA()                          BATCH-DELETE-IMPORT-DATA()



NAME
       batch-delete-import-data -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  one  or more import tasks, each identified by their import ID.
       Each import task has a number of records that can identify  servers  or
       applications.

       Amazon Web Services Application Discovery Service has built-in matching
       logic that will identify when discovered servers match existing entries
       that  you've previously discovered, the information for the already-ex-
       isting discovered server is updated. When you  delete  an  import  task
       that contains records that were used to match, the information in those
       matched records that comes  from  the  deleted  records  will  also  be
       deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-delete-import-data
          --import-task-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --import-task-ids (list)
          The IDs for the import tasks that you want to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       errors -> (list)
          Error messages returned for each import task that you deleted  as  a
          response for this command.

          (structure)
              Error messages returned for each import task that you deleted as
              a response for this command.

              importTaskId -> (string)
                 The unique import ID associated with the error that occurred.

              errorCode -> (string)
                 The type of error that occurred for a specific import task.

              errorDescription -> (string)
                 The description of the error that occurred for a specific im-
                 port task.



                                                    BATCH-DELETE-IMPORT-DATA()
