DESCRIBE-CONTINUOUS-EXPORTS()                    DESCRIBE-CONTINUOUS-EXPORTS()



NAME
       describe-continuous-exports -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  exports  as  specified  by ID. All continuous exports associated
       with your user account can be listed if you call  DescribeContinuousEx-
       ports as is without passing any parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-continuous-exports  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: descriptions

SYNOPSIS
            describe-continuous-exports
          [--export-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --export-ids (list)
          The unique IDs assigned to the exports.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       descriptions -> (list)
          A list of continuous export descriptions.

          (structure)
              A list of continuous export descriptions.

              exportId -> (string)
                 The unique ID assigned to this export.

              status -> (string)
                 Describes the status of the export. Can be one of the follow-
                 ing values:

                 o START_IN_PROGRESS - setting up resources to start  continu-
                   ous export.

                 o START_FAILED  - an error occurred setting up continuous ex-
                   port. To recover, call start-continuous-export again.

                 o ACTIVE - data is being exported to the customer bucket.

                 o ERROR - an error occurred during export. To fix the  issue,
                   call stop-continuous-export and start-continuous-export.

                 o STOP_IN_PROGRESS - stopping the export.

                 o STOP_FAILED - an error occurred stopping the export. To re-
                   cover, call stop-continuous-export again.

                 o INACTIVE - the continuous export has been stopped. Data  is
                   no longer being exported to the customer bucket.

              statusDetail -> (string)
                 Contains  information  about  any  errors that have occurred.
                 This data type can have the following values:

                 o ACCESS_DENIED - You dont have permission to start Data  Ex-
                   ploration  in Amazon Athena. Contact your AWS administrator
                   for help. For more information, see Setting Up AWS Applica-
                   tion Discovery Service in the Application Discovery Service
                   User Guide.

                 o DELIVERY_STREAM_LIMIT_FAILURE - You reached the  limit  for
                   Amazon  Kinesis  Data Firehose delivery streams. Reduce the
                   number of streams or  request  a  limit  increase  and  try
                   again.  For more information, see Kinesis Data Streams Lim-
                   its in the Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Developer Guide.

                 o FIREHOSE_ROLE_MISSING - The Data Exploration feature is  in
                   an  error state because your IAM User is missing the AWSAp-
                   plicationDiscoveryServiceFirehose role. Turn on Data Explo-
                   ration  in  Amazon  Athena and try again. For more informa-
                   tion, see Step 3: Provide Application Discovery Service Ac-
                   cess  to  Non-Administrator  Users by Attaching Policies in
                   the Application Discovery Service User Guide.

                 o FIREHOSE_STREAM_DOES_NOT_EXIST - The Data Exploration  fea-
                   ture  is in an error state because your IAM User is missing
                   one or more of the Kinesis data delivery streams.

                 o INTERNAL_FAILURE - The Data Exploration feature  is  in  an
                   error  state  because  of  an  internal  failure. Try again
                   later. If this problem persists, contact AWS Support.

                 o S3_BUCKET_LIMIT_FAILURE - You reached the limit for  Amazon
                   S3  buckets.  Reduce the number of Amazon S3 buckets or re-
                   quest a limit increase and try again. For more information,
                   see  Bucket Restrictions and Limitations in the Amazon Sim-
                   ple Storage Service Developer Guide.

                 o S3_NOT_SIGNED_UP - Your account is not signed  up  for  the
                   Amazon S3 service. You must sign up before you can use Ama-
                   zon  S3.  You  can  sign   up   at   the   following   URL:
                   https://aws.amazon.com/s3 .

              s3Bucket -> (string)
                 The name of the s3 bucket where the export data parquet files
                 are stored.

              startTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp representing when  the  continuous  export  was
                 started.

              stopTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp that represents when this continuous export was
                 stopped.

              dataSource -> (string)
                 The type of data collector used to  gather  this  data  (cur-
                 rently only offered for AGENT).

              schemaStorageConfig -> (map)
                 An object which describes how the data is stored.

                 o databaseName  - the name of the Glue database used to store
                   the schema.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token from the previous call to DescribeExportTasks .



                                                 DESCRIBE-CONTINUOUS-EXPORTS()
