START-CONTINUOUS-EXPORT()                            START-CONTINUOUS-EXPORT()



NAME
       start-continuous-export -

DESCRIPTION
       Start  the  continuous  flow  of  agent's  discovered  data into Amazon
       Athena.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-continuous-export
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       exportId -> (string)
          The unique ID assigned to this export.

       s3Bucket -> (string)
          The name of the s3 bucket where the export data  parquet  files  are
          stored.

       startTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp representing when the continuous export was started.

       dataSource -> (string)
          The  type of data collector used to gather this data (currently only
          offered for AGENT).

       schemaStorageConfig -> (map)
          A dictionary which describes how the data is stored.

          o databaseName - the name of the Glue database  used  to  store  the
            schema.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                     START-CONTINUOUS-EXPORT()
