STOP-DATA-COLLECTION-BY-AGENT-IDS()        STOP-DATA-COLLECTION-BY-AGENT-IDS()



NAME
       stop-data-collection-by-agent-ids -

DESCRIPTION
       Instructs the specified agents or connectors to stop collecting data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-data-collection-by-agent-ids
          --agent-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --agent-ids (list)
          The  IDs  of  the agents or connectors from which to stop collecting
          data.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       agentsConfigurationStatus -> (list)
          Information about the agents or connector that  were  instructed  to
          stop collecting data. Information includes the agent/connector ID, a
          description of the operation performed, and whether  the  agent/con-
          nector configuration was updated.

          (structure)
              Information  about  agents or connectors that were instructed to
              start collecting data. Information includes the  agent/connector
              ID,  a  description of the operation, and whether the agent/con-
              nector configuration was updated.

              agentId -> (string)
                 The agent/connector ID.

              operationSucceeded -> (boolean)
                 Information about the status of the  StartDataCollection  and
                 StopDataCollection  operations.  The  system has recorded the
                 data collection operation. The agent/connector receives  this
                 command the next time it polls for a new command.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the operation performed.



                                           STOP-DATA-COLLECTION-BY-AGENT-IDS()
