DELETE-IDENTITY-POOL()                                  DELETE-IDENTITY-POOL()



NAME
       delete-identity-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  identity  pool.  Once a pool is deleted, users will not be
       able to authenticate with the pool.

       You must use AWS Developer credentials to call this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-identity-pool
          --identity-pool-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-pool-id (string)
          An identity pool ID in the format REGION:GUID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete identity pool

       The following delete-identity-pool example deletes the specified  iden-
       tity pool.

       Command:

          aws cognito-identity delete-identity-pool \
              --identity-pool-id "us-west-2:11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-IDENTITY-POOL()
