DESCRIBE-IDENTITY()                                        DESCRIBE-IDENTITY()



NAME
       describe-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  metadata  related  to  the  given identity, including when the
       identity was created and any associated linked logins.

       You must use AWS Developer credentials to call this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-identity
          --identity-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-id (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IdentityId -> (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID.

       Logins -> (list)
          The provider names.

          (string)

       CreationDate -> (timestamp)
          Date on which the identity was created.

       LastModifiedDate -> (timestamp)
          Date on which the identity was last modified.



                                                           DESCRIBE-IDENTITY()
