GET-OPEN-ID-TOKEN()                                        GET-OPEN-ID-TOKEN()



NAME
       get-open-id-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  an  OpenID token, using a known Cognito ID. This known Cognito ID
       is returned by  GetId . You can optionally add  additional  logins  for
       the identity. Supplying multiple logins creates an implicit link.

       The OpenID token is valid for 10 minutes.

       This is a public API. You do not need any credentials to call this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-open-id-token
          --identity-id <value>
          [--logins <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-id (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID.

       --logins (map)
          A  set  of  optional  name-value  pairs  that  map provider names to
          provider tokens. When using graph.facebook.com  and  www.amazon.com,
          supply  the  access_token returned from the provider's authflow. For
          accounts.google.com, an Amazon Cognito user pool  provider,  or  any
          other OpenID Connect provider, always include the id_token .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IdentityId -> (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID. Note that the Identi-
          tyId returned may not match the one passed on input.

       Token -> (string)
          An OpenID token, valid for 10 minutes.



                                                           GET-OPEN-ID-TOKEN()
