TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns  a set of tags to the specified Amazon Cognito identity pool. A
       tag is a label that you can use to categorize and manage identity pools
       in  different  ways,  such  as by purpose, owner, environment, or other
       criteria.

       Each tag consists of a key and value, both of which you define.  A  key
       is  a  general  category  for more specific values. For example, if you
       have two versions of an identity pool, one for testing and another  for
       production,  you  might  assign an Environment tag key to both identity
       pools. The value of this key might be Test for one  identity  pool  and
       Production for the other.

       Tags  are useful for cost tracking and access control. You can activate
       your tags so that they appear on the Billing and Cost  Management  con-
       sole,  where  you  can  track  the  costs associated with your identity
       pools. In an IAM policy, you can  constrain  permissions  for  identity
       pools based on specific tags or tag values.

       You can use this action up to 5 times per second, per account. An iden-
       tity pool can have as many as 50 tags.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the identity pool.

       --tags (map)
          The tags to assign to the identity pool.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
