UNLINK-DEVELOPER-IDENTITY()                        UNLINK-DEVELOPER-IDENTITY()



NAME
       unlink-developer-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Unlinks  a  DeveloperUserIdentifier from an existing identity. Unlinked
       developer users will be considered new identities next  time  they  are
       seen.  If, for a given Cognito identity, you remove all federated iden-
       tities as well as the developer user identifier, the  Cognito  identity
       becomes inaccessible.

       You must use AWS Developer credentials to call this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unlink-developer-identity
          --identity-id <value>
          --identity-pool-id <value>
          --developer-provider-name <value>
          --developer-user-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-id (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID.

       --identity-pool-id (string)
          An identity pool ID in the format REGION:GUID.

       --developer-provider-name (string)
          The "domain" by which Cognito will refer to your users.

       --developer-user-identifier (string)
          A  unique ID used by your backend authentication process to identify
          a user.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UNLINK-DEVELOPER-IDENTITY()
