UNLINK-IDENTITY()                                            UNLINK-IDENTITY()



NAME
       unlink-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Unlinks  a federated identity from an existing account. Unlinked logins
       will be considered new identities next time they are seen. Removing the
       last linked login will make this identity inaccessible.

       This is a public API. You do not need any credentials to call this API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unlink-identity
          --identity-id <value>
          --logins <value>
          --logins-to-remove <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-id (string)
          A unique identifier in the format REGION:GUID.

       --logins (map)
          A  set  of  optional  name-value  pairs  that  map provider names to
          provider tokens.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --logins-to-remove (list)
          Provider names to unlink from this identity.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             UNLINK-IDENTITY()
