ABORT-VAULT-LOCK()                                          ABORT-VAULT-LOCK()



NAME
       abort-vault-lock -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  aborts  the vault locking process if the vault lock is
       not in the Locked state. If the vault lock is in the Locked state  when
       this  operation  is requested, the operation returns an AccessDeniedEx-
       ception error. Aborting the vault locking  process  removes  the  vault
       lock policy from the specified vault.

       A  vault  lock  is  put into the InProgress state by calling  Initiate-
       VaultLock . A vault lock is put into the Locked state by calling   Com-
       pleteVaultLock . You can get the state of a vault lock by calling  Get-
       VaultLock . For more information about the vault locking  process,  see
       Amazon Glacier Vault Lock . For more information about vault lock poli-
       cies, see Amazon Glacier Access Control with Vault Lock Policies .

       This operation is idempotent. You can successfully invoke  this  opera-
       tion multiple times, if the vault lock is in the InProgress state or if
       there is no policy associated with the vault.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            abort-vault-lock
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID. This value must match the
          AWS  account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the re-
          quest. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a sin-
          gle '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon Glacier uses the AWS account
          ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request. If  you
          specify your account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To abort an in-progress vault lock process

       The following abort-vault-lock example deletes a vault lock policy from
       the specified vault and resets the lock state of the vault lock to  un-
       locked.

          aws glacier abort-vault-lock \
              --account-id - \
              --vault-name MyVaultName

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Abort Vault Lock (DELETE lock-policy) in the
       Amazon Glacier API Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            ABORT-VAULT-LOCK()
