ADD-TAGS-TO-VAULT()                                        ADD-TAGS-TO-VAULT()



NAME
       add-tags-to-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation adds the specified tags to a vault. Each tag is composed
       of a key and a value. Each vault can have up to 10 tags.  If  your  re-
       quest would cause the tag limit for the vault to be exceeded, the oper-
       ation throws the LimitExceededException error. If a tag already  exists
       on  the  vault  under  a  specified key, the existing key value will be
       overwritten. For more information about tags,  see  Tagging  Amazon  S3
       Glacier Resources .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags-to-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --tags (map)
          The tags to add to the vault. Each tag is composed of a  key  and  a
          value. The value can be an empty string.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command adds two tags to a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier add-tags-to-vault --account-id - --vault-name my-vault --tags id=1234,date=july2015

       Amazon  Glacier  requires an account ID argument when performing opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ADD-TAGS-TO-VAULT()
