COMPLETE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()                        COMPLETE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()



NAME
       complete-multipart-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       You  call this operation to inform Amazon S3 Glacier (Glacier) that all
       the archive parts have been uploaded and that Glacier can now  assemble
       the  archive  from  the uploaded parts. After assembling and saving the
       archive to the vault, Glacier returns the URI path of the newly created
       archive  resource. Using the URI path, you can then access the archive.
       After you upload an archive, you should save the archive ID returned to
       retrieve  the  archive at a later point. You can also get the vault in-
       ventory to obtain a list of archive IDs in a vault. For  more  informa-
       tion, see  InitiateJob .

       In  the  request, you must include the computed SHA256 tree hash of the
       entire archive you have uploaded. For  information  about  computing  a
       SHA256 tree hash, see Computing Checksums . On the server side, Glacier
       also constructs the SHA256 tree hash of the assembled archive.  If  the
       values match, Glacier saves the archive to the vault; otherwise, it re-
       turns an error, and the operation fails. The  ListParts  operation  re-
       turns  a list of parts uploaded for a specific multipart upload. It in-
       cludes checksum information for each uploaded part that can be used  to
       debug a bad checksum issue.

       Additionally,  Glacier  also checks for any missing content ranges when
       assembling the archive, if missing content ranges  are  found,  Glacier
       returns an error and the operation fails.

       Complete  Multipart Upload is an idempotent operation. After your first
       successful complete multipart upload, if you call the  operation  again
       within  a  short period, the operation will succeed and return the same
       archive ID. This is useful in the event you experience a network  issue
       that  causes  an  aborted  connection or receive a 500 server error, in
       which case you can repeat your Complete Multipart  Upload  request  and
       get the same archive ID without creating duplicate archives. Note, how-
       ever, that after the multipart upload completes, you  cannot  call  the
       List  Parts  operation and the multipart upload will not appear in List
       Multipart Uploads response, even if idempotent complete is possible.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying REST API, see Uploading Large
       Archives  in  Parts (Multipart Upload) and Complete Multipart Upload in
       the Amazon Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            complete-multipart-upload
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          --upload-id <value>
          [--archive-size <value>]
          [--checksum <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --upload-id (string)
          The upload ID of the multipart upload.

       --archive-size (string)
          The  total  size, in bytes, of the entire archive. This value should
          be the sum of all the sizes of the individual  parts  that  you  up-
          loaded.

       --checksum (string)
          The  SHA256  tree hash of the entire archive. It is the tree hash of
          SHA256 tree hash of the individual parts. If the value  you  specify
          in  the request does not match the SHA256 tree hash of the final as-
          sembled archive as computed by Amazon S3 Glacier (Glacier),  Glacier
          returns an error and the request fails.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The following command completes multipart upload for a 3 MiB archive:

          aws glacier complete-multipart-upload --archive-size 3145728 --checksum 9628195fcdbcbbe76cdde456d4646fa7de5f219fb39823836d81f0cc0e18aa67 --upload-id 19gaRezEXAMPLES6Ry5YYdqthHOC_kGRCT03L9yetr220UmPtBYKk-OssZtLqyFu7sY1_lR7vgFuJV6NtcV5zpsJ --account-id - --vault-name my-vault

       Amazon  Glacier  requires an account ID argument when performing opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

       The upload ID is returned by the aws glacier  initiate-multipart-upload
       command  and  can  also  be  obtained  by using aws glacier list-multi-
       part-uploads. The checksum parameter takes a SHA-256 tree hash  of  the
       archive in hexadecimal.

       For  more  information on multipart uploads to Amazon Glacier using the
       AWS CLI, including instructions on calculating a tree hash,  see  Using
       Amazon Glacier in the AWS CLI User Guide.

OUTPUT
       location -> (string)
          The relative URI path of the newly added archive resource.

       checksum -> (string)
          The checksum of the archive computed by Amazon S3 Glacier.

       archiveId -> (string)
          The  ID  of  the archive. This value is also included as part of the
          location.



                                                   COMPLETE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()
