CREATE-VAULT()                                                  CREATE-VAULT()



NAME
       create-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation creates a new vault with the specified name. The name of
       the vault must be unique within a region for an AWS  account.  You  can
       create  up  to  1,000  vaults  per  account. If you need to create more
       vaults, contact Amazon S3 Glacier.

       You must use the following guidelines when naming a vault.

       o Names can be between 1 and 255 characters long.

       o Allowed characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, '_' (underscore), '-' (hyphen),
         and '.' (period).

       This operation is idempotent.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have  any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form specific actions. For more information, see Access  Control  Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For  conceptual  information  and  underlying  REST API, see Creating a
       Vault in Amazon Glacier and Create Vault in the Amazon  Glacier  Devel-
       oper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID. This value must match the
          AWS account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the  re-
          quest. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a sin-
          gle '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS  ac-
          count  ID  associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you specify your account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-')  in
          the ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command creates a new vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier create-vault --vault-name my-vault --account-id -

       Amazon Glacier requires an account ID argument when  performing  opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       location -> (string)
          The URI of the vault that was created.



                                                                CREATE-VAULT()
