DELETE-VAULT()                                                  DELETE-VAULT()



NAME
       delete-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  deletes a vault. Amazon S3 Glacier will delete a vault
       only if there are no archives in the vault as of the last inventory and
       there have been no writes to the vault since the last inventory. If ei-
       ther of these conditions is not satisfied,  the  vault  deletion  fails
       (that  is,  the  vault is not removed) and Amazon S3 Glacier returns an
       error. You can use  DescribeVault to return the number of archives in a
       vault, and you can use Initiate a Job (POST jobs) to initiate a new in-
       ventory retrieval for a vault. The inventory contains the  archive  IDs
       you use to delete archives using Delete Archive (DELETE archive) .

       This operation is idempotent.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have  any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form specific actions. For more information, see Access  Control  Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For  conceptual  information  and  underlying  REST API, see Deleting a
       Vault in Amazon Glacier and Delete Vault in the Amazon S3  Glacier  De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command deletes a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier delete-vault --vault-name my-vault --account-id -

       This  command  does  not produce any output. Amazon Glacier requires an
       account ID argument when performing operations, but you can use  a  hy-
       phen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-VAULT()
