DELETE-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()                      DELETE-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-vault-access-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation deletes the access policy associated with the specified
       vault. The operation is eventually consistent; that is, it  might  take
       some time for Amazon S3 Glacier to completely remove the access policy,
       and you might still see the effect of the policy for a short time after
       you send the delete request.

       This  operation  is  idempotent.  You can invoke delete multiple times,
       even if there is no policy associated with the vault. For more informa-
       tion  about  vault  access  policies, see Amazon Glacier Access Control
       with Vault Access Policies .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vault-access-policy
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove the access policy of a vault

       The  following  delete-vault-access-policy  example  removes the access
       policy for the specified vault.

          aws glacier delete-vault-access-policy \
              --account-id 111122223333 \
              --vault-name example_vault

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()
