DELETE-ARCHIVE()                                              DELETE-ARCHIVE()



NAME
       delete-archive -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation deletes an archive from a vault. Subsequent requests to
       initiate a retrieval of this archive will fail. Archive retrievals that
       are in progress for this archive ID may or may not succeed according to
       the following scenarios:

       o If the archive retrieval job is actively preparing the data for down-
         load  when Amazon S3 Glacier receives the delete archive request, the
         archival retrieval operation might fail.

       o If the archive retrieval job has successfully  prepared  the  archive
         for  download  when Amazon S3 Glacier receives the delete archive re-
         quest, you will be able to download the output.

       This operation is idempotent. Attempting to delete  an  already-deleted
       archive does not result in an error.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have  any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form specific actions. For more information, see Access  Control  Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying REST API, see Deleting an Ar-
       chive in Amazon Glacier and Delete Archive in the Amazon Glacier Devel-
       oper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-archive
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          --archive-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --archive-id (string)
          The ID of the archive to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an archive from a vault

       The following delete-archive example removes the specified archive from
       example_vault.

          aws glacier delete-archive \
              --account-id 111122223333  \
              --vault-name example_vault \
              --archive-id Sc0u9ZP8yaWkmh-XGlIvAVprtLhaLCGnNwNl5I5x9HqPIkX5mjc0DrId3Ln-Gi_k2HzmlIDZUz117KSdVMdMXLuFWi9PJUitxWO73edQ43eTlMWkH0pd9zVSAuV_XXZBVhKhyGhJ7w

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-ARCHIVE()
