DELETE-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()                      DELETE-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()



NAME
       delete-vault-notifications -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation deletes the notification configuration set for a vault.
       The operation is eventually consistent; that is,  it  might  take  some
       time  for Amazon S3 Glacier to completely disable the notifications and
       you might still receive some notifications for a short time  after  you
       send the delete request.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have  any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form specific actions. For more information, see Access  Control  Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For  conceptual  information  and  underlying REST API, see Configuring
       Vault Notifications in Amazon S3 Glacier and Delete Vault  Notification
       Configuration in the Amazon S3 Glacier Developer Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-vault-notifications
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove the SNS notifications for a vault

       The following delete-vault-notifications example removes  notifications
       sent  by Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) for the speci-
       fied vault.

          aws glacier delete-vault-notifications \
              --account-id 111122223333 \
              --vault-name example_vault

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()
