DESCRIBE-VAULT()                                              DESCRIBE-VAULT()



NAME
       describe-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation returns information about a vault, including the vault's
       Amazon Resource Name (ARN), the date the vault was created, the  number
       of  archives it contains, and the total size of all the archives in the
       vault. The number of archives and their total size are as of  the  last
       inventory  generation.  This means that if you add or remove an archive
       from a vault, and then immediately use Describe Vault,  the  change  in
       contents will not be immediately reflected. If you want to retrieve the
       latest inventory of the vault, use  InitiateJob  .  Amazon  S3  Glacier
       generates  vault inventories approximately daily. For more information,
       see Downloading a Vault Inventory in Amazon S3 Glacier .

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and  underlying  REST  API,  see  Retrieving
       Vault  Metadata  in  Amazon S3 Glacier and Describe Vault in the Amazon
       Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command retrieves data about a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier describe-vault --vault-name my-vault --account-id -

       Amazon  Glacier  requires an account ID argument when performing opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       VaultARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vault.

       VaultName -> (string)
          The name of the vault.

       CreationDate -> (string)
          The Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) date when the  vault  was  cre-
          ated. This value should be a string in the ISO 8601 date format, for
          example 2012-03-20T17:03:43.221Z .

       LastInventoryDate -> (string)
          The Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) date  when  Amazon  S3  Glacier
          completed the last vault inventory. This value should be a string in
          the ISO 8601 date format, for example 2012-03-20T17:03:43.221Z .

       NumberOfArchives -> (long)
          The number of archives in the vault as of the last  inventory  date.
          This  field  will return null if an inventory has not yet run on the
          vault, for example if you just created the vault.

       SizeInBytes -> (long)
          Total size, in bytes, of the archives in the vault as  of  the  last
          inventory  date. This field will return null if an inventory has not
          yet run on the vault, for example if you just created the vault.



                                                              DESCRIBE-VAULT()
