GET-DATA-RETRIEVAL-POLICY()                        GET-DATA-RETRIEVAL-POLICY()



NAME
       get-data-retrieval-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  returns  the current data retrieval policy for the ac-
       count and region specified in the GET  request.  For  more  information
       about  data retrieval policies, see Amazon Glacier Data Retrieval Poli-
       cies .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-data-retrieval-policy
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID. This value must match the
          AWS  account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the re-
          quest. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a sin-
          gle '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon Glacier uses the AWS account
          ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request. If  you
          specify your account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the ID.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The following command gets the data retrieval policy for the in-use ac-
       count:

          aws glacier get-data-retrieval-policy --account-id -

       Output:

          {
              "Policy": {
                  "Rules": [
                      {
                          "BytesPerHour": 10737418240,
                          "Strategy": "BytesPerHour"
                      }
                  ]
              }
          }

       Amazon Glacier requires an account ID argument when  performing  opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       Policy -> (structure)
          Contains the returned data retrieval policy in JSON format.

          Rules -> (list)
              The  policy  rule. Although this is a list type, currently there
              must be only one rule, which contains a Strategy field  and  op-
              tionally a BytesPerHour field.

              (structure)
                 Data retrieval policy rule.

                 Strategy -> (string)
                     The type of data retrieval policy to set.

                     Valid values: BytesPerHour|FreeTier|None

                 BytesPerHour -> (long)
                     The  maximum  number of bytes that can be retrieved in an
                     hour.

                     This field is required only if the value of the  Strategy
                     field  is  BytesPerHour  . Your PUT operation will be re-
                     jected if the Strategy field is not set  to  BytesPerHour
                     and you set this field.



                                                   GET-DATA-RETRIEVAL-POLICY()
