GET-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()                            GET-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()



NAME
       get-vault-notifications -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation retrieves the notification-configuration subresource of
       the specified vault.

       For information about setting a notification configuration on a  vault,
       see   SetVaultNotifications  .  If  a  notification configuration for a
       vault is not set, the operation returns a 404 Not Found error. For more
       information  about vault notifications, see Configuring Vault Notifica-
       tions in Amazon S3 Glacier .

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying  REST  API,  see  Configuring
       Vault  Notifications  in  Amazon  S3 Glacier and Get Vault Notification
       Configuration in the Amazon Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-vault-notifications
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command gets a description of the notification configura-
       tion for a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier get-vault-notifications --account-id - --vault-name my-vault

       Output:

          {
              "vaultNotificationConfig": {
                  "Events": [
                      "InventoryRetrievalCompleted",
                      "ArchiveRetrievalCompleted"
                  ],
                  "SNSTopic": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:0123456789012:my-vault"
              }
          }

       If no notifications have been configured for the vault, an error is re-
       turned.  Amazon Glacier requires an account ID argument when performing
       operations, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       vaultNotificationConfig -> (structure)
          Returns the notification configuration set on the vault.

          SNSTopic -> (string)
              The Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic Amazon
              Resource Name (ARN).

          Events -> (list)
              A  list  of  one or more events for which Amazon S3 Glacier will
              send a notification to the specified Amazon SNS topic.

              (string)



                                                     GET-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()
