INITIATE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()                        INITIATE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()



NAME
       initiate-multipart-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation initiates a multipart upload. Amazon S3 Glacier creates
       a multipart upload resource and returns its ID  in  the  response.  The
       multipart  upload  ID is used in subsequent requests to upload parts of
       an archive (see  UploadMultipartPart ).

       When you initiate a multipart upload, you specify the part size in num-
       ber  of bytes. The part size must be a megabyte (1024 KB) multiplied by
       a power of 2-for example, 1048576 (1 MB), 2097152 (2  MB),  4194304  (4
       MB),  8388608  (8  MB), and so on. The minimum allowable part size is 1
       MB, and the maximum is 4 GB.

       Every part you upload to this resource (see  UploadMultipartPart ), ex-
       cept  the  last  one,  must have the same size. The last one can be the
       same size or smaller. For example, suppose you want to upload a 16.2 MB
       file.  If  you  initiate the multipart upload with a part size of 4 MB,
       you will upload four parts of 4 MB each and one part of 0.2 MB.

       NOTE:
          You don't need to know the size of the archive when you start a mul-
          tipart  upload  because  Amazon  S3  Glacier does not require you to
          specify the overall archive size.

       After you complete the multipart upload, Amazon  S3  Glacier  (Glacier)
       removes  the  multipart  upload  resource referenced by the ID. Glacier
       also removes the multipart upload resource if you cancel the  multipart
       upload  or it may be removed if there is no activity for a period of 24
       hours.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying REST API, see Uploading Large
       Archives  in  Parts (Multipart Upload) and Initiate Multipart Upload in
       the Amazon Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            initiate-multipart-upload
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--archive-description <value>]
          [--part-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --archive-description (string)
          The archive description that you are uploading in parts.

          The  part size must be a megabyte (1024 KB) multiplied by a power of
          2, for example 1048576 (1 MB),  2097152  (2  MB),  4194304  (4  MB),
          8388608  (8 MB), and so on. The minimum allowable part size is 1 MB,
          and the maximum is 4 GB (4096 MB).

       --part-size (string)
          The size of each part except the last, in bytes. The last  part  can
          be smaller than this part size.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  initiates  a multipart upload to a vault named
       my-vault with a part size of 1 MiB (1024 x 1024 bytes) per file:

          aws glacier initiate-multipart-upload --account-id - --part-size 1048576 --vault-name my-vault --archive-description "multipart upload test"

       The archive description parameter is optional. Amazon Glacier  requires
       an  account  ID  argument when performing operations, but you can use a
       hyphen to specify the in-use account.

       This command outputs an upload ID when successful. Use  the  upload  ID
       when uploading each part of your archive with aws glacier upload-multi-
       part-part. For more information on multipart uploads to Amazon  Glacier
       using the AWS CLI, see Using Amazon Glacier in the AWS CLI User Guide.

OUTPUT
       location -> (string)
          The  relative  URI path of the multipart upload ID Amazon S3 Glacier
          created.

       uploadId -> (string)
          The ID of the multipart upload. This value is also included as  part
          of the location.



                                                   INITIATE-MULTIPART-UPLOAD()
