LIST-MULTIPART-UPLOADS()                              LIST-MULTIPART-UPLOADS()



NAME
       list-multipart-uploads -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  lists  in-progress multipart uploads for the specified
       vault. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload  that  has
       been  initiated by an  InitiateMultipartUpload request, but has not yet
       been completed or aborted. The list returned in the List Multipart  Up-
       load response has no guaranteed order.

       The  List  Multipart Uploads operation supports pagination. By default,
       this operation returns up to 50 multipart uploads in the response.  You
       should  always check the response for a marker at which to continue the
       list; if there are no more items the marker is null . To return a  list
       of  multipart  uploads that begins at a specific upload, set the marker
       request parameter to the value you obtained from a previous List Multi-
       part  Upload request. You can also limit the number of uploads returned
       in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request.

       Note the difference between this operation and listing  parts  (  List-
       Parts  ).  The List Multipart Uploads operation lists all multipart up-
       loads for a vault and does not require a multipart upload ID. The  List
       Parts  operation requires a multipart upload ID since parts are associ-
       ated with a single upload.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and the underlying  REST  API,  see  Working
       with  Archives  in  Amazon S3 Glacier and List Multipart Uploads in the
       Amazon Glacier Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-multipart-uploads is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: UploadsList

SYNOPSIS
            list-multipart-uploads
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (string)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (string)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  shows all of the in-progress multipart uploads
       for a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier list-multipart-uploads --account-id - --vault-name my-vault

       Amazon Glacier requires an account ID argument when  performing  opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

       For  more  information on multipart uploads to Amazon Glacier using the
       AWS CLI, see Using Amazon Glacier in the AWS CLI User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UploadsList -> (list)
          A list of in-progress multipart uploads.

          (structure)
              A list of in-progress multipart uploads for a vault.

              MultipartUploadId -> (string)
                 The ID of a multipart upload.

              VaultARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vault that contains the
                 archive.

              ArchiveDescription -> (string)
                 The description of the archive that was specified in the Ini-
                 tiate Multipart Upload request.

              PartSizeInBytes -> (long)
                 The part size, in bytes, specified in the Initiate  Multipart
                 Upload  request. This is the size of all the parts in the up-
                 load except the last part, which may  be  smaller  than  this
                 size.

              CreationDate -> (string)
                 The UTC time at which the multipart upload was initiated.

       Marker -> (string)
          An opaque string that represents where to continue pagination of the
          results. You use the marker in a new List Multipart Uploads  request
          to  obtain  more  uploads in the list. If there are no more uploads,
          this value is null .



                                                      LIST-MULTIPART-UPLOADS()
