LIST-TAGS-FOR-VAULT()                                    LIST-TAGS-FOR-VAULT()



NAME
       list-tags-for-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  lists  all the tags attached to a vault. The operation
       returns an empty map if there are no tags. For more  information  about
       tags, see Tagging Amazon S3 Glacier Resources .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  AccountId  value is the AWS account ID of the account that owns
          the vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally  a
          single  '-  ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses the AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If  you  use  an account ID, do not include any hyphens ('-') in the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command lists the tags applied to a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier list-tags-for-vault --account-id - --vault-name my-vault

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": {
                  "date": "july2015",
                  "id": "1234"
              }
          }

       Amazon  Glacier  requires an account ID argument when performing opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (map)
          The tags attached to the vault. Each tag is composed of a key and  a
          value.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                         LIST-TAGS-FOR-VAULT()
