REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-VAULT()                              REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-VAULT()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  removes one or more tags from the set of tags attached
       to a vault. For more information about  tags,  see  Tagging  Amazon  S3
       Glacier Resources . This operation is idempotent. The operation will be
       successful, even if there are no tags attached to the vault.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-vault
          --account-id <value>
          --vault-name <value>
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list  of  tag  keys.  Each  corresponding tag is removed from the
          vault.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command removes a tag with the  key  date  from  a  vault
       named my-vault:

          aws glacier remove-tags-from-vault --account-id - --vault-name my-vault --tag-keys date

       Amazon  Glacier  requires an account ID argument when performing opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-VAULT()
