UPLOAD-ARCHIVE()                                              UPLOAD-ARCHIVE()



NAME
       upload-archive -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation adds an archive to a vault. This is a synchronous opera-
       tion, and for a successful upload, your data is durably persisted. Ama-
       zon S3 Glacier returns the archive ID in the x-amz-archive-id header of
       the response.

       You must use the archive ID to access your data in Amazon  S3  Glacier.
       After you upload an archive, you should save the archive ID returned so
       that you can retrieve or delete the archive later. Besides  saving  the
       archive  ID, you can also index it and give it a friendly name to allow
       for better searching. You can also use the optional archive description
       field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of
       archives, such as you might create in Amazon DynamoDB. You can also get
       the  vault  inventory  to  obtain a list of archive IDs in a vault. For
       more information, see  InitiateJob .

       You must provide a SHA256 tree hash of the data you are uploading.  For
       information about computing a SHA256 tree hash, see Computing Checksums
       .

       You can optionally specify an archive description of up to 1,024 print-
       able ASCII characters. You can get the archive description when you ei-
       ther retrieve the archive or get the vault inventory. For more informa-
       tion, see  InitiateJob . Amazon Glacier does not interpret the descrip-
       tion in any way. An archive description does not need to be unique. You
       cannot use the description to retrieve or sort the archive list.

       Archives  are  immutable.  After you upload an archive, you cannot edit
       the archive or its description.

       An AWS account has full permission to perform all operations (actions).
       However,  AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users don't have any
       permissions by default. You must grant them explicit permission to per-
       form  specific  actions. For more information, see Access Control Using
       AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) .

       For conceptual information and underlying REST API,  see  Uploading  an
       Archive  in Amazon Glacier and Upload Archive in the Amazon Glacier De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upload-archive
          --vault-name <value>
          --account-id <value>
          [--archive-description <value>]
          [--checksum <value>]
          [--body <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vault-name (string)
          The name of the vault.

       --account-id (string)
          The AccountId value is the AWS account ID of the account  that  owns
          the  vault. You can either specify an AWS account ID or optionally a
          single '- ' (hyphen), in which case Amazon S3 Glacier uses  the  AWS
          account ID associated with the credentials used to sign the request.
          If you use an account ID, do not include any hyphens  ('-')  in  the
          ID.

       --archive-description (string)
          The optional description of the archive you are uploading.

       --checksum (string)
          The SHA256 tree hash of the data being uploaded.

       --body (blob)
          The data to upload.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The  following  command  uploads an archive in the current folder named
       archive.zip to a vault named my-vault:

          aws glacier upload-archive --account-id - --vault-name my-vault --body archive.zip

       Output:

          {
              "archiveId": "kKB7ymWJVpPSwhGP6ycSOAekp9ZYe_--zM_mw6k76ZFGEIWQX-ybtRDvc2VkPSDtfKmQrj0IRQLSGsNuDp-AJVlu2ccmDSyDUmZwKbwbpAdGATGDiB3hHO0bjbGehXTcApVud_wyDw",
              "checksum": "969fb39823836d81f0cc028195fcdbcbbe76cdde932d4646fa7de5f21e18aa67",
              "location": "/0123456789012/vaults/my-vault/archives/kKB7ymWJVpPSwhGP6ycSOAekp9ZYe_--zM_mw6k76ZFGEIWQX-ybtRDvc2VkPSDtfKmQrj0IRQLSGsNuDp-AJVlu2ccmDSyDUmZwKbwbpAdGATGDiB3hHO0bjbGehXTcApVud_wyDw"
          }

       Amazon Glacier requires an account ID argument when  performing  opera-
       tions, but you can use a hyphen to specify the in-use account.

       To  retrieve an uploaded archive, initiate a retrieval job with the aws
       glacier initiate-job command.

OUTPUT
       location -> (string)
          The relative URI path of the newly added archive resource.

       checksum -> (string)
          The checksum of the archive computed by Amazon S3 Glacier.

       archiveId -> (string)
          The ID of the archive. This value is also included as  part  of  the
          location.



                                                              UPLOAD-ARCHIVE()
