CREATE-SCHEMA()                                                CREATE-SCHEMA()



NAME
       create-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an Amazon Personalize schema from the specified schema string.
       The schema you create must be in Avro JSON format.

       Amazon Personalize recognizes three schema variants. Each schema is as-
       sociated  with  a dataset type and has a set of required field and key-
       words. If you are creating a schema for a dataset in a  Domain  dataset
       group,  you provide the domain of the Domain dataset group. You specify
       a schema when you call  CreateDataset .
          Related APIs

       o ListSchemas

       o DescribeSchema

       o DeleteSchema

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-schema
          --name <value>
          --schema <value>
          [--domain <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name for the schema.

       --schema (string)
          A schema in Avro JSON format.

       --domain (string)
          The domain for the schema. If  you  are  creating  a  schema  for  a
          dataset in a Domain dataset group, specify the domain you chose when
          you created the Domain dataset group.

          Possible values:

          o ECOMMERCE

          o VIDEO_ON_DEMAND

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       schemaArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the created schema.



                                                               CREATE-SCHEMA()
