DESCRIBE-SCHEMA()                                            DESCRIBE-SCHEMA()



NAME
       describe-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  a schema. For more information on schemas, see  CreateSchema
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-schema
          --schema-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --schema-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schema to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       schema -> (structure)
          The requested schema.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the schema.

          schemaArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schema.

          schema -> (string)
              The schema.

          creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time (in Unix time) that the schema was created.

          lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time (in Unix time) that the schema  was  last  up-
              dated.

          domain -> (string)
              The  domain  of a schema that you created for a dataset in a Do-
              main dataset group.



                                                             DESCRIBE-SCHEMA()
