LIST-RECIPES()                                                  LIST-RECIPES()



NAME
       list-recipes -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a list of available recipes. The response provides the proper-
       ties for each recipe,  including  the  recipe's  Amazon  Resource  Name
       (ARN).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-recipes is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: recipes

SYNOPSIS
            list-recipes
          [--recipe-provider <value>]
          [--domain <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --recipe-provider (string)
          The default is SERVICE .

          Possible values:

          o SERVICE

       --domain (string)
          Filters returned recipes by domain for a Domain dataset group.  Only
          recipes  (Domain  dataset  group  use cases) for this domain are in-
          cluded in the response. If you don't specify a domain, only  non-do-
          main recipes are returned.

          Possible values:

          o ECOMMERCE

          o VIDEO_ON_DEMAND

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       recipes -> (list)
          The list of available recipes.

          (structure)
              Provides a summary of the properties of a recipe. For a complete
              listing, call the  DescribeRecipe API.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the recipe.

              recipeArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the recipe.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the recipe.

              creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the recipe was created.

              lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the recipe was last up-
                 dated.

              domain -> (string)
                 The domain of the recipe (if the recipe is a  Domain  dataset
                 group use case).

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token for getting the next set of recipes.



                                                                LIST-RECIPES()
