LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Get a list of tags attached to a resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The resource's Amazon Resource Name.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          The resource's tags.

          (structure)
              The optional metadata that you apply to resources  to  help  you
              categorize  and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value, both of which you define. For  more  information
              see Tagging Personalize resources .

              tagKey -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              tagValue -> (string)
                 The  optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
