LIST-SCHEMAS()                                                  LIST-SCHEMAS()



NAME
       list-schemas -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  list of schemas associated with the account. The response
       provides the properties for each schema, including the Amazon  Resource
       Name (ARN). For more information on schemas, see CreateSchema .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-schemas is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: schemas

SYNOPSIS
            list-schemas
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       schemas -> (list)
          A list of schemas.

          (structure)
              Provides a summary of the properties of a dataset schema. For  a
              complete listing, call the DescribeSchema API.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the schema.

              schemaArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schema.

              creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the schema was created.

              lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the schema was last up-
                 dated.

              domain -> (string)
                 The domain of a schema that you created for a  dataset  in  a
                 Domain dataset group.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token used to get the next set of schemas (if they exist).



                                                                LIST-SCHEMAS()
