LIST-DATASETS()                                                LIST-DATASETS()



NAME
       list-datasets -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the list of datasets contained in the given dataset group. The
       response provides the properties for each dataset, including the Amazon
       Resource   Name   (ARN).   For   more   information  on  datasets,  see
       CreateDataset .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-datasets is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: datasets

SYNOPSIS
            list-datasets
          [--dataset-group-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-group-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the dataset group that contains
          the datasets to list.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       datasets -> (list)
          An array of Dataset objects. Each object provides metadata  informa-
          tion.

          (structure)
              Provides  a  summary  of the properties of a dataset. For a com-
              plete listing, call the DescribeDataset API.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the dataset.

              datasetArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset.

              datasetType -> (string)
                 The dataset type. One of the following values:

                 o Interactions

                 o Items

                 o Users

                 o Event-Interactions

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the dataset.

                 A dataset can be in one of the following states:

                 o CREATE PENDING > CREATE IN_PROGRESS >  ACTIVE  -or-  CREATE
                   FAILED

                 o DELETE PENDING > DELETE IN_PROGRESS

              creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and  time (in Unix time) that the dataset was cre-
                 ated.

              lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the  dataset  was  last
                 updated.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token for getting the next set of datasets (if they exist).



                                                               LIST-DATASETS()
