LIST-SOLUTIONS()                                              LIST-SOLUTIONS()



NAME
       list-solutions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of solutions that use the given dataset group. When a
       dataset group is not specified, all the solutions associated  with  the
       account are listed. The response provides the properties for each solu-
       tion, including the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For more information on
       solutions, see CreateSolution .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-solutions  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: solutions

SYNOPSIS
            list-solutions
          [--dataset-group-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dataset-group-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset group.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       solutions -> (list)
          A list of the current solutions.

          (structure)
              Provides a summary of the properties of a solution. For  a  com-
              plete listing, call the DescribeSolution API.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the solution.

              solutionArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the solution.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the solution.

                 A solution can be in one of the following states:

                 o CREATE  PENDING  >  CREATE IN_PROGRESS > ACTIVE -or- CREATE
                   FAILED

                 o DELETE PENDING > DELETE IN_PROGRESS

              creationDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time (in Unix time) that the solution  was  cre-
                 ated.

              lastUpdatedDateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and time (in Unix time) that the solution was last
                 updated.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A token for getting the next set of solutions (if they exist).



                                                              LIST-SOLUTIONS()
