LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of all existing tags associated with a Data Store.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name(ARN) of the Data Store for which tags are
          being added.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list tags for a Data Store

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists the tags  associated
       with the specified Data Store.:

          aws healthlake list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:healthlake:us-east-1:674914422125:datastore/fhir/0725c83f4307f263e16fd56b6d8ebdbe" \
              --region us-east-1

       Output:

          {
              "tags": {
                  "key": "value",
                  "key1": "value1"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Tagging resources in Amazon HealthLake in the
       Amazon HealthLake Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          Returns a list of tags associated with a Data Store.

          (structure)
              A tag is a label consisting of a user-defined key and value. The
              form for tags is {"Key", "Value"}

              Key -> (string)
                 The key portion of a tag. Tag keys are case sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value portion of tag. Tag values are case sensitive.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
