ADD-PARTNER()                                                    ADD-PARTNER()



NAME
       add-partner -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a  partner  integration to a cluster. This operation authorizes a
       partner to push status updates for the specified database. To  complete
       the  integration,  you  also set up the integration on the partner web-
       site.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-partner
          --account-id <value>
          --cluster-identifier <value>
          --database-name <value>
          --partner-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID that owns the cluster.

       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier of the cluster that receives  data  from  the
          partner.

       --database-name (string)
          The name of the database that receives data from the partner.

       --partner-name (string)
          The name of the partner that is authorized to send data.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DatabaseName -> (string)
          The name of the database that receives data from the partner.

       PartnerName -> (string)
          The name of the partner that is authorized to send data.



                                                                 ADD-PARTNER()
