AUTHORIZE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP-INGAUTHORIZE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP-INGRESS()



NAME
       authorize-cluster-security-group-ingress -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  an  inbound  (ingress) rule to an Amazon Redshift security group.
       Depending on whether the application accessing your cluster is  running
       on  the  Internet  or an Amazon EC2 instance, you can authorize inbound
       access to either a Classless Interdomain Routing (CIDR)/Internet Proto-
       col  (IP) range or to an Amazon EC2 security group. You can add as many
       as 20 ingress rules to an Amazon Redshift security group.

       If you authorize access to an Amazon EC2 security group, specify EC2Se-
       curityGroupName  and  EC2SecurityGroupOwnerId . The Amazon EC2 security
       group and Amazon Redshift cluster must be in the same Amazon  Web  Ser-
       vices Region.

       If  you  authorize  access to a CIDR/IP address range, specify CIDRIP .
       For an overview of CIDR blocks, see the Wikipedia article on  Classless
       Inter-Domain Routing .

       You  must  also  associate  the  security  group with a cluster so that
       clients running on these IP addresses or the EC2  instance  are  autho-
       rized  to  connect to the cluster. For information about managing secu-
       rity groups, go to Working with Security Groups in the Amazon  Redshift
       Cluster Management Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            authorize-cluster-security-group-ingress
          --cluster-security-group-name <value>
          [--cidrip <value>]
          [--ec2-security-group-name <value>]
          [--ec2-security-group-owner-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-security-group-name (string)
          The name of the security group to which the ingress rule is added.

       --cidrip (string)
          The IP range to be added the Amazon Redshift security group.

       --ec2-security-group-name (string)
          The  EC2  security  group  to  be added the Amazon Redshift security
          group.

       --ec2-security-group-owner-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account number of the owner of the  security
          group  specified  by  the EC2SecurityGroupName parameter. The Amazon
          Web Services Access Key ID is not an acceptable value.

          Example: 111122223333

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
   Authorizing Access to an EC2 Security Group
       This example authorizes access to a named Amazon EC2 security group.

       Command:

          aws redshift authorize-cluster-security-group-ingress --cluster-security-group-name mysecuritygroup --ec2-security-group-name myec2securitygroup --ec2-security-group-owner-id 123445677890

   Authorizing Access to a CIDR range
       This example authorizes access to a CIDR range.

       Command:

          aws redshift authorize-cluster-security-group-ingress --cluster-security-group-name mysecuritygroup --cidrip 192.168.100.100/32

OUTPUT
       ClusterSecurityGroup -> (structure)
          Describes a security group.

          ClusterSecurityGroupName -> (string)
              The name of the cluster security group to  which  the  operation
              was applied.

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the security group.

          EC2SecurityGroups -> (list)
              A list of EC2 security groups that are permitted to access clus-
              ters associated with this cluster security group.

              (structure)
                 Describes an Amazon EC2 security group.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The status of the EC2 security group.

                 EC2SecurityGroupName -> (string)
                     The name of the EC2 Security Group.

                 EC2SecurityGroupOwnerId -> (string)
                     The Amazon Web Services account ID of the  owner  of  the
                     EC2  security group specified in the EC2SecurityGroupName
                     field.

                 Tags -> (list)
                     The list of tags for the EC2 security group.

                     (structure)
                        A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The value for the resource tag.

          IPRanges -> (list)
              A list of IP ranges (CIDR blocks) that are permitted  to  access
              clusters associated with this cluster security group.

              (structure)
                 Describes an IP range used in a security group.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The status of the IP range, for example, "authorized".

                 CIDRIP -> (string)
                     The IP range in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) no-
                     tation.

                 Tags -> (list)
                     The list of tags for the IP range.

                     (structure)
                        A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                        Key -> (string)
                            The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The value for the resource tag.

          Tags -> (list)
              The list of tags for the cluster security group.

              (structure)
                 A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value for the resource tag.



                                    AUTHORIZE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP-INGRESS()
