CREATE-SNAPSHOT-COPY-GRANT()                      CREATE-SNAPSHOT-COPY-GRANT()



NAME
       create-snapshot-copy-grant -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  snapshot  copy grant that permits Amazon Redshift to use an
       encrypted symmetric key from Key Management Service  (KMS)  to  encrypt
       copied snapshots in a destination region.

       For  more information about managing snapshot copy grants, go to Amazon
       Redshift Database Encryption in the Amazon Redshift Cluster  Management
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-snapshot-copy-grant
          --snapshot-copy-grant-name <value>
          [--kms-key-id <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --snapshot-copy-grant-name (string)
          The name of the snapshot copy grant. This name must be unique in the
          region for the Amazon Web Services account.

          Constraints:

          o Must contain from 1 to 63 alphanumeric characters or hyphens.

          o Alphabetic characters must be lowercase.

          o First character must be a letter.

          o Cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

          o Must be unique for all clusters within an Amazon Web Services  ac-
            count.

       --kms-key-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of  the encrypted symmetric key to which to
          grant Amazon Redshift permission. If no key is  specified,  the  de-
          fault key is used.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tag instances.

          (structure)
              A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key, or name, for the resource tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the resource tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create a snapshot copy grant

       The  following  create-snapshot-copy-grant  example  creates a snapshot
       copy grant and encrypts copied snapshots in a destination AWS Region.

          aws redshift create-snapshot-copy-grant \
              --snapshot-copy-grant-name mysnapshotcopygrantname

       Output:

          {
              "SnapshotCopyGrant": {
                  "SnapshotCopyGrantName": "mysnapshotcopygrantname",
                  "KmsKeyId": "arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:123456789012:key/bPxRfih3yCo8nvbEXAMPLEKEY",
                  "Tags": []
              }
          }

       For more information, see Amazon Redshift Database  Encryption  in  the
       Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       SnapshotCopyGrant -> (structure)
          The  snapshot  copy  grant that grants Amazon Redshift permission to
          encrypt copied snapshots with the specified encrypted symmetric  key
          from Amazon Web Services KMS in the destination region.

          For  more  information  about  managing  snapshot copy grants, go to
          Amazon Redshift Database Encryption in the Amazon  Redshift  Cluster
          Management Guide .

          SnapshotCopyGrantName -> (string)
              The name of the snapshot copy grant.

          KmsKeyId -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier of the encrypted symmetric key in Amazon
              Web Services KMS to which Amazon Redshift is granted permission.

          Tags -> (list)
              A list of tag instances.

              (structure)
                 A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value for the resource tag.



                                                  CREATE-SNAPSHOT-COPY-GRANT()
