CREATE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()              CREATE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       create-cluster-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an Amazon Redshift parameter group.

       Creating  parameter groups is independent of creating clusters. You can
       associate a cluster with a parameter group when you create the cluster.
       You can also associate an existing cluster with a parameter group after
       the cluster is created by using  ModifyCluster .

       Parameters in the parameter group define specific behavior that applies
       to  the databases you create on the cluster. For more information about
       parameters and parameter groups, go to Amazon Redshift Parameter Groups
       in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-cluster-parameter-group
          --parameter-group-name <value>
          --parameter-group-family <value>
          --description <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the cluster parameter group.

          Constraints:

          o Must be 1 to 255 alphanumeric characters or hyphens

          o First character must be a letter.

          o Cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

          o Must be unique withing your Amazon Web Services account.

          NOTE:
              This value is stored as a lower-case string.

       --parameter-group-family (string)
          The  Amazon  Redshift  engine version to which the cluster parameter
          group applies. The cluster engine version determines the set of  pa-
          rameters.

          To  get  a  list of valid parameter group family names, you can call
          DescribeClusterParameterGroups . By default, Amazon Redshift returns
          a list of all the parameter groups that are owned by your Amazon Web
          Services account, including the default parameter  groups  for  each
          Amazon Redshift engine version. The parameter group family names as-
          sociated with the default parameter groups  provide  you  the  valid
          values. For example, a valid family name is "redshift-1.0".

       --description (string)
          A description of the parameter group.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tag instances.

          (structure)
              A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key, or name, for the resource tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the resource tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

   Create a Cluster Parameter Group
       This example creates a new cluster parameter group.

       Command:

          aws redshift create-cluster-parameter-group --parameter-group-name myclusterparametergroup --parameter-group-family redshift-1.0 --description "My first cluster parameter group"

       Result:

          {
             "ClusterParameterGroup": {
                "ParameterGroupFamily": "redshift-1.0",
                "Description": "My first cluster parameter group",
                "ParameterGroupName": "myclusterparametergroup"
             },
             "ResponseMetadata": {
                "RequestId": "739448f0-64cc-11e2-8f7d-3b939af52818"
             }
          }

OUTPUT
       ClusterParameterGroup -> (structure)
          Describes a parameter group.

          ParameterGroupName -> (string)
              The name of the cluster parameter group.

          ParameterGroupFamily -> (string)
              The name of the cluster parameter group family that this cluster
              parameter group is compatible with.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the parameter group.

          Tags -> (list)
              The list of tags for the cluster parameter group.

              (structure)
                 A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value for the resource tag.



                                              CREATE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()
