CREATE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()                CREATE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()



NAME
       create-authentication-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an authentication profile with the specified parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-authentication-profile
          --authentication-profile-name <value>
          --authentication-profile-content <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-profile-name (string)
          The name of the authentication profile to be created.

       --authentication-profile-content (string)
          The  content of the authentication profile in JSON format. The maxi-
          mum length of the JSON string is determined by a quota for your  ac-
          count.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthenticationProfileName -> (string)
          The name of the authentication profile that was created.

       AuthenticationProfileContent -> (string)
          The content of the authentication profile in JSON format.



                                               CREATE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()
