DELETE-TAGS()                                                    DELETE-TAGS()



NAME
       delete-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  tags from a resource. You must provide the ARN of the resource
       from which you want to delete the tag or tags.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tags
          --resource-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) from which you want to remove the tag
          or  tags.  For  example,  arn:aws:redshift:us-east-2:123456789:clus-
          ter:t1 .

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag key that you want to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete tags from a cluster

       The following delete-tags example deletes the tags with  the  specified
       key names from the specified cluster.

          aws redshift delete-tags \
              --resource-name arn:aws:redshift:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:mycluster \
              --tag-keys "clustertagkey" "clustertagvalue"

       This command does not produce any output.

       For  more  information, see Tagging Resources in Amazon Redshift in the
       Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-TAGS()
