DELETE-HSM-CLIENT-CERTIFICATE()                DELETE-HSM-CLIENT-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       delete-hsm-client-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified HSM client certificate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-hsm-client-certificate
          --hsm-client-certificate-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hsm-client-certificate-identifier (string)
          The identifier of the HSM client certificate to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete HSM client certificate

       The following  delete-hsm-client-certificate  example  deletes  an  HSM
       client certificate.

          aws redshift delete-hsm-client-certificate \
              --hsm-client-certificate-identifier myhsmclientcert

       This command does not produce any output.

       For  more information, see Amazon Redshift API Permissions Reference in
       the Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-HSM-CLIENT-CERTIFICATE()
