DELETE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP()                DELETE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-cluster-security-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Amazon Redshift security group.

       NOTE:
          You cannot delete a security group that is associated with any clus-
          ters. You cannot delete the default security group.

       For information about managing security groups, go to  Amazon  Redshift
       Cluster Security Groups in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-cluster-security-group
          --cluster-security-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-security-group-name (string)
          The name of the cluster security group to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
   Delete a Cluster Security Group
       This example deletes a cluster security group.

       Command:

          aws redshift delete-cluster-security-group --cluster-security-group-name mysecuritygroup

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DELETE-CLUSTER-SECURITY-GROUP()
