DELETE-PARTNER()                                              DELETE-PARTNER()



NAME
       delete-partner -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  partner  integration from a cluster. Data can still flow to
       the cluster until the integration is deleted at the partner's website.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-partner
          --account-id <value>
          --cluster-identifier <value>
          --database-name <value>
          --partner-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID that owns the cluster.

       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier of the cluster that receives  data  from  the
          partner.

       --database-name (string)
          The name of the database that receives data from the partner.

       --partner-name (string)
          The name of the partner that is authorized to send data.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DatabaseName -> (string)
          The name of the database that receives data from the partner.

       PartnerName -> (string)
          The name of the partner that is authorized to send data.



                                                              DELETE-PARTNER()
