DESCRIBE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILES()          DESCRIBE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILES()



NAME
       describe-authentication-profiles -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes an authentication profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-authentication-profiles
          [--authentication-profile-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-profile-name (string)
          The name of the authentication profile to describe. If not specified
          then all authentication profiles owned by the account are listed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthenticationProfiles -> (list)
          The list of authentication profiles.

          (structure)
              Describes an authentication profile.

              AuthenticationProfileName -> (string)
                 The name of the authentication profile.

              AuthenticationProfileContent -> (string)
                 The content of the authentication profile in JSON format. The
                 maximum  length  of  the JSON string is determined by a quota
                 for your account.



                                            DESCRIBE-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILES()
