DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETERS()                    DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETERS()



NAME
       describe-cluster-parameters -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  detailed  list of parameters contained within the specified
       Amazon Redshift parameter group. For each parameter  the  response  in-
       cludes  information  such  as  parameter  name, description, data type,
       value, whether the parameter value is modifiable, and so on.

       You can specify source filter to retrieve parameters of  only  specific
       type.  For example, to retrieve parameters that were modified by a user
       action such as from   ModifyClusterParameterGroup  ,  you  can  specify
       source equal to user .

       For  more  information  about  parameters  and  parameter groups, go to
       Amazon Redshift Parameter Groups in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Manage-
       ment Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-cluster-parameters  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Parameters

SYNOPSIS
            describe-cluster-parameters
          --parameter-group-name <value>
          [--source <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of a cluster parameter group for which to return details.

       --source (string)
          The parameter types to return. Specify user to show parameters  that
          are different form the default. Similarly, specify engine-default to
          show parameters that are the same as the default parameter group.

          Default: All parameter types returned.

          Valid Values: user | engine-default

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
   Retrieve the Parameters for a Specified Cluster Parameter Group
       This example retrieves the parameters for the  named  parameter  group.
       By default, the output is in JSON format.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-cluster-parameters --parameter-group-name myclusterparametergroup

       Result:

          {
             "Parameters": [
                {
                   "Description": "Sets the display format for date and time values.",
                   "DataType": "string",
                   "IsModifiable": true,
                   "Source": "engine-default",
                   "ParameterValue": "ISO, MDY",
                   "ParameterName": "datestyle"
                },
                {
                   "Description": "Sets the number of digits displayed for floating-point values",
                   "DataType": "integer",
                   "IsModifiable": true,
                   "AllowedValues": "-15-2",
                   "Source": "engine-default",
                   "ParameterValue": "0",
                   "ParameterName": "extra_float_digits"
                },
                (...remaining output omitted...)
             ]
          }

       You  can  also  obtain  the  same  information in text format using the
       --output text option.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-cluster-parameters --parameter-group-name myclusterparametergroup --output text

       Result:

          RESPONSEMETADATA    cdac40aa-64cc-11e2-9e70-918437dd236d
          Sets the display format for date and time values.   string  True    engine-default  ISO, MDY        datestyle
          Sets the number of digits displayed for floating-point values       integer True    -15-2   engine-default  0       extra_float_digits
          This parameter applies a user-defined label to a group of queries that are run during the same session..    string  True    engine-default  default query_group
          require ssl for all databaseconnections     boolean True    true,false      engine-default  false   require_ssl
          Sets the schema search order for names that are not schema-qualified.       string  True    engine-default  $user, public   search_path
          Aborts any statement that takes over the specified number of milliseconds.  integer True    engine-default  0       statement_timeout
          wlm json configuration      string  True    engine-default  \[{"query_concurrency":5}]      wlm_json_configuration

OUTPUT
       Parameters -> (list)
          A list of  Parameter instances. Each instance lists  the  parameters
          of one cluster parameter group.

          (structure)
              Describes a parameter in a cluster parameter group.

              ParameterName -> (string)
                 The name of the parameter.

              ParameterValue -> (string)
                 The value of the parameter. If ParameterName is wlm_json_con-
                 figuration , then the maximum size of ParameterValue is  8000
                 characters.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the parameter.

              Source -> (string)
                 The  source  of the parameter value, such as "engine-default"
                 or "user".

              DataType -> (string)
                 The data type of the parameter.

              AllowedValues -> (string)
                 The valid range of values for the parameter.

              ApplyType -> (string)
                 Specifies how to apply the WLM configuration parameter.  Some
                 properties can be applied dynamically, while other properties
                 require that any associated clusters be rebooted for the con-
                 figuration  changes to be applied. For more information about
                 parameters and parameter groups, go to Amazon Redshift Param-
                 eter Groups in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide .

              IsModifiable -> (boolean)
                 If true , the parameter can be modified. Some parameters have
                 security or operational implications that prevent  them  from
                 being changed.

              MinimumEngineVersion -> (string)
                 The earliest engine version to which the parameter can apply.

       Marker -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the  com-
          mand.  If  the Marker field is empty, all response records have been
          retrieved for the request.



                                                 DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETERS()
