DESCRIBE-EVENT-SUBSCRIPTIONS()                  DESCRIBE-EVENT-SUBSCRIPTIONS()



NAME
       describe-event-subscriptions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  descriptions  of all the Amazon Redshift event notification sub-
       scriptions for a customer account. If you specify a subscription  name,
       lists the description for that subscription.

       If you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request, Amazon
       Redshift returns all event notification subscriptions  that  match  any
       combination  of the specified keys and values. For example, if you have
       owner and environment for tag keys, and admin and test for tag  values,
       all  subscriptions  that  have  any combination of those values are re-
       turned.

       If both tag keys and values are omitted from the request, subscriptions
       are returned regardless of whether they have tag keys or values associ-
       ated with them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-event-subscriptions is a  paginated  operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: EventSubscriptionsList

SYNOPSIS
            describe-event-subscriptions
          [--subscription-name <value>]
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--tag-values <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subscription-name (string)
          The  name  of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription to
          be described.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A tag key or keys for which you want to return  all  matching  event
          notification  subscriptions  that  are associated with the specified
          key or keys. For example, suppose that you have  subscriptions  that
          are  tagged  with keys called owner and environment . If you specify
          both of these tag keys in the request, Amazon Redshift returns a re-
          sponse  with the subscriptions that have either or both of these tag
          keys associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values (list)
          A tag value or values for which you  want  to  return  all  matching
          event notification subscriptions that are associated with the speci-
          fied tag value or values. For example, suppose that  you  have  sub-
          scriptions  that  are  tagged with values called admin and test . If
          you specify both of these tag values in the request, Amazon Redshift
          returns  a  response with the subscriptions that have either or both
          of these tag values associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe event subscriptions

       The following describe-event-subscriptions example displays event noti-
       fication subscriptions for the specified subscription.

          aws redshift describe-event-subscriptions \
              --subscription-name mysubscription

       Output:

          {
              "EventSubscriptionsList": [
                  {
                      "CustomerAwsId": "123456789012",
                      "CustSubscriptionId": "mysubscription",
                      "SnsTopicArn": "arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:MySNStopic",
                      "Status": "active",
                      "SubscriptionCreationTime": "2019-12-09T21:50:21.332Z",
                      "SourceIdsList": [],
                      "EventCategoriesList": [
                          "management"
                      ],
                      "Severity": "ERROR",
                      "Enabled": true,
                      "Tags": []
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Subscribing to Amazon Redshift Event  Notifi-
       cations in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the  com-
          mand.  If  the Marker field is empty, all response records have been
          retrieved for the request.

       EventSubscriptionsList -> (list)
          A list of event subscriptions.

          (structure)
              Describes event subscriptions.

              CustomerAwsId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account associated  with  the  Amazon
                 Redshift event notification subscription.

              CustSubscriptionId -> (string)
                 The  name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscrip-
                 tion.

              SnsTopicArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS  topic  used
                 by the event notification subscription.

              Status -> (string)
                 The  status  of  the  Amazon Redshift event notification sub-
                 scription.

                 Constraints:

                 o Can be one of  the  following:  active  |  no-permission  |
                   topic-not-exist

                 o The  status  "no-permission" indicates that Amazon Redshift
                   no longer has permission to post to the Amazon  SNS  topic.
                   The  status  "topic-not-exist" indicates that the topic was
                   deleted after the subscription was created.

              SubscriptionCreationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time the Amazon Redshift event notification sub-
                 scription was created.

              SourceType -> (string)
                 The source type of the events returned by the Amazon Redshift
                 event notification, such as cluster, cluster-snapshot,  clus-
                 ter-parameter-group, cluster-security-group, or scheduled-ac-
                 tion.

              SourceIdsList -> (list)
                 A list of the sources that publish events to the Amazon  Red-
                 shift event notification subscription.

                 (string)

              EventCategoriesList -> (list)
                 The list of Amazon Redshift event categories specified in the
                 event notification subscription.

                 Values:  Configuration,  Management,  Monitoring,   Security,
                 Pending

                 (string)

              Severity -> (string)
                 The event severity specified in the Amazon Redshift event no-
                 tification subscription.

                 Values: ERROR, INFO

              Enabled -> (boolean)
                 A boolean value indicating whether the  subscription  is  en-
                 abled; true indicates that the subscription is enabled.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The list of tags for the event subscription.

                 (structure)
                     A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value for the resource tag.



                                                DESCRIBE-EVENT-SUBSCRIPTIONS()
