DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUPS()        DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUPS()



NAME
       describe-cluster-parameter-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of Amazon Redshift parameter groups, including parameter
       groups you created and the default parameter group. For each  parameter
       group, the response includes the parameter group name, description, and
       parameter group family name. You can optionally specify a name  to  re-
       trieve the description of a specific parameter group.

       For  more  information  about  parameters  and  parameter groups, go to
       Amazon Redshift Parameter Groups in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Manage-
       ment Guide .

       If you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request, Amazon
       Redshift returns all parameter groups that match any combination of the
       specified  keys and values. For example, if you have owner and environ-
       ment for tag keys, and admin and test for  tag  values,  all  parameter
       groups that have any combination of those values are returned.

       If  both  tag  keys  and values are omitted from the request, parameter
       groups are returned regardless of whether they have tag keys or  values
       associated with them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-cluster-parameter-groups  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: ParameterGroups

SYNOPSIS
            describe-cluster-parameter-groups
          [--parameter-group-name <value>]
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--tag-values <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of a specific parameter group for which to return  details.
          By  default,  details about all parameter groups and the default pa-
          rameter group are returned.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A tag key or keys for which you want to return all matching  cluster
          parameter groups that are associated with the specified key or keys.
          For example, suppose that you have parameter groups that are  tagged
          with  keys  called  owner  and  environment . If you specify both of
          these tag keys in the request, Amazon Redshift  returns  a  response
          with the parameter groups that have either or both of these tag keys
          associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values (list)
          A tag value or values for which you  want  to  return  all  matching
          cluster  parameter groups that are associated with the specified tag
          value or values. For example, suppose that you have parameter groups
          that  are  tagged with values called admin and test . If you specify
          both of these tag values in the request, Amazon Redshift  returns  a
          response with the parameter groups that have either or both of these
          tag values associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

   Get a Description of All Cluster Parameter Groups
       This  example returns a description of all cluster parameter groups for
       the account, with column headers.  By default, the output  is  in  JSON
       format.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-cluster-parameter-groups

       Result:

          {
             "ParameterGroups": [
                {
                   "ParameterGroupFamily": "redshift-1.0",
                   "Description": "My first cluster parameter group",
                   "ParameterGroupName": "myclusterparametergroup"
                } ],
             "ResponseMetadata": {
                "RequestId": "8ceb8f6f-64cc-11e2-bea9-49e0ce183f07"
             }
          }

       You  can  also  obtain  the  same  information in text format using the
       --output text option.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-cluster-parameter-groups --output text

       Result:

          redshift-1.0        My first cluster parameter group        myclusterparametergroup
          RESPONSEMETADATA    9e665a36-64cc-11e2-8f7d-3b939af52818

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          A value that indicates the starting point for the next  set  of  re-
          sponse  records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned  marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the com-
          mand. If the Marker field is empty, all response records  have  been
          retrieved for the request.

       ParameterGroups -> (list)
          A  list of  ClusterParameterGroup instances. Each instance describes
          one cluster parameter group.

          (structure)
              Describes a parameter group.

              ParameterGroupName -> (string)
                 The name of the cluster parameter group.

              ParameterGroupFamily -> (string)
                 The name of the cluster  parameter  group  family  that  this
                 cluster parameter group is compatible with.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the parameter group.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The list of tags for the cluster parameter group.

                 (structure)
                     A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value for the resource tag.



                                           DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUPS()
