DESCRIBE-HSM-CONFIGURATIONS()                    DESCRIBE-HSM-CONFIGURATIONS()



NAME
       describe-hsm-configurations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the specified Amazon Redshift HSM configura-
       tion. If no configuration ID is specified,  returns  information  about
       all the HSM configurations owned by your Amazon Web Services account.

       If you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request, Amazon
       Redshift returns all HSM connections that match any combination of  the
       specified  keys and values. For example, if you have owner and environ-
       ment for tag keys, and admin and test for tag values, all  HSM  connec-
       tions that have any combination of those values are returned.

       If  both  tag keys and values are omitted from the request, HSM connec-
       tions are returned regardless of whether they have tag keys  or  values
       associated with them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-hsm-configurations  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: HsmConfigurations

SYNOPSIS
            describe-hsm-configurations
          [--hsm-configuration-identifier <value>]
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--tag-values <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hsm-configuration-identifier (string)
          The identifier of a specific Amazon Redshift HSM configuration to be
          described.  If  no  identifier is specified, information is returned
          for all HSM configurations owned by your  Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
          count.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A tag key or keys for which you want to return all matching HSM con-
          figurations that are associated with the specified key or keys.  For
          example,  suppose  that  you have HSM configurations that are tagged
          with keys called owner and environment .  If  you  specify  both  of
          these  tag  keys  in the request, Amazon Redshift returns a response
          with the HSM configurations that have either or both  of  these  tag
          keys associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values (list)
          A  tag value or values for which you want to return all matching HSM
          configurations that are associated with the specified tag  value  or
          values.  For  example, suppose that you have HSM configurations that
          are tagged with values called admin and test . If you  specify  both
          of  these  tag  values in the request, Amazon Redshift returns a re-
          sponse with the HSM configurations that have either or both of these
          tag values associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe HSM configurations

       The following describe-hsm-configurations example displays details  for
       the available HSM configurations for the calling AWS account.

          aws redshift describe-hsm-configurations /
              --hsm-configuration-identifier myhsmconnection

       Output:

          {
              "HsmConfigurations": [
                  {
                      "HsmConfigurationIdentifier": "myhsmconnection",
                      "Description": "My HSM connection",
                      "HsmIpAddress": "192.0.2.09",
                      "HsmPartitionName": "myhsmpartition",
                      "Tags": []
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the  com-
          mand.  If  the Marker field is empty, all response records have been
          retrieved for the request.

       HsmConfigurations -> (list)
          A list of HsmConfiguration objects.

          (structure)
              Returns information about an HSM configuration, which is an  ob-
              ject  that describes to Amazon Redshift clusters the information
              they require to connect to an HSM where they can store  database
              encryption keys.

              HsmConfigurationIdentifier -> (string)
                 The name of the Amazon Redshift HSM configuration.

              Description -> (string)
                 A text description of the HSM configuration.

              HsmIpAddress -> (string)
                 The  IP  address that the Amazon Redshift cluster must use to
                 access the HSM.

              HsmPartitionName -> (string)
                 The name of the partition in the HSM where  the  Amazon  Red-
                 shift clusters will store their database encryption keys.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The list of tags for the HSM configuration.

                 (structure)
                     A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value for the resource tag.



                                                 DESCRIBE-HSM-CONFIGURATIONS()
