DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-AUTHORIZATION()            DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-AUTHORIZATION()



NAME
       describe-endpoint-authorization -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes an endpoint authorization.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-endpoint-authorization  is a paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: EndpointAuthorizationList

SYNOPSIS
            describe-endpoint-authorization
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--account <value>]
          [--grantee | --no-grantee]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier of the cluster to access.

       --account (string)
          The AAmazon Web Services account ID  of  either  the  cluster  owner
          (grantor) or grantee. If Grantee parameter is true, then the Account
          value is of the grantor.

       --grantee | --no-grantee (boolean)
          Indicates whether to check authorization from a grantor  or  grantee
          point  of view. If true, Amazon Redshift returns endpoint authoriza-
          tions that you've been granted. If false  (default),  checks  autho-
          rization from a grantor point of view.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EndpointAuthorizationList -> (list)
          The authorizations to an endpoint.

          (structure)
              Describes   an   endpoint  authorization  for  authorizing  Red-
              shift-managed VPC endpoint access to a cluster across Amazon Web
              Services accounts.

              Grantor -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID of the cluster owner.

              Grantee -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Web  Services  account  ID of the grantee of the
                 cluster.

              ClusterIdentifier -> (string)
                 The cluster identifier.

              AuthorizeTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time (UTC) when the authorization was created.

              ClusterStatus -> (string)
                 The status of the cluster.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the authorization action.

              AllowedAllVPCs -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether all VPCs in the grantee account are allowed
                 access to the cluster.

              AllowedVPCs -> (list)
                 The VPCs allowed access to the cluster.

                 (string)

              EndpointCount -> (integer)
                 The  number of Redshift-managed VPC endpoints created for the
                 authorization.

       Marker -> (string)
          An optional pagination token provided  by  a  previous  DescribeEnd-
          pointAuthorization  request. If this parameter is specified, the re-
          sponse includes only records beyond the  marker,  up  to  the  value
          specified by the MaxRecords parameter.



                                             DESCRIBE-ENDPOINT-AUTHORIZATION()
