DESCRIBE-EVENTS()                                            DESCRIBE-EVENTS()



NAME
       describe-events -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns events related to clusters, security groups, snapshots, and pa-
       rameter groups for the past 14 days. Events specific  to  a  particular
       cluster, security group, snapshot or parameter group can be obtained by
       providing the name as a parameter. By default, the past hour of  events
       are returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-events is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Events

SYNOPSIS
            describe-events
          [--source-identifier <value>]
          [--source-type <value>]
          [--start-time <value>]
          [--end-time <value>]
          [--duration <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-identifier (string)
          The identifier of the event source for  which  events  will  be  re-
          turned. If this parameter is not specified, then all sources are in-
          cluded in the response.

          Constraints:

          If SourceIdentifier is supplied, SourceType must also be provided.

          o Specify a cluster identifier when SourceType is cluster .

          o Specify a cluster security group name  when  SourceType  is  clus-
            ter-security-group .

          o Specify  a  cluster  parameter group name when SourceType is clus-
            ter-parameter-group .

          o Specify a cluster snapshot identifier  when  SourceType  is  clus-
            ter-snapshot .

       --source-type (string)
          The  event  source to retrieve events for. If no value is specified,
          all events are returned.

          Constraints:

          If SourceType is supplied, SourceIdentifier must also be provided.

          o Specify cluster when SourceIdentifier is a cluster identifier.

          o Specify cluster-security-group when SourceIdentifier is a  cluster
            security group name.

          o Specify cluster-parameter-group when SourceIdentifier is a cluster
            parameter group name.

          o Specify cluster-snapshot when SourceIdentifier is a cluster  snap-
            shot identifier.

          Possible values:

          o cluster

          o cluster-parameter-group

          o cluster-security-group

          o cluster-snapshot

          o scheduled-action

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The beginning of the time interval to retrieve events for, specified
          in ISO 8601 format. For more information about ISO 8601, go  to  the
          ISO8601 Wikipedia page.

          Example: 2009-07-08T18:00Z

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The end of the time interval for which to retrieve events, specified
          in ISO 8601 format. For more information about ISO 8601, go  to  the
          ISO8601 Wikipedia page.

          Example: 2009-07-08T18:00Z

       --duration (integer)
          The  number of minutes prior to the time of the request for which to
          retrieve events. For example, if the request is sent  at  18:00  and
          you  specify  a duration of 60, then only events which have occurred
          after 17:00 will be returned.

          Default: 60

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
   Describe All Events
       this example returns all events. By default, the output is in JSON for-
       mat.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-events

       Result:

          {
             "Events": [
                {
                "Date": "2013-01-22T19:17:03.640Z",
                "SourceIdentifier": "myclusterparametergroup",
                "Message": "Cluster parameter group myclusterparametergroup has been created.",
                "SourceType": "cluster-parameter-group"
                } ],
             "ResponseMetadata": {
                "RequestId": "9f056111-64c9-11e2-9390-ff04f2c1e638"
             }
          }

       You  can  also  obtain  the  same  information in text format using the
       --output text option.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-events --output text

       Result:

          2013-01-22T19:17:03.640Z    myclusterparametergroup Cluster parameter group myclusterparametergroup has been created.       cluster-parameter-group
          RESPONSEMETADATA    8e5fe765-64c9-11e2-bce3-e56f52c50e17

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          A value that indicates the starting point for the next  set  of  re-
          sponse  records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned  marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the com-
          mand. If the Marker field is empty, all response records  have  been
          retrieved for the request.

       Events -> (list)
          A list of Event instances.

          (structure)
              Describes an event.

              SourceIdentifier -> (string)
                 The identifier for the source of the event.

              SourceType -> (string)
                 The source type for this event.

              Message -> (string)
                 The text of this event.

              EventCategories -> (list)
                 A list of the event categories.

                 Values:   Configuration,  Management,  Monitoring,  Security,
                 Pending

                 (string)

              Severity -> (string)
                 The severity of the event.

                 Values: ERROR, INFO

              Date -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time of the event.

              EventId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the event.



                                                             DESCRIBE-EVENTS()
