DESCRIBE-USAGE-LIMITS()                                DESCRIBE-USAGE-LIMITS()



NAME
       describe-usage-limits -

DESCRIPTION
       Shows usage limits on a cluster. Results are filtered based on the com-
       bination of input usage limit identifier, cluster identifier, and  fea-
       ture type parameters:

       o If  usage  limit identifier, cluster identifier, and feature type are
         not provided, then all usage limit objects for the current account in
         the current region are returned.

       o If  usage  limit identifier is provided, then the corresponding usage
         limit object is returned.

       o If cluster identifier is provided, then all usage limit  objects  for
         the specified cluster are returned.

       o If  cluster  identifier and feature type are provided, then all usage
         limit objects for the combination of  cluster  and  feature  are  re-
         turned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-usage-limits  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: UsageLimits

SYNOPSIS
            describe-usage-limits
          [--usage-limit-id <value>]
          [--cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--feature-type <value>]
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--tag-values <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --usage-limit-id (string)
          The identifier of the usage limit to describe.

       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The identifier of the cluster for which you want to  describe  usage
          limits.

       --feature-type (string)
          The feature type for which you want to describe usage limits.

          Possible values:

          o spectrum

          o concurrency-scaling

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  tag  key  or keys for which you want to return all matching usage
          limit objects that are associated with the specified  key  or  keys.
          For  example, suppose that you have parameter groups that are tagged
          with keys called owner and environment .  If  you  specify  both  of
          these  tag  keys  in the request, Amazon Redshift returns a response
          with the usage limit objects have either or both of these  tag  keys
          associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values (list)
          A  tag value or values for which you want to return all matching us-
          age limit objects that are associated with the specified  tag  value
          or  values. For example, suppose that you have parameter groups that
          are tagged with values called admin and test . If you  specify  both
          of  these  tag  values in the request, Amazon Redshift returns a re-
          sponse with the usage limit objects that  have  either  or  both  of
          these tag values associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UsageLimits -> (list)
          Contains the output from the  DescribeUsageLimits action.

          (structure)
              Describes a usage limit object for a cluster.

              UsageLimitId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the usage limit.

              ClusterIdentifier -> (string)
                 The identifier of the cluster with a usage limit.

              FeatureType -> (string)
                 The Amazon Redshift feature to which the limit applies.

              LimitType -> (string)
                 The type of limit. Depending on the feature type, this can be
                 based on a time duration or data size.

              Amount -> (long)
                 The limit amount. If time-based, this amount is  in  minutes.
                 If data-based, this amount is in terabytes (TB).

              Period -> (string)
                 The  time  period that the amount applies to. A weekly period
                 begins on Sunday. The default is monthly .

              BreachAction -> (string)
                 The action that Amazon  Redshift  takes  when  the  limit  is
                 reached. Possible values are:

                 o log  -  To  log  an event in a system table. The default is
                   log.

                 o emit-metric - To emit CloudWatch metrics.

                 o disable - To disable the feature until the next  usage  pe-
                   riod begins.

              Tags -> (list)
                 A list of tag instances.

                 (structure)
                     A tag consisting of a name/value pair for a resource.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value for the resource tag.

       Marker -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the  com-
          mand.  If  the Marker field is empty, all response records have been
          retrieved for the request.



                                                       DESCRIBE-USAGE-LIMITS()
