DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-VERSIONS()                        DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-VERSIONS()



NAME
       describe-cluster-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns descriptions of the available Amazon Redshift cluster versions.
       You can call this operation even before creating any clusters to  learn
       more  about  the  Amazon  Redshift versions. For more information about
       managing clusters, go to Amazon Redshift Clusters in  the  Amazon  Red-
       shift Cluster Management Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-cluster-versions  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: ClusterVersions

SYNOPSIS
            describe-cluster-versions
          [--cluster-version <value>]
          [--cluster-parameter-group-family <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-version (string)
          The specific cluster version to return.

          Example: 1.0

       --cluster-parameter-group-family (string)
          The name of a specific cluster parameter group family to return  de-
          tails for.

          Constraints:

          o Must be 1 to 255 alphanumeric characters

          o First character must be a letter

          o Cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
   Get a Description of All Cluster Versions
       This example returns a description of all  cluster  versions.   By  de-
       fault, the output is in JSON format.

       Command:

          aws redshift describe-cluster-versions

       Result:

          {
             "ClusterVersions": [
                {
                "ClusterVersion": "1.0",
                "Description": "Initial release",
                "ClusterParameterGroupFamily": "redshift-1.0"
                } ],
             "ResponseMetadata": {
                "RequestId": "16a53de3-64cc-11e2-bec0-17624ad140dd"
             }
          }

OUTPUT
       Marker -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the starting point for the next set of re-
          sponse records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in  a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the  com-
          mand.  If  the Marker field is empty, all response records have been
          retrieved for the request.

       ClusterVersions -> (list)
          A list of Version elements.

          (structure)
              Describes a cluster version, including the parameter group  fam-
              ily and description of the version.

              ClusterVersion -> (string)
                 The version number used by the cluster.

              ClusterParameterGroupFamily -> (string)
                 The  name of the cluster parameter group family for the clus-
                 ter.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the cluster version.



                                                   DESCRIBE-CLUSTER-VERSIONS()
