DESCRIBE-TAGS()                                                DESCRIBE-TAGS()



NAME
       describe-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of tags. You can return tags from a specific resource by
       specifying an ARN, or you can return all tags for a given type  of  re-
       source, such as clusters, snapshots, and so on.

       The following are limitations for DescribeTags :

       o You  cannot  specify an ARN and a resource-type value together in the
         same request.

       o You cannot use the MaxRecords and Marker parameters together with the
         ARN parameter.

       o The  MaxRecords parameter can be a range from 10 to 50 results to re-
         turn in a request.

       If you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request, Amazon
       Redshift returns all resources that match any combination of the speci-
       fied keys and values. For example, if you have  owner  and  environment
       for  tag  keys,  and  admin and test for tag values, all resources that
       have any combination of those values are returned.

       If both tag keys and values are omitted from the request, resources are
       returned  regardless of whether they have tag keys or values associated
       with them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-tags is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: TaggedResources

SYNOPSIS
            describe-tags
          [--resource-name <value>]
          [--resource-type <value>]
          [--tag-keys <value>]
          [--tag-values <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for which you want to describe the
          tag or tags. For example, arn:aws:redshift:us-east-2:123456789:clus-
          ter:t1 .

       --resource-type (string)
          The  type  of  resource  with which you want to view tags. Valid re-
          source types are:

          o Cluster

          o CIDR/IP

          o EC2 security group

          o Snapshot

          o Cluster security group

          o Subnet group

          o HSM connection

          o HSM certificate

          o Parameter group

          o Snapshot copy grant

          For more information about Amazon Redshift resource types  and  con-
          structing  ARNs, go to Specifying Policy Elements: Actions, Effects,
          Resources, and Principals in the Amazon Redshift Cluster  Management
          Guide.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  tag  key  or  keys  for which you want to return all matching re-
          sources that are associated with the specified key or keys. For  ex-
          ample, suppose that you have resources tagged with keys called owner
          and environment . If you specify both of these tag keys in  the  re-
          quest,  Amazon  Redshift  returns a response with all resources that
          have either or both of these tag keys associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --tag-values (list)
          A tag value or values for which you want to return all matching  re-
          sources  that are associated with the specified value or values. For
          example, suppose that you have resources tagged with  values  called
          admin  and test . If you specify both of these tag values in the re-
          quest, Amazon Redshift returns a response with  all  resources  that
          have either or both of these tag values associated with them.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe tags

       The following describe-tags example displays the resources  the  speci-
       fied cluster associated with the specified tag names and values.

          aws redshift describe-tags \
              --resource-name arn:aws:redshift:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:mycluster \
              --tag-keys clustertagkey \
              --tag-values clustertagvalue

       Output:

          {
              "TaggedResources": [
                              {
                      "Tag": {
                          "Key": "clustertagkey",
                          "Value": "clustertagvalue"
                      },
                      "ResourceName": "arn:aws:redshift:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:mycluster",
                      "ResourceType": "cluster"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Tagging Resources in Amazon Redshift in the
       Amazon Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       TaggedResources -> (list)
          A list of tags with their associated resources.

          (structure)
              A tag and its associated resource.

              Tag -> (structure)
                 The tag for the resource.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The key, or name, for the resource tag.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value for the resource tag.

              ResourceName -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) with which the tag is  associ-
                 ated, for example: arn:aws:redshift:us-east-2:123456789:clus-
                 ter:t1 .

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The type of resource with which the tag is associated.  Valid
                 resource types are:

                 o Cluster

                 o CIDR/IP

                 o EC2 security group

                 o Snapshot

                 o Cluster security group

                 o Subnet group

                 o HSM connection

                 o HSM certificate

                 o Parameter group

                 For more information about Amazon Redshift resource types and
                 constructing ARNs, go to Constructing an Amazon Redshift Ama-
                 zon  Resource  Name (ARN) in the Amazon Redshift Cluster Man-
                 agement Guide.

       Marker -> (string)
          A value that indicates the starting point for the next  set  of  re-
          sponse  records in a subsequent request. If a value is returned in a
          response, you can retrieve the next set of records by providing this
          returned  marker value in the Marker parameter and retrying the com-
          mand. If the Marker field is empty, all response records  have  been
          retrieved for the request.



                                                               DESCRIBE-TAGS()
