GET-CLUSTER-CREDENTIALS-WITH-IAM()          GET-CLUSTER-CREDENTIALS-WITH-IAM()



NAME
       get-cluster-credentials-with-iam -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a database user name and temporary password with temporary au-
       thorization to log in to an Amazon Redshift database. The database user
       is  mapped 1:1 to the source Identity and Access Management (IAM) iden-
       tity. For more information about IAM  identities,  see  IAM  Identities
       (users, user groups, and roles) in the Amazon Web Services Identity and
       Access Management User Guide.

       The Identity and Access Management (IAM) identity that runs this opera-
       tion  must have an IAM policy attached that allows access to all neces-
       sary actions and resources. For more information about permissions, see
       Using  identity-based  policies  (IAM  policies) in the Amazon Redshift
       Cluster Management Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-cluster-credentials-with-iam
          [--db-name <value>]
          --cluster-identifier <value>
          [--duration-seconds <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-name (string)
          The name of the database for which you are  requesting  credentials.
          If  the database name is specified, the IAM policy must allow access
          to the resource dbname for the specified database name. If the data-
          base name is not specified, access to all databases is allowed.

       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The  unique identifier of the cluster that contains the database for
          which you are requesting credentials.

       --duration-seconds (integer)
          The number of seconds until the returned temporary password expires.

          Range: 900-3600. Default: 900.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DbUser -> (string)
          A  database  user  name that you provide when you connect to a data-
          base. The database user is mapped 1:1 to the source IAM identity.

       DbPassword -> (string)
          A temporary password that you provide when you connect  to  a  data-
          base.

       Expiration -> (timestamp)
          The time (UTC) when the temporary password expires. After this time-
          stamp, a log in with the temporary password fails.

       NextRefreshTime -> (timestamp)
          Reserved for future use.



                                            GET-CLUSTER-CREDENTIALS-WITH-IAM()
