MODIFY-AQUA-CONFIGURATION()                        MODIFY-AQUA-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       modify-aqua-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies whether a cluster can use AQUA (Advanced Query Accelerator).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-aqua-configuration
          --cluster-identifier <value>
          [--aqua-configuration-status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          The identifier of the cluster to be modified.

       --aqua-configuration-status (string)
          The  new value of AQUA configuration status. Possible values include
          the following.

          o enabled - Use AQUA if it is available for the current  Amazon  Web
            Services Region and Amazon Redshift node type.

          o disabled - Don't use AQUA.

          o auto - Amazon Redshift determines whether to use AQUA.

          Possible values:

          o enabled

          o disabled

          o auto

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AquaConfiguration -> (structure)
          The updated AQUA configuration of the cluster.

          AquaStatus -> (string)
              The  value indicates the status of AQUA on the cluster. Possible
              values include the following.

              o enabled - AQUA is enabled.

              o disabled - AQUA is not enabled.

              o applying - AQUA status is being applied.

          AquaConfigurationStatus -> (string)
              The value represents how the cluster is configured to use  AQUA.
              Possible values include the following.

              o enabled  -  Use AQUA if it is available for the current Amazon
                Web Services Region and Amazon Redshift node type.

              o disabled - Don't use AQUA.

              o auto - Amazon Redshift determines whether to use AQUA.



                                                   MODIFY-AQUA-CONFIGURATION()
