MODIFY-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()                MODIFY-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()



NAME
       modify-authentication-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies an authentication profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-authentication-profile
          --authentication-profile-name <value>
          --authentication-profile-content <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-profile-name (string)
          The name of the authentication profile to replace.

       --authentication-profile-content (string)
          The  new  content  of the authentication profile in JSON format. The
          maximum length of the JSON string is determined by a quota for  your
          account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthenticationProfileName -> (string)
          The name of the authentication profile that was replaced.

       AuthenticationProfileContent -> (string)
          The updated content of the authentication profile in JSON format.



                                               MODIFY-AUTHENTICATION-PROFILE()
