MODIFY-CLUSTER-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()          MODIFY-CLUSTER-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()



NAME
       modify-cluster-snapshot-schedule -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies a snapshot schedule for a cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-cluster-snapshot-schedule
          --cluster-identifier <value>
          [--schedule-identifier <value>]
          [--disassociate-schedule | --no-disassociate-schedule]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-identifier (string)
          A unique identifier for the cluster whose snapshot schedule you want
          to modify.

       --schedule-identifier (string)
          A unique alphanumeric identifier for the schedule that you  want  to
          associate with the cluster.

       --disassociate-schedule | --no-disassociate-schedule (boolean)
          A boolean to indicate whether to remove the assoiciation between the
          cluster and the schedule.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To modify cluster snapshot schedule

       The  following  modify-cluster-snapshot-schedule  example  removes  the
       specified snapshot schedule from the specified cluster.

          aws redshift modify-cluster-snapshot-schedule \
              --cluster-identifier mycluster \
              --schedule-identifier mysnapshotschedule \
              --disassociate-schedule

       This command does not produce any output.

       For  more  information,  see Automated Snapshot Schedules in the Amazon
       Redshift Cluster Management Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            MODIFY-CLUSTER-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()
