DEACTIVATE-DEVICE-IDENTIFIER()                  DEACTIVATE-DEVICE-IDENTIFIER()



NAME
       deactivate-device-identifier -

DESCRIPTION
       Deactivates the specified device identifier.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deactivate-device-identifier
          [--client-token <value>]
          --device-identifier-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          Unique,  case-sensitive  identifier  that  you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request. For more information, see How to  ensure
          idempotency .

       --device-identifier-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the device identifier.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       deviceIdentifier -> (structure)
          Information about the device identifier.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The creation time of this device identifier.

          deviceIdentifierArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the device identifier.

          iccid -> (string)
              The Integrated Circuit Card Identifier of the device identifier.

          imsi -> (string)
              The International Mobile Subscriber Identity of the device iden-
              tifier.

          networkArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the network on which the de-
              vice identifier appears.

          orderArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the order used to purchase the
              device identifier.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the device identifier.

          trafficGroupArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the traffic group to which the
              device identifier belongs.

          vendor -> (string)
              The vendor of the device identifier.



                                                DEACTIVATE-DEVICE-IDENTIFIER()
