DELETE-AGENT()                                                  DELETE-AGENT()



NAME
       delete-agent -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an agent. To specify which agent to delete, use the Amazon Re-
       source Name (ARN) of the agent in your request. The operation  disasso-
       ciates  the  agent  from  your Amazon Web Services account. However, it
       doesn't delete the agent virtual machine (VM) from your on-premises en-
       vironment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-agent
          --agent-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --agent-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of  the agent to delete. Use the
          ListAgents operation to return a list of agents for your account and
          Amazon Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-AGENT()
