DESCRIBE-LOCATION-SMB()                                DESCRIBE-LOCATION-SMB()



NAME
       describe-location-smb -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  metadata,  such  as the path and user information about an SMB
       location.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-location-smb
          --location-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SMB location to describe.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LocationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  SMB  location  that  was  de-
          scribed.

       LocationUri -> (string)
          The URL of the source SMB location that was described.

       AgentArns -> (list)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the source SMB file system loca-
          tion that is created.

          (string)

       User -> (string)
          The user who can mount the share,  has  the  permissions  to  access
          files and folders in the SMB share.

       Domain -> (string)
          The name of the Windows domain that the SMB server belongs to.

       MountOptions -> (structure)
          The  mount  options that are available for DataSync to use to access
          an SMB location.

          Version -> (string)
              The specific SMB version that you want DataSync to use to  mount
              your  SMB  share.  If  you don't specify a version, DataSync de-
              faults to AUTOMATIC . That is, DataSync automatically selects  a
              version based on negotiation with the SMB server.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time that the SMB location was created.



                                                       DESCRIBE-LOCATION-SMB()
