DESCRIBE-LOCATION-OBJECT-STORAGE()          DESCRIBE-LOCATION-OBJECT-STORAGE()



NAME
       describe-location-object-storage -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  metadata  about a self-managed object storage server location.
       For more information about self-managed object storage  locations,  see
       Creating a location for object storage .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-location-object-storage
          --location-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the self-managed object storage
          server location that was described.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LocationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  self-managed  object  storage
          server location to describe.

       LocationUri -> (string)
          The  URL  of  the source self-managed object storage server location
          that was described.

       AccessKey -> (string)
          Optional. The access key is used if credentials are required to  ac-
          cess  the self-managed object storage server. If your object storage
          requires a user name and password to authenticate, use AccessKey and
          SecretKey to provide the user name and password, respectively.

       ServerPort -> (integer)
          The  port  that  your self-managed object storage server accepts in-
          bound network traffic on. The server port is set by default  to  TCP
          80 (HTTP) or TCP 443 (HTTPS).

       ServerProtocol -> (string)
          The  protocol  that  the  object storage server uses to communicate.
          Valid values are HTTP or HTTPS.

       AgentArns -> (list)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  agents  associated  with  the
          self-managed object storage server location.

          (string)

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The  time that the self-managed object storage server agent was cre-
          ated.



                                            DESCRIBE-LOCATION-OBJECT-STORAGE()
