DESCRIBE-LOCATION-EFS()                                DESCRIBE-LOCATION-EFS()



NAME
       describe-location-efs -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  metadata, such as the path information about an Amazon EFS lo-
       cation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-location-efs
          --location-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EFS location to describe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LocationArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of the EFS location that was de-
          scribed.

       LocationUri -> (string)
          The URL of the EFS location that was described.

       Ec2Config -> (structure)
          The subnet and the security group that DataSync uses to access  tar-
          get  EFS file system. The subnet must have at least one mount target
          for that file system. The security group that you provide  needs  to
          be  able  to communicate with the security group on the mount target
          in the subnet specified.

          SubnetArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the subnet and the security group that DataSync  uses
              to access the target EFS file system.

          SecurityGroupArns -> (list)
              The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the security groups that are
              configured for the Amazon EC2 resource.

              (string)

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time that the EFS location was created.



                                                       DESCRIBE-LOCATION-EFS()
