DESCRIBE-LOCATION-FSX-WINDOWS()                DESCRIBE-LOCATION-FSX-WINDOWS()



NAME
       describe-location-fsx-windows -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  metadata, such as the path information about an Amazon FSx for
       Windows File Server location.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-location-fsx-windows
          --location-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the FSx for  Windows  File  Server
          location to describe.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LocationArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the FSx for Windows File Server
          location that was described.

       LocationUri -> (string)
          The URL of the FSx for Windows File Server  location  that  was  de-
          scribed.

       SecurityGroupArns -> (list)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Names  (ARNs) of the security groups that are
          configured for the FSx for Windows File Server file system.

          (string)

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time that the FSx for Windows File Server location was created.

       User -> (string)
          The user who has the permissions to access files and folders in  the
          FSx for Windows File Server file system.

       Domain -> (string)
          The  name of the Windows domain that the FSx for Windows File Server
          belongs to.



                                               DESCRIBE-LOCATION-FSX-WINDOWS()
