ACM-PCA()                                                            ACM-PCA()



NAME
       acm-pca -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is the Amazon Web Services Private Certificate Authority API Ref-
       erence . It provides descriptions, syntax, and usage examples for  each
       of  the actions and data types involved in creating and managing a pri-
       vate certificate authority (CA) for your organization.

       The documentation for each action shows the API request parameters  and
       the  JSON  response.  Alternatively,  you can use one of the Amazon Web
       Services SDKs to access an API that is tailored to the programming lan-
       guage or platform that you prefer. For more information, see Amazon Web
       Services SDKs .

       Each Amazon Web Services Private CA API operation has a quota that  de-
       termines  the  number  of times the operation can be called per second.
       Amazon Web Services Private CA  throttles  API  requests  at  different
       rates depending on the operation. Throttling means that Amazon Web Ser-
       vices Private CA rejects an otherwise valid request because the request
       exceeds  the  operation's  quota for the number of requests per second.
       When a request is throttled, Amazon Web Services Private CA  returns  a
       ThrottlingException  error.  Amazon  Web  Services  Private CA does not
       guarantee a minimum request rate for APIs.

       To see an up-to-date list of your Amazon Web Services Private  CA  quo-
       tas,  or to request a quota increase, log into your Amazon Web Services
       account and visit the Service Quotas console.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-certificate-authority

       o create-certificate-authority-audit-report

       o create-permission

       o delete-certificate-authority

       o delete-permission

       o delete-policy

       o describe-certificate-authority

       o describe-certificate-authority-audit-report

       o get-certificate

       o get-certificate-authority-certificate

       o get-certificate-authority-csr

       o get-policy

       o help

       o import-certificate-authority-certificate

       o issue-certificate

       o list-certificate-authorities

       o list-permissions

       o list-tags

       o put-policy

       o restore-certificate-authority

       o revoke-certificate

       o tag-certificate-authority

       o untag-certificate-authority

       o update-certificate-authority

       o wait



                                                                     ACM-PCA()
