ARC-ZONAL-SHIFT()                                            ARC-ZONAL-SHIFT()



NAME
       arc-zonal-shift -

DESCRIPTION
       Welcome  to the API Reference Guide for zonal shift and zonal autoshift
       in Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller (Route 53 ARC).

       You can start a zonal shift to move traffic for  a  load  balancer  re-
       source  away from an Availability Zone to help your application recover
       quickly from an impairment in an Availability Zone.  For  example,  you
       can  recover your application from a developer's bad code deployment or
       from an Amazon Web Services infrastructure failure in a  single  Avail-
       ability Zone.

       You  can also configure zonal autoshift for supported load balancer re-
       sources. Zonal autoshift is a capability in Route 53 ARC where you  au-
       thorize  Amazon Web Services to shift away application resource traffic
       from an Availability Zone during events, on your behalf, to help reduce
       your time to recovery. Amazon Web Services starts an autoshift when in-
       ternal telemetry indicates that there is an Availability  Zone  impair-
       ment that could potentially impact customers.

       To  help  make  sure that zonal autoshift is safe for your application,
       you must also configure practice runs when you enable  zonal  autoshift
       for a resource. Practice runs start weekly zonal shifts for a resource,
       to shift traffic for the resource away from an Availability Zone. Prac-
       tice  runs  help  you  to  make sure, on a regular basis, that you have
       enough capacity in all the Availability Zones in an Amazon Web Services
       Region  for your application to continue to operate normally when traf-
       fic for a resource is shifted away from one Availability Zone.

       WARNING:
          Before you configure practice runs or  enable  zonal  autoshift,  we
          strongly  recommend  that you prescale your application resource ca-
          pacity in all Availability Zones in the Region where  your  applica-
          tion  resources  are deployed. You should not rely on scaling on de-
          mand when an autoshift or practice run starts. Zonal autoshift,  in-
          cluding  practice  runs,  works independently, and does not wait for
          auto scaling actions to complete. Relying on auto  scaling,  instead
          of pre-scaling, can result in loss of availability.

          If  you  use  auto  scaling  to handle regular cycles of traffic, we
          strongly recommend that you configure the minimum capacity  of  your
          auto  scaling  to  continue  operating  normally with the loss of an
          Availability Zone.

       Be aware that Route 53 ARC does not inspect the  health  of  individual
       resources. Amazon Web Services only starts an autoshift when Amazon Web
       Services telemetry detects that there is an Availability  Zone  impair-
       ment  that could potentially impact customers. In some cases, resources
       might be shifted away that are not experiencing impact.

       For more information about using zonal shift and zonal  autoshift,  see
       the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o cancel-zonal-shift

       o create-practice-run-configuration

       o delete-practice-run-configuration

       o get-autoshift-observer-notification-status

       o get-managed-resource

       o help

       o list-autoshifts

       o list-managed-resources

       o list-zonal-shifts

       o start-zonal-shift

       o update-autoshift-observer-notification-status

       o update-practice-run-configuration

       o update-zonal-autoshift-configuration

       o update-zonal-shift



                                                             ARC-ZONAL-SHIFT()
