BUDGETS()                                                            BUDGETS()



NAME
       budgets -

DESCRIPTION
       The AWS Budgets API enables you to use AWS Budgets to plan your service
       usage, service costs, and instance reservations. The API reference pro-
       vides  descriptions, syntax, and usage examples for each of the actions
       and data types for AWS Budgets.

       Budgets provide you with a way to see the following information:

       o How close your plan is to your budgeted amount or to  the  free  tier
         limits

       o Your  usage-to-date,  including how much you've used of your Reserved
         Instances (RIs)

       o Your current estimated charges from AWS, and how much your  predicted
         usage will accrue in charges by the end of the month

       o How much of your budget has been used

       AWS  updates your budget status several times a day. Budgets track your
       unblended costs, subscriptions, refunds, and RIs. You  can  create  the
       following types of budgets:

       o Cost budgets - Plan how much you want to spend on a service.

       o Usage budgets - Plan how much you want to use one or more services.

       o RI  utilization budgets - Define a utilization threshold, and receive
         alerts when your RI usage falls below that threshold. This  lets  you
         see if your RIs are unused or under-utilized.

       o RI coverage budgets - Define a coverage threshold, and receive alerts
         when the number of your instance hours that are covered by  RIs  fall
         below that threshold. This lets you see how much of your instance us-
         age is covered by a reservation.

       Service Endpoint

       The AWS Budgets API provides the following endpoint:

       o https://budgets.amazonaws.com

       For information about costs that are associated with  the  AWS  Budgets
       API, see AWS Cost Management Pricing .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-budget

       o create-budget-action

       o create-notification

       o create-subscriber

       o delete-budget

       o delete-budget-action

       o delete-notification

       o delete-subscriber

       o describe-budget

       o describe-budget-action

       o describe-budget-action-histories

       o describe-budget-actions-for-account

       o describe-budget-actions-for-budget

       o describe-budget-performance-history

       o describe-budgets

       o describe-notifications-for-budget

       o describe-subscribers-for-notification

       o execute-budget-action

       o help

       o update-budget

       o update-budget-action

       o update-notification

       o update-subscriber



                                                                     BUDGETS()
