CHIME()                                                                CHIME()



NAME
       chime -

DESCRIPTION
       WARNING:
              Most  of  these APIs are no longer supported and will not be up-
              dated. We recommend using the  latest  versions  in  the  Amazon
              Chime SDK API reference , in the Amazon Chime SDK.

          Using  the  latest  versions  requires  migrating to dedicated name-
          spaces. For more information, refer to  Migrating  from  the  Amazon
          Chime namespace in the Amazon Chime SDK Developer Guide .

       The Amazon Chime application programming interface (API) is designed so
       administrators can perform key tasks, such  as  creating  and  managing
       Amazon Chime accounts, users, and Voice Connectors. This guide provides
       detailed information about the Amazon Chime API, including  operations,
       types, inputs and outputs, and error codes.

       You  can  use  an AWS SDK, the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI), or
       the REST API to make API calls for Amazon Chime. We recommend using  an
       AWS  SDK  or  the  AWS CLI. The page for each API action contains a See
       Also section that includes links to information about using the  action
       with a language-specific AWS SDK or the AWS CLI.
          Using an AWS SDK

       You  don't  need to write code to calculate a signature for request au-
       thentication. The SDK clients authenticate your requests by  using  ac-
       cess  keys  that  you provide. For more information about AWS SDKs, see
       the AWS Developer Center .
          Using the AWS CLI

       Use your access keys with the AWS CLI to make API calls.  For  informa-
       tion  about setting up the AWS CLI, see Installing the AWS Command Line
       Interface in the AWS Command Line Interface User Guide . For a list  of
       available  Amazon  Chime commands, see the Amazon Chime commands in the
       AWS CLI Command Reference .
          Using REST APIs

       If you use REST to make API calls, you must authenticate  your  request
       by  providing  a  signature. Amazon Chime supports Signature Version 4.
       For more information, see Signature Version 4 Signing  Process  in  the
       Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       When  making  REST  API calls, use the service name chime and REST end-
       point https://service.chime.aws.amazon.com .

       Administrative permissions are controlled using AWS Identity and Access
       Management (IAM). For more information, see Identity and Access Manage-
       ment for Amazon Chime in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-phone-number-with-user

       o associate-signin-delegate-groups-with-account

       o batch-create-room-membership

       o batch-delete-phone-number

       o batch-suspend-user

       o batch-unsuspend-user

       o batch-update-phone-number

       o batch-update-user

       o create-account

       o create-bot

       o create-meeting-dial-out

       o create-phone-number-order

       o create-room

       o create-room-membership

       o create-user

       o delete-account

       o delete-events-configuration

       o delete-phone-number

       o delete-room

       o delete-room-membership

       o disassociate-phone-number-from-user

       o disassociate-signin-delegate-groups-from-account

       o get-account

       o get-account-settings

       o get-bot

       o get-events-configuration

       o get-global-settings

       o get-phone-number

       o get-phone-number-order

       o get-phone-number-settings

       o get-retention-settings

       o get-room

       o get-user

       o get-user-settings

       o help

       o invite-users

       o list-accounts

       o list-bots

       o list-phone-number-orders

       o list-phone-numbers

       o list-room-memberships

       o list-rooms

       o list-supported-phone-number-countries

       o list-users

       o logout-user

       o put-events-configuration

       o put-retention-settings

       o redact-conversation-message

       o redact-room-message

       o regenerate-security-token

       o reset-personal-pin

       o restore-phone-number

       o search-available-phone-numbers

       o update-account

       o update-account-settings

       o update-bot

       o update-global-settings

       o update-phone-number

       o update-phone-number-settings

       o update-room

       o update-room-membership

       o update-user

       o update-user-settings



                                                                       CHIME()
