DATAPIPELINE()                                                  DATAPIPELINE()



NAME
       datapipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Data Pipeline configures and manages a data-driven workflow called
       a pipeline. AWS Data Pipeline handles the details of scheduling and en-
       suring  that data dependencies are met so that your application can fo-
       cus on processing the data.

       AWS Data Pipeline provides a JAR implementation of a task runner called
       AWS  Data  Pipeline Task Runner. AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner provides
       logic for common data management scenarios, such as performing database
       queries  and running data analysis using Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Ama-
       zon EMR). You can use AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner as your  task  run-
       ner,  or you can write your own task runner to provide custom data man-
       agement.

       AWS Data Pipeline implements two main sets of  functionality.  Use  the
       first  set to create a pipeline and define data sources, schedules, de-
       pendencies, and the transforms to be performed on  the  data.  Use  the
       second  set  in  your  task runner application to receive the next task
       ready for processing. The logic for performing the task, such as query-
       ing  the  data,  running data analysis, or converting the data from one
       format to another, is contained within the task runner. The task runner
       performs the task assigned to it by the web service, reporting progress
       to the web service as it does so. When the task is done, the task  run-
       ner  reports  the  final success or failure of the task to the web ser-
       vice.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o activate-pipeline

       o add-tags

       o create-pipeline

       o deactivate-pipeline

       o delete-pipeline

       o describe-objects

       o describe-pipelines

       o evaluate-expression

       o get-pipeline-definition

       o help

       o list-pipelines

       o list-runs

       o poll-for-task

       o put-pipeline-definition

       o query-objects

       o remove-tags

       o report-task-progress

       o report-task-runner-heartbeat

       o set-status

       o set-task-status

       o validate-pipeline-definition



                                                                DATAPIPELINE()
