DATAEXCHANGE()                                                  DATAEXCHANGE()



NAME
       dataexchange -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Data Exchange is a service that makes it easy for AWS customers to
       exchange data in the cloud. You can use the AWS Data Exchange  APIs  to
       create,  update,  manage,  and  access  file-based  data set in the AWS
       Cloud.

       As a subscriber, you can view and access the data sets that you have an
       entitlement to through a subscription. You can use the APIs to download
       or copy your entitled data sets to Amazon Simple Storage Service  (Ama-
       zon  S3) for use across a variety of AWS analytics and machine learning
       services.

       As a provider, you can create and manage your data sets that you  would
       like  to  publish  to a product. Being able to package and provide your
       data sets into products requires a few steps to determine  eligibility.
       For more information, visit the AWS Data Exchange User Guide .

       A  data set is a collection of data that can be changed or updated over
       time. Data sets can be updated using revisions, which represent  a  new
       version or incremental change to a data set. A revision contains one or
       more assets. An asset in AWS Data Exchange is a piece of data that  can
       be  stored as an Amazon S3 object, Redshift datashare, API Gateway API,
       AWS Lake Formation data permission, or Amazon S3 data access. The asset
       can  be a structured data file, an image file, or some other data file.
       Jobs are asynchronous import or export operations  used  to  create  or
       copy assets.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o cancel-job

       o create-data-set

       o create-event-action

       o create-job

       o create-revision

       o delete-asset

       o delete-data-set

       o delete-event-action

       o delete-revision

       o get-asset

       o get-data-set

       o get-event-action

       o get-job

       o get-revision

       o help

       o list-data-set-revisions

       o list-data-sets

       o list-event-actions

       o list-jobs

       o list-revision-assets

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o revoke-revision

       o send-api-asset

       o send-data-set-notification

       o start-job

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-asset

       o update-data-set

       o update-event-action

       o update-revision



                                                                DATAEXCHANGE()
