DETECTIVE()                                                        DETECTIVE()



NAME
       detective -

DESCRIPTION
       Detective  uses  machine  learning  and purpose-built visualizations to
       help you to analyze and investigate security issues across your  Amazon
       Web  Services  (Amazon Web Services) workloads. Detective automatically
       extracts time-based events such as login attempts, API calls, and  net-
       work  traffic  from CloudTrail and Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon
       VPC) flow logs. It also extracts findings detected by Amazon GuardDuty.

       The Detective API primarily supports the creation and management of be-
       havior  graphs. A behavior graph contains the extracted data from a set
       of member accounts, and is created and managed by an administrator  ac-
       count.

       To  add  a  member account to the behavior graph, the administrator ac-
       count sends an invitation to the account. When the account accepts  the
       invitation, it becomes a member account in the behavior graph.

       Detective  is also integrated with Organizations. The organization man-
       agement account designates the Detective administrator account for  the
       organization.  That  account  becomes the administrator account for the
       organization behavior graph. The  Detective  administrator  account  is
       also  the  delegated  administrator  account for Detective in Organiza-
       tions.

       The Detective administrator account can enable any organization account
       as  a  member account in the organization behavior graph. The organiza-
       tion accounts do not receive invitations. The  Detective  administrator
       account  can  also  invite  other accounts to the organization behavior
       graph.

       Every behavior graph is specific to a Region. You can only use the  API
       to  manage behavior graphs that belong to the Region that is associated
       with the currently selected endpoint.

       The administrator account for a behavior graph can  use  the  Detective
       API to do the following:

       o Enable and disable Detective. Enabling Detective creates a new behav-
         ior graph.

       o View the list of member accounts in a behavior graph.

       o Add member accounts to a behavior graph.

       o Remove member accounts from a behavior graph.

       o Apply tags to a behavior graph.

       The organization management account can use the Detective API to select
       the delegated administrator for Detective.

       The Detective administrator account for an organization can use the De-
       tective API to do the following:

       o Perform all of the functions of an administrator account.

       o Determine whether to automatically enable new  organization  accounts
         as member accounts in the organization behavior graph.

       An  invited  member account can use the Detective API to do the follow-
       ing:

       o View the list of behavior graphs that they are invited to.

       o Accept an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.

       o Decline an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.

       o Remove their account from a behavior graph.

       All API actions are logged as CloudTrail events. See Logging  Detective
       API Calls with CloudTrail .

       NOTE:
          We  replaced  the term "master account" with the term "administrator
          account." An administrator account is used to centrally manage  mul-
          tiple  accounts. In the case of Detective, the administrator account
          manages the accounts in their behavior graph.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-invitation

       o batch-get-graph-member-datasources

       o batch-get-membership-datasources

       o create-graph

       o create-members

       o delete-graph

       o delete-members

       o describe-organization-configuration

       o disable-organization-admin-account

       o disassociate-membership

       o enable-organization-admin-account

       o get-investigation

       o get-members

       o help

       o list-datasource-packages

       o list-graphs

       o list-indicators

       o list-investigations

       o list-invitations

       o list-members

       o list-organization-admin-accounts

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o reject-invitation

       o start-investigation

       o start-monitoring-member

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-datasource-packages

       o update-investigation-state

       o update-organization-configuration



                                                                   DETECTIVE()
