DISCOVERY()                                                        DISCOVERY()



NAME
       discovery -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Application Discovery Service helps you plan application migration
       projects. It automatically identifies servers, virtual machines  (VMs),
       and network dependencies in your on-premises data centers. For more in-
       formation, see the AWS Application Discovery Service FAQ .  Application
       Discovery  Service  offers  three ways of performing discovery and col-
       lecting data about your on-premises servers:

       o Agentless discovery is recommended for environments that  use  VMware
         vCenter  Server. This mode doesn't require you to install an agent on
         each host. It does not work in non-VMware environments.

         o Agentless discovery gathers server information  regardless  of  the
           operating  systems,  which  minimizes the time required for initial
           on-premises infrastructure assessment.

         o Agentless discovery doesn't collect information about  network  de-
           pendencies, only agent-based discovery collects that information.

       o Agent-based  discovery  collects  a richer set of data than agentless
         discovery by using the AWS Application Discovery Agent, which you in-
         stall on one or more hosts in your data center.

         o The  agent captures infrastructure and application information, in-
           cluding an inventory of running processes, system  performance  in-
           formation, resource utilization, and network dependencies.

         o The information collected by agents is secured at rest and in tran-
           sit to the Application Discovery Service database in the cloud.

       o AWS Partner Network (APN) solutions integrate with  Application  Dis-
         covery  Service,  enabling  you to import details of your on-premises
         environment directly into Migration Hub without using  the  discovery
         connector or discovery agent.

         o Third-party  application  discovery tools can query AWS Application
           Discovery Service, and they can write to the Application  Discovery
           Service database using the public API.

         o In this way, you can import data into Migration Hub and view it, so
           that you can associate applications with servers and  track  migra-
           tions.
          Recommendations

       We recommend that you use agent-based discovery for non-VMware environ-
       ments, and whenever you want to collect information about  network  de-
       pendencies.  You can run agent-based and agentless discovery simultane-
       ously. Use agentless discovery to complete the  initial  infrastructure
       assessment  quickly, and then install agents on select hosts to collect
       additional information.
          Working With This Guide

       This API reference provides descriptions, syntax,  and  usage  examples
       for  each  of the actions and data types for Application Discovery Ser-
       vice. The topic for each action shows the API  request  parameters  and
       the  response. Alternatively, you can use one of the AWS SDKs to access
       an API that is tailored to the programming language  or  platform  that
       you're using. For more information, see AWS SDKs .

       NOTE:

          o Remember  that  you must set your Migration Hub home region before
            you call any of these APIs.

          o You must make API calls for write actions (create,  notify,  asso-
            ciate, disassociate, import, or put) while in your home region, or
            a HomeRegionNotSetException error is returned.

          o API calls for read actions (list, describe, stop, and delete)  are
            permitted outside of your home region.

          o Although  it  is  unlikely,  the  Migration  Hub home region could
            change. If you call APIs outside the home region, an  InvalidInpu-
            tException is returned.

          o You  must  call  GetHomeRegion  to obtain the latest Migration Hub
            home region.

       This guide is intended for use with the AWS Application Discovery  Ser-
       vice User Guide .

       WARNING:
          All  data  is  handled according to the AWS Privacy Policy . You can
          operate Application Discovery Service offline to  inspect  collected
          data before it is shared with the service.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-configuration-items-to-application

       o batch-delete-import-data

       o create-application

       o create-tags

       o delete-applications

       o delete-tags

       o describe-agents

       o describe-configurations

       o describe-continuous-exports

       o describe-export-tasks

       o describe-import-tasks

       o describe-tags

       o disassociate-configuration-items-from-application

       o get-discovery-summary

       o help

       o list-configurations

       o list-server-neighbors

       o start-continuous-export

       o start-data-collection-by-agent-ids

       o start-export-task

       o start-import-task

       o stop-continuous-export

       o stop-data-collection-by-agent-ids

       o update-application



                                                                   DISCOVERY()
