EBS()                                                                    EBS()



NAME
       ebs -

DESCRIPTION
       You  can use the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) direct APIs to
       create Amazon EBS snapshots, write data  directly  to  your  snapshots,
       read  data  on  your snapshots, and identify the differences or changes
       between two snapshots. If youre an independent  software  vendor  (ISV)
       who  offers backup services for Amazon EBS, the EBS direct APIs make it
       more efficient and cost-effective to track incremental changes on  your
       Amazon  EBS  volumes through snapshots. This can be done without having
       to create new volumes from snapshots, and then use Amazon Elastic  Com-
       pute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances to compare the differences.

       You  can  create  incremental  snapshots directly from data on-premises
       into volumes and the cloud to use for quick disaster recovery. With the
       ability  to  write  and  read snapshots, you can write your on-premises
       data to an snapshot during a disaster. Then after recovery, you can re-
       store  it back to Amazon Web Services or on-premises from the snapshot.
       You no longer need to build and maintain  complex  mechanisms  to  copy
       data to and from Amazon EBS.

       This  API  reference  provides  detailed information about the actions,
       data types, parameters, and errors of the EBS direct APIs. For more in-
       formation  about the elements that make up the EBS direct APIs, and ex-
       amples of how to use them effectively, see Accessing the Contents of an
       Amazon  EBS  Snapshot  in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .
       For more information about the supported Amazon Web  Services  Regions,
       endpoints, and service quotas for the EBS direct APIs, see Amazon Elas-
       tic Block Store Endpoints and Quotas in the Amazon Web Services General
       Reference .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o complete-snapshot

       o get-snapshot-block

       o help

       o list-changed-blocks

       o list-snapshot-blocks

       o put-snapshot-block

       o start-snapshot



                                                                         EBS()
