ELB()                                                                    ELB()



NAME
       elb -

DESCRIPTION
       A  load  balancer  can  distribute incoming traffic across your EC2 in-
       stances. This enables you to increase the availability of your applica-
       tion.  The load balancer also monitors the health of its registered in-
       stances and ensures that it routes traffic only to  healthy  instances.
       You configure your load balancer to accept incoming traffic by specify-
       ing one or more listeners, which are configured  with  a  protocol  and
       port  number  for  connections  from clients to the load balancer and a
       protocol and port number for connections from the load balancer to  the
       instances.

       Elastic Load Balancing supports three types of load balancers: Applica-
       tion Load Balancers, Network Load  Balancers,  and  Classic  Load  Bal-
       ancers. You can select a load balancer based on your application needs.
       For more information, see the Elastic Load Balancing User Guide .

       This reference covers the 2012-06-01 API, which supports  Classic  Load
       Balancers.  The  2015-12-01 API supports Application Load Balancers and
       Network Load Balancers.

       To get started, create a load balancer with one or more listeners using
       CreateLoadBalancer . Register your instances with the load balancer us-
       ing  RegisterInstancesWithLoadBalancer .

       All Elastic Load Balancing operations are idempotent , which means that
       they complete at most one time. If you repeat an operation, it succeeds
       with a 200 OK response code.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-tags

       o apply-security-groups-to-load-balancer

       o attach-load-balancer-to-subnets

       o configure-health-check

       o create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy

       o create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy

       o create-load-balancer

       o create-load-balancer-listeners

       o create-load-balancer-policy

       o delete-load-balancer

       o delete-load-balancer-listeners

       o delete-load-balancer-policy

       o deregister-instances-from-load-balancer

       o describe-account-limits

       o describe-instance-health

       o describe-load-balancer-attributes

       o describe-load-balancer-policies

       o describe-load-balancer-policy-types

       o describe-load-balancers

       o describe-tags

       o detach-load-balancer-from-subnets

       o disable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer

       o enable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer

       o help

       o modify-load-balancer-attributes

       o register-instances-with-load-balancer

       o remove-tags

       o set-load-balancer-listener-ssl-certificate

       o set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server

       o set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener

       o wait



                                                                         ELB()
