ELBV2()                                                                ELBV2()



NAME
       elbv2 -

DESCRIPTION
       A  load  balancer  distributes incoming traffic across targets, such as
       your EC2 instances. This enables you to increase  the  availability  of
       your  application.  The  load  balancer also monitors the health of its
       registered targets and ensures that it routes traffic only  to  healthy
       targets. You configure your load balancer to accept incoming traffic by
       specifying one or more listeners, which are configured with a  protocol
       and  port number for connections from clients to the load balancer. You
       configure a target group with a protocol and port  number  for  connec-
       tions from the load balancer to the targets, and with health check set-
       tings to be used when checking the health status of the targets.

       Elastic Load Balancing supports the following types of load  balancers:
       Application  Load  Balancers, Network Load Balancers, Gateway Load Bal-
       ancers, and Classic Load Balancers. This reference covers the following
       load balancer types:

       o Application  Load Balancer - Operates at the application layer (layer
         7) and supports HTTP and HTTPS.

       o Network Load Balancer - Operates at the transport layer (layer 4) and
         supports TCP, TLS, and UDP.

       o Gateway Load Balancer - Operates at the network layer (layer 3).

       For more information, see the Elastic Load Balancing User Guide .

       All  Elastic Load Balancing operations are idempotent, which means that
       they complete at most one time. If you repeat  an  operation,  it  suc-
       ceeds.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-listener-certificates

       o add-tags

       o create-listener

       o create-load-balancer

       o create-rule

       o create-target-group

       o delete-listener

       o delete-load-balancer

       o delete-rule

       o delete-target-group

       o deregister-targets

       o describe-account-limits

       o describe-listener-certificates

       o describe-listeners

       o describe-load-balancer-attributes

       o describe-load-balancers

       o describe-rules

       o describe-ssl-policies

       o describe-tags

       o describe-target-group-attributes

       o describe-target-groups

       o describe-target-health

       o help

       o modify-listener

       o modify-load-balancer-attributes

       o modify-rule

       o modify-target-group

       o modify-target-group-attributes

       o register-targets

       o remove-listener-certificates

       o remove-tags

       o set-ip-address-type

       o set-rule-priorities

       o set-security-groups

       o set-subnets

       o wait



                                                                       ELBV2()
