GLACIER()                                                            GLACIER()



NAME
       glacier -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon S3 Glacier (Glacier) is a storage solution for "cold data."

       Glacier  is an extremely low-cost storage service that provides secure,
       durable, and easy-to-use storage for data  backup  and  archival.  With
       Glacier,  customers  can  store their data cost effectively for months,
       years, or decades. Glacier also enables customers to offload the admin-
       istrative  burdens  of  operating  and  scaling storage to AWS, so they
       don't have to worry about  capacity  planning,  hardware  provisioning,
       data  replication,  hardware  failure  and  recovery, or time-consuming
       hardware migrations.

       Glacier is a great storage choice when low storage  cost  is  paramount
       and your data is rarely retrieved. If your application requires fast or
       frequent access to your data, consider using Amazon S3. For more infor-
       mation, see Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) .

       You can store any kind of data in any format. There is no maximum limit
       on the total amount of data you can store in Glacier.

       If you are a first-time user of Glacier, we recommend that you begin by
       reading the following sections in the Amazon S3 Glacier Developer Guide
       :

       o What is Amazon S3 Glacier - This section of the Developer  Guide  de-
         scribes  the  underlying  data model, the operations it supports, and
         the AWS SDKs that you can use to interact with the service.

       o Getting Started with Amazon S3 Glacier - The Getting Started  section
         walks  you  through  the  process  of creating a vault, uploading ar-
         chives, creating jobs to download archives, retrieving the  job  out-
         put, and deleting archives.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o abort-multipart-upload

       o abort-vault-lock

       o add-tags-to-vault

       o complete-multipart-upload

       o complete-vault-lock

       o create-vault

       o delete-archive

       o delete-vault

       o delete-vault-access-policy

       o delete-vault-notifications

       o describe-job

       o describe-vault

       o get-data-retrieval-policy

       o get-job-output

       o get-vault-access-policy

       o get-vault-lock

       o get-vault-notifications

       o help

       o initiate-job

       o initiate-multipart-upload

       o initiate-vault-lock

       o list-jobs

       o list-multipart-uploads

       o list-parts

       o list-provisioned-capacity

       o list-tags-for-vault

       o list-vaults

       o purchase-provisioned-capacity

       o remove-tags-from-vault

       o set-data-retrieval-policy

       o set-vault-access-policy

       o set-vault-notifications

       o upload-archive

       o upload-multipart-part

       o wait



                                                                     GLACIER()
