GLOBALACCELERATOR()                                        GLOBALACCELERATOR()



NAME
       globalaccelerator -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is  the  AWS Global Accelerator API Reference . This guide is for
       developers who need detailed information about AWS  Global  Accelerator
       API  actions, data types, and errors. For more information about Global
       Accelerator features, see the AWS Global Accelerator Developer Guide .

       AWS Global Accelerator is a service in which you create accelerators to
       improve  the  performance  of  your  applications  for local and global
       users. Depending on the type of accelerator you choose,  you  can  gain
       additional benefits.

       o By using a standard accelerator, you can improve availability of your
         internet applications that are used by  a  global  audience.  With  a
         standard  accelerator,  Global Accelerator directs traffic to optimal
         endpoints over the AWS global network.

       o For other scenarios, you might choose a custom  routing  accelerator.
         With  a  custom routing accelerator, you can use application logic to
         directly map one or more users to a specific endpoint among many end-
         points.

       WARNING:
          Global  Accelerator  is  a global service that supports endpoints in
          multiple AWS Regions but you must specify the US West  (Oregon)  Re-
          gion to create or update accelerators.

       By  default,  Global  Accelerator  provides  you with two static IP ad-
       dresses that you associate with your accelerator. With a  standard  ac-
       celerator,  instead  of  using the IP addresses that Global Accelerator
       provides, you can configure these entry points  to  be  IPv4  addresses
       from  your  own IP address ranges that you bring to Global Accelerator.
       The static IP addresses are anycast from the AWS edge  network.  For  a
       standard  accelerator,  they  distribute  incoming  application traffic
       across multiple endpoint resources in multiple AWS Regions,  which  in-
       creases  the  availability of your applications. Endpoints for standard
       accelerators can be Network Load Balancers, Application Load Balancers,
       Amazon  EC2  instances, or Elastic IP addresses that are located in one
       AWS Region or multiple Regions. For custom  routing  accelerators,  you
       map  traffic that arrives to the static IP addresses to specific Amazon
       EC2 servers in endpoints that are virtual private cloud (VPC) subnets.

       WARNING:
          The static IP addresses remain assigned to your accelerator  for  as
          long  as  it  exists,  even if you disable the accelerator and it no
          longer accepts or routes traffic. However, when you delete an accel-
          erator, you lose the static IP addresses that are assigned to it, so
          you can no longer route traffic by using them. You can use IAM poli-
          cies like tag-based permissions with Global Accelerator to limit the
          users who have permissions to delete an accelerator. For more infor-
          mation, see Tag-based policies .

       For  standard accelerators, Global Accelerator uses the AWS global net-
       work to route traffic to the optimal regional endpoint based on health,
       client  location,  and  policies that you configure. The service reacts
       instantly to changes in health or configuration to ensure that internet
       traffic from clients is always directed to healthy endpoints.

       For  a  list of the AWS Regions where Global Accelerator and other ser-
       vices are currently supported, see the AWS Region Table .

       AWS Global Accelerator includes the following components:
          Static IP addresses

       Global Accelerator provides you with a set of two static  IP  addresses
       that  are  anycast  from the AWS edge network. If you bring your own IP
       address range to AWS (BYOIP) to use with a  standard  accelerator,  you
       can instead assign IP addresses from your own pool to use with your ac-
       celerator. For more information, see Bring your own IP  addresses  (BY-
       OIP) in AWS Global Accelerator .

       The  IP  addresses serve as single fixed entry points for your clients.
       If you already have Elastic Load Balancing load balancers,  Amazon  EC2
       instances,  or  Elastic  IP  address resources set up for your applica-
       tions, you can easily add those to a standard accelerator in Global Ac-
       celerator. This allows Global Accelerator to use static IP addresses to
       access the resources.

       The static IP addresses remain assigned to your accelerator for as long
       as  it exists, even if you disable the accelerator and it no longer ac-
       cepts or routes traffic. However, when you delete an  accelerator,  you
       lose  the  static  IP  addresses that are assigned to it, so you can no
       longer route traffic by using them.  You  can  use  IAM  policies  like
       tag-based permissions with Global Accelerator to delete an accelerator.
       For more information, see Tag-based policies .
          Accelerator

       An accelerator directs traffic to endpoints over the AWS global network
       to improve the performance of your internet applications. Each acceler-
       ator includes one or more listeners.

       There are two types of accelerators:

       o A standard accelerator directs traffic to the  optimal  AWS  endpoint
         based on several factors, including the users location, the health of
         the endpoint, and the endpoint weights that you configure.  This  im-
         proves  the  availability  and performance of your applications. End-
         points can be Network Load  Balancers,  Application  Load  Balancers,
         Amazon EC2 instances, or Elastic IP addresses.

       o A custom routing accelerator directs traffic to one of possibly thou-
         sands of Amazon EC2 instances running in a single or multiple virtual
         private clouds (VPCs). With custom routing, listener ports are mapped
         to statically associate port ranges with VPC  subnets,  which  allows
         Global  Accelerator  to  determine  an EC2 instance IP address at the
         time of connection. By default, all port mapping  destinations  in  a
         VPC  subnet  can't  receive  traffic. You can choose to configure all
         destinations in the subnet to receive traffic, or to specify individ-
         ual port mappings that can receive traffic.

       For more information, see Types of accelerators .
          DNS name

       Global  Accelerator assigns each accelerator a default Domain Name Sys-
       tem (DNS) name, similar to a1234567890abcdef.awsglobalaccelerator.com ,
       that  points to the static IP addresses that Global Accelerator assigns
       to you or that you choose from your own IP address range. Depending  on
       the use case, you can use your accelerator's static IP addresses or DNS
       name to route traffic to your accelerator, or set  up  DNS  records  to
       route traffic using your own custom domain name.
          Network zone

       A  network  zone  services the static IP addresses for your accelerator
       from a unique IP subnet. Similar to an AWS Availability Zone, a network
       zone  is  an isolated unit with its own set of physical infrastructure.
       When you configure an accelerator, by default, Global Accelerator allo-
       cates  two IPv4 addresses for it. If one IP address from a network zone
       becomes unavailable due to IP address blocking by certain  client  net-
       works,  or  network  disruptions, then client applications can retry on
       the healthy static IP address from the other isolated network zone.
          Listener

       A listener processes inbound connections from clients to Global  Accel-
       erator,  based  on the port (or port range) and protocol (or protocols)
       that you configure. A listener can be configured for TCP, UDP, or  both
       TCP  and  UDP  protocols. Each listener has one or more endpoint groups
       associated with it, and traffic is forwarded to endpoints in one of the
       groups.  You associate endpoint groups with listeners by specifying the
       Regions that you want to distribute traffic to. With a standard  accel-
       erator, traffic is distributed to optimal endpoints within the endpoint
       groups associated with a listener.
          Endpoint group

       Each endpoint group is associated with a specific AWS Region.  Endpoint
       groups include one or more endpoints in the Region. With a standard ac-
       celerator, you can increase or reduce the percentage  of  traffic  that
       would be otherwise directed to an endpoint group by adjusting a setting
       called a traffic dial . The traffic dial lets you easily do performance
       testing or blue/green deployment testing, for example, for new releases
       across different AWS Regions.
          Endpoint

       An endpoint is a resource that Global Accelerator directs traffic to.

       Endpoints for standard accelerators can be Network Load Balancers,  Ap-
       plication  Load  Balancers,  Amazon  EC2  instances,  or Elastic IP ad-
       dresses. An Application Load Balancer endpoint can  be  internet-facing
       or  internal.  Traffic for standard accelerators is routed to endpoints
       based on the health of the endpoint along  with  configuration  options
       that  you  choose, such as endpoint weights. For each endpoint, you can
       configure weights, which are numbers that you can use  to  specify  the
       proportion of traffic to route to each one. This can be useful, for ex-
       ample, to do performance testing within a Region.

       Endpoints for custom routing accelerators  are  virtual  private  cloud
       (VPC) subnets with one or many EC2 instances.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-custom-routing-endpoints

       o advertise-byoip-cidr

       o allow-custom-routing-traffic

       o create-accelerator

       o create-custom-routing-accelerator

       o create-custom-routing-endpoint-group

       o create-custom-routing-listener

       o create-endpoint-group

       o create-listener

       o delete-accelerator

       o delete-custom-routing-accelerator

       o delete-custom-routing-endpoint-group

       o delete-custom-routing-listener

       o delete-endpoint-group

       o delete-listener

       o deny-custom-routing-traffic

       o deprovision-byoip-cidr

       o describe-accelerator

       o describe-accelerator-attributes

       o describe-custom-routing-accelerator

       o describe-custom-routing-accelerator-attributes

       o describe-custom-routing-endpoint-group

       o describe-custom-routing-listener

       o describe-endpoint-group

       o describe-listener

       o help

       o list-accelerators

       o list-byoip-cidrs

       o list-custom-routing-accelerators

       o list-custom-routing-endpoint-groups

       o list-custom-routing-listeners

       o list-custom-routing-port-mappings

       o list-custom-routing-port-mappings-by-destination

       o list-endpoint-groups

       o list-listeners

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o provision-byoip-cidr

       o remove-custom-routing-endpoints

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-accelerator

       o update-accelerator-attributes

       o update-custom-routing-accelerator

       o update-custom-routing-accelerator-attributes

       o update-custom-routing-listener

       o update-endpoint-group

       o update-listener

       o withdraw-byoip-cidr



                                                           GLOBALACCELERATOR()
