HEALTH()                                                              HEALTH()



NAME
       health -

DESCRIPTION
       The  Health  API provides access to the Health information that appears
       in the Health Dashboard . You can use the API operations to get  infor-
       mation about events that might affect your Amazon Web Services services
       and resources.

       You must have a Business, Enterprise  On-Ramp,  or  Enterprise  Support
       plan  from  Amazon  Web  Services Support to use the Health API. If you
       call the Health API from an Amazon Web Services  account  that  doesn't
       have  a  Business,  Enterprise On-Ramp, or Enterprise Support plan, you
       receive a SubscriptionRequiredException error.

       For API access, you need an access key ID and a secret access key.  Use
       temporary  credentials  instead of long-term access keys when possible.
       Temporary credentials include an access key ID, a  secret  access  key,
       and  a  security  token that indicates when the credentials expire. For
       more information, see Best practices for managing Amazon  Web  Services
       access keys in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       You  can use the Health endpoint health.us-east-1.amazonaws.com (HTTPS)
       to call the Health API operations. Health supports a  multi-Region  ap-
       plication architecture and has two regional endpoints in an active-pas-
       sive configuration. You can use the high availability endpoint  example
       to  determine  which  Amazon Web Services Region is active, so that you
       can get the latest information from the API. For more information,  see
       Accessing the Health API in the Health User Guide .

       For  authentication  of  requests,  Health uses the Signature Version 4
       Signing Process .

       If your Amazon Web Services account is part of Organizations,  you  can
       use  the  Health  organizational  view feature. This feature provides a
       centralized view of Health events across all accounts in your organiza-
       tion. You can aggregate Health events in real time to identify accounts
       in your organization that are affected by an operational event  or  get
       notified  of  security vulnerabilities. Use the organizational view API
       operations to enable this feature and  return  event  information.  For
       more  information,  see  Aggregating  Health  events in the Health User
       Guide .

       NOTE:
          When you use the Health API operations to return Health events,  see
          the following recommendations:

          o Use  the  eventScopeCode  parameter  to  specify whether to return
            Health events that are public or account-specific.

          o Use pagination to view all events from the response. For  example,
            if you call the DescribeEventsForOrganization operation to get all
            events in your organization, you might receive  several  page  re-
            sults.  Specify  the  nextToken in the next request to return more
            results.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o describe-affected-accounts-for-organization

       o describe-affected-entities

       o describe-affected-entities-for-organization

       o describe-entity-aggregates

       o describe-entity-aggregates-for-organization

       o describe-event-aggregates

       o describe-event-details

       o describe-event-details-for-organization

       o describe-event-types

       o describe-events

       o describe-events-for-organization

       o describe-health-service-status-for-organization

       o disable-health-service-access-for-organization

       o enable-health-service-access-for-organization

       o help



                                                                      HEALTH()
