IOTANALYTICS()                                                  IOTANALYTICS()



NAME
       iotanalytics -

DESCRIPTION
       IoT  Analytics  allows  you  to  collect  large amounts of device data,
       process messages, and store them. You can then query the data  and  run
       sophisticated  analytics on it. IoT Analytics enables advanced data ex-
       ploration through integration with Jupyter Notebooks and  data  visual-
       ization through integration with Amazon QuickSight.

       Traditional  analytics  and business intelligence tools are designed to
       process structured data. IoT data often comes from devices that  record
       noisy  processes  (such  as temperature, motion, or sound). As a result
       the data from these devices can have significant gaps,  corrupted  mes-
       sages,  and  false readings that must be cleaned up before analysis can
       occur. Also, IoT data is often only meaningful in the context of  other
       data from external sources.

       IoT Analytics automates the steps required to analyze data from IoT de-
       vices. IoT Analytics filters, transforms, and enriches IoT data  before
       storing it in a time-series data store for analysis. You can set up the
       service to collect only the data you  need  from  your  devices,  apply
       mathematical  transforms  to process the data, and enrich the data with
       device-specific metadata such as device type and location before  stor-
       ing  it.  Then,  you can analyze your data by running queries using the
       built-in SQL query engine, or perform more complex  analytics  and  ma-
       chine  learning  inference. IoT Analytics includes pre-built models for
       common IoT use cases so you can answer questions like which devices are
       about  to fail or which customers are at risk of abandoning their wear-
       able devices.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o batch-put-message

       o cancel-pipeline-reprocessing

       o create-channel

       o create-dataset

       o create-dataset-content

       o create-datastore

       o create-pipeline

       o delete-channel

       o delete-dataset

       o delete-dataset-content

       o delete-datastore

       o delete-pipeline

       o describe-channel

       o describe-dataset

       o describe-datastore

       o describe-logging-options

       o describe-pipeline

       o get-dataset-content

       o help

       o list-channels

       o list-dataset-contents

       o list-datasets

       o list-datastores

       o list-pipelines

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o put-logging-options

       o run-pipeline-activity

       o sample-channel-data

       o start-pipeline-reprocessing

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-channel

       o update-dataset

       o update-datastore

       o update-pipeline



                                                                IOTANALYTICS()
