IVS-REALTIME()                                                  IVS-REALTIME()



NAME
       ivs-realtime -

DESCRIPTION
       The  Amazon  Interactive Video Service (IVS) real-time API is REST com-
       patible, using a standard HTTP API and an AWS EventBridge event  stream
       for  responses. JSON is used for both requests and responses, including
       errors.
          Key Concepts

       o Stage  A virtual space where participants can exchange video in  real
         time.

       o Participant token  A token that authenticates a participant when they
         join a stage.

       o Participant object  Represents participants (people) in the stage and
         contains information about them. When a token is created, it includes
         a participant ID; when a participant uses that token to join a stage,
         the  participant  is  associated with that participant ID. There is a
         1:1 mapping between participant tokens and participants.

       For server-side composition:

       o Composition process  Composites participants of a stage into a single
         video  and forwards it to a set of outputs (e.g., IVS channels). Com-
         position endpoints support this process.

       o Composition  Controls the look of the outputs, including how partici-
         pants are positioned in the video.

       For  more  information  about  your  IVS  live stream, also see Getting
       Started with Amazon IVS Real-Time Streaming .
          Tagging

       A tag is a metadata label that you assign to an  AWS  resource.  A  tag
       comprises  a  key and a value , both set by you. For example, you might
       set a tag as topic:nature to label a  particular  video  category.  See
       Tagging AWS Resources for more information, including restrictions that
       apply to tags and "Tag naming  limits  and  requirements";  Amazon  IVS
       stages  has  no  service-specific constraints beyond what is documented
       there.

       Tags can help you identify and organize your AWS resources.  For  exam-
       ple,  you can use the same tag for different resources to indicate that
       they are related. You can also use tags to manage  access  (see  Access
       Tags ).

       The  Amazon  IVS real-time API has these tag-related endpoints:  TagRe-
       source ,  UntagResource , and  ListTagsForResource . The following  re-
       source supports tagging: Stage.

       At most 50 tags can be applied to a resource.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-encoder-configuration

       o create-participant-token

       o create-stage

       o create-storage-configuration

       o delete-encoder-configuration

       o delete-public-key

       o delete-stage

       o delete-storage-configuration

       o disconnect-participant

       o get-composition

       o get-encoder-configuration

       o get-participant

       o get-public-key

       o get-stage

       o get-stage-session

       o get-storage-configuration

       o help

       o import-public-key

       o list-compositions

       o list-encoder-configurations

       o list-participant-events

       o list-participants

       o list-public-keys

       o list-stage-sessions

       o list-stages

       o list-storage-configurations

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o start-composition

       o stop-composition

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-stage



                                                                IVS-REALTIME()
