IVS()                                                                    IVS()



NAME
       ivs -

DESCRIPTION
          Introduction

       The  Amazon Interactive Video Service (IVS) API is REST compatible, us-
       ing a standard HTTP API and an Amazon Web  Services  EventBridge  event
       stream for responses. JSON is used for both requests and responses, in-
       cluding errors.

       The API is an Amazon Web Services regional service. For a list of  sup-
       ported  regions  and Amazon IVS HTTPS service endpoints, see the Amazon
       IVS page in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

          o All API request parameters and URLs are case sensitive. *

       For a summary of notable documentation changes  in  each  release,  see
       Document History .
          Allowed Header Values

       o

         ``
         Accept: `` application/json

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 43)
         Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       o

         ``
         Accept-Encoding: `` gzip, deflate

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 45)
         Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       o

         ``
         Content-Type: `` application/json

       System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 47)
         Inline literal start-string without end-string.
          Key Concepts

       o Channel   Stores  configuration data related to your live stream. You
         first create a channel and then use the channels stream key to  start
         your live stream.

       o Stream  key   An  identifier assigned by Amazon IVS when you create a
         channel, which is then used  to  authorize  streaming.  *  Treat  the
         stream  key  like  a  secret, since it allows anyone to stream to the
         channel. *

       o Playback key pair  Video  playback  may  be  restricted  using  play-
         back-authorization  tokens,  which use public-key encryption. A play-
         back key pair is the public-private pair of keys  used  to  sign  and
         validate the playback-authorization token.

       o Recording  configuration  Stores configuration related to recording a
         live stream and where to store the recorded content.  Multiple  chan-
         nels can reference the same recording configuration.

       o Playback  restriction  policy  Restricts playback by countries and/or
         origin sites.

       For more information about your  IVS  live  stream,  also  see  Getting
       Started with IVS Low-Latency Streaming .
          Tagging

       A tag is a metadata label that you assign to an Amazon Web Services re-
       source. A tag comprises a key and a value , both set by you. For  exam-
       ple,  you  might  set a tag as topic:nature to label a particular video
       category. See Best practices and strategies in Tagging Amazon Web  Ser-
       vices Resources and Tag Editor for details, including restrictions that
       apply to tags and "Tag naming limits and requirements"; Amazon IVS  has
       no service-specific constraints beyond what is documented there.

       Tags  can  help  you identify and organize your Amazon Web Services re-
       sources. For example, you can use the same tag for different  resources
       to  indicate that they are related. You can also use tags to manage ac-
       cess (see Access Tags ).

       The Amazon IVS API has these  tag-related  operations:   TagResource  ,
       UntagResource , and  ListTagsForResource . The following resources sup-
       port tagging: Channels, Stream Keys, Playback Key Pairs, and  Recording
       Configurations.

       At most 50 tags can be applied to a resource.
          Authentication versus Authorization

       Note the differences between these concepts:

       o Authentication  is about verifying identity. You need to be authenti-
         cated to sign Amazon IVS API requests.

       o Authorization is about granting permissions. Your IAM roles  need  to
         have permissions for Amazon IVS API requests. In addition, authoriza-
         tion is needed to view Amazon IVS private channels .  (Private  chan-
         nels are channels that are enabled for "playback authorization.")
          Authentication

       All Amazon IVS API requests must be authenticated with a signature. The
       Amazon Web Services Command-Line Interface (CLI) and Amazon IVS  Player
       SDKs take care of signing the underlying API calls for you. However, if
       your application calls the Amazon IVS API directly, its your  responsi-
       bility to sign the requests.

       You  generate  a  signature using valid Amazon Web Services credentials
       that have permission to perform the requested action. For example,  you
       must  sign  PutMetadata requests with a signature generated from a user
       account that has the ivs:PutMetadata permission.

       For more information:

       o Authentication and generating signatures  See Authenticating Requests
         (Amazon  Web Services Signature Version 4) in the Amazon Web Services
         General Reference .

       o Managing Amazon IVS permissions  See Identity and  Access  Management
         on the Security page of the Amazon IVS User Guide .
          Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)

       ARNs  uniquely identify AWS resources. An ARN is required when you need
       to specify a resource unambiguously across all of AWS, such as  in  IAM
       policies and API calls. For more information, see Amazon Resource Names
       in the AWS General Reference .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o batch-get-channel

       o batch-get-stream-key

       o batch-start-viewer-session-revocation

       o create-channel

       o create-playback-restriction-policy

       o create-recording-configuration

       o create-stream-key

       o delete-channel

       o delete-playback-key-pair

       o delete-playback-restriction-policy

       o delete-recording-configuration

       o delete-stream-key

       o get-channel

       o get-playback-key-pair

       o get-playback-restriction-policy

       o get-recording-configuration

       o get-stream

       o get-stream-key

       o get-stream-session

       o help

       o import-playback-key-pair

       o list-channels

       o list-playback-key-pairs

       o list-playback-restriction-policies

       o list-recording-configurations

       o list-stream-keys

       o list-stream-sessions

       o list-streams

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o put-metadata

       o start-viewer-session-revocation

       o stop-stream

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-channel

       o update-playback-restriction-policy



                                                                         IVS()
