IVSCHAT()                                                            IVSCHAT()



NAME
       ivschat -

DESCRIPTION
          Introduction

       The  Amazon IVS Chat control-plane API enables you to create and manage
       Amazon IVS Chat resources. You also need to integrate with  the  Amazon
       IVS Chat Messaging API , to enable users to interact with chat rooms in
       real time.

       The API is an AWS regional service. For a list of supported regions and
       Amazon IVS Chat HTTPS service endpoints, see the Amazon IVS Chat infor-
       mation on the Amazon IVS page in the AWS General Reference .

       This document describes HTTP operations. There is a separate  messaging
       API  for managing Chat resources; see the Amazon IVS Chat Messaging API
       Reference .
          Notes on terminology:

       o You create service applications using the Amazon IVS Chat API. We re-
         fer to these as applications .

       o You  create  front-end  client  applications (browser and Android/iOS
         apps) using the Amazon IVS Chat Messaging API. We refer to  these  as
         clients .
          Resources

       The following resources are part of Amazon IVS Chat:

       o LoggingConfiguration   A configuration that allows customers to store
         and record sent messages in a chat room. See the  Logging  Configura-
         tion endpoints for more information.

       o Room  The central Amazon IVS Chat resource through which clients con-
         nect to and exchange chat messages. See the Room endpoints  for  more
         information.
          Tagging

       A  tag  is  a  metadata label that you assign to an AWS resource. A tag
       comprises a key and a value , both set by you. For example,  you  might
       set  a  tag  as  topic:nature to label a particular video category. See
       Best practices and strategies in Tagging Amazon Web Services  Resources
       and  Tag  Editor for details, including restrictions that apply to tags
       and "Tag naming limits and requirements"; Amazon IVS Chat has  no  ser-
       vice-specific constraints beyond what is documented there.

       Tags  can  help you identify and organize your AWS resources. For exam-
       ple, you can use the same tag for different resources to indicate  that
       they  are  related.  You can also use tags to manage access (see Access
       Tags ).

       The Amazon IVS Chat API has these tag-related operations:   TagResource
       ,   UntagResource  ,  and  ListTagsForResource . The following resource
       supports tagging: Room.

       At most 50 tags can be applied to a resource.
          API Access Security

       Your Amazon IVS Chat applications (service  applications  and  clients)
       must  be  authenticated  and  authorized  to access Amazon IVS Chat re-
       sources. Note the differences between these concepts:

       o Authentication is about verifying identity. Requests  to  the  Amazon
         IVS Chat API must be signed to verify your identity.

       o Authorization  is  about granting permissions. Your IAM roles need to
         have permissions for Amazon IVS Chat API requests.

       Users (viewers) connect to a room using secure access tokens  that  you
       create  using  the   CreateChatToken operation through the AWS SDK. You
       call CreateChatToken for every users chat session, passing identity and
       authorization information about the user.
          Signing API Requests

       HTTP API requests must be signed with an AWS SigV4 signature using your
       AWS security credentials. The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) and  the
       AWS  SDKs  take  care of signing the underlying API calls for you. How-
       ever, if your application calls the Amazon IVS Chat HTTP API  directly,
       its your responsibility to sign the requests.

       You  generate  a  signature using valid AWS credentials for an IAM role
       that has permission to  perform  the  requested  action.  For  example,
       DeleteMessage  requests  must  be  made  using an IAM role that has the
       ivschat:DeleteMessage permission.

       For more information:

       o Authentication and generating signatures  See Authenticating Requests
         (Amazon  Web Services Signature Version 4) in the Amazon Web Services
         General Reference .

       o Managing Amazon IVS permissions  See Identity and  Access  Management
         on the Security page of the Amazon IVS User Guide .
          Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)

       ARNs  uniquely identify AWS resources. An ARN is required when you need
       to specify a resource unambiguously across all of AWS, such as  in  IAM
       policies and API calls. For more information, see Amazon Resource Names
       in the AWS General Reference .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-chat-token

       o create-logging-configuration

       o create-room

       o delete-logging-configuration

       o delete-message

       o delete-room

       o disconnect-user

       o get-logging-configuration

       o get-room

       o help

       o list-logging-configurations

       o list-rooms

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o send-event

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-logging-configuration

       o update-room



                                                                     IVSCHAT()
