LAMBDA()                                                              LAMBDA()



NAME
       lambda -

DESCRIPTION
          Overview

       Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code without provisioning
       or managing servers. Lambda runs your code on a high-availability  com-
       pute  infrastructure and performs all of the administration of the com-
       pute resources, including server and operating system maintenance,  ca-
       pacity provisioning and automatic scaling, code monitoring and logging.
       With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application  or
       backend  service.  For  more  information about the Lambda service, see
       What is Lambda in the Lambda Developer Guide .

       The Lambda API Reference provides information about  each  of  the  API
       methods, including details about the parameters in each API request and
       response.

       You can use Software Development Kits  (SDKs),  Integrated  Development
       Environment  (IDE)  Toolkits, and command line tools to access the API.
       For installation instructions, see Tools for Amazon Web Services .

       For a list of  Region-specific  endpoints  that  Lambda  supports,  see
       Lambda  endpoints  and quotas in the Amazon Web Services General Refer-
       ence. .

       When making the API calls, you will need to authenticate  your  request
       by providing a signature. Lambda supports signature version 4. For more
       information, see Signature Version 4 signing process in the Amazon  Web
       Services General Reference. .
          CA certificates

       Because Amazon Web Services SDKs use the CA certificates from your com-
       puter, changes to the certificates on the Amazon Web  Services  servers
       can  cause  connection failures when you attempt to use an SDK. You can
       prevent these failures by keeping your computer's CA  certificates  and
       operating system up-to-date. If you encounter this issue in a corporate
       environment and do not manage your own computer, you might need to  ask
       an  administrator to assist with the update process. The following list
       shows minimum operating system and Java versions:

       o Microsoft Windows versions that have updates  from  January  2005  or
         later  installed  contain  at  least one of the required CAs in their
         trust list.

       o Mac OS X 10.4 with Java for Mac OS X 10.4 Release 5 (February  2007),
         Mac OS X 10.5 (October 2007), and later versions contain at least one
         of the required CAs in their trust list.

       o Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 (March 2007), 6, and 7 and  CentOS  5,  6,
         and  7  all contain at least one of the required CAs in their default
         trusted CA list.

       o Java 1.4.2_12 (May 2006), 5 Update 2 (March 2005), and all later ver-
         sions,  including  Java 6 (December 2006), 7, and 8, contain at least
         one of the required CAs in their default trusted CA list.

       When accessing the Lambda management console or Lambda  API  endpoints,
       whether  through  browsers or programmatically, you will need to ensure
       your client machines support any of the following CAs:

       o Amazon Root CA 1

       o Starfield Services Root Certificate Authority - G2

       o Starfield Class 2 Certification Authority

       Root certificates from the first two  authorities  are  available  from
       Amazon  trust  services  ,  but keeping your computer up-to-date is the
       more straightforward solution. To learn more  about  ACM-provided  cer-
       tificates, see Amazon Web Services Certificate Manager FAQs.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-layer-version-permission

       o add-permission

       o create-alias

       o create-code-signing-config

       o create-event-source-mapping

       o create-function

       o create-function-url-config

       o delete-alias

       o delete-code-signing-config

       o delete-event-source-mapping

       o delete-function

       o delete-function-code-signing-config

       o delete-function-concurrency

       o delete-function-event-invoke-config

       o delete-function-url-config

       o delete-layer-version

       o delete-provisioned-concurrency-config

       o get-account-settings

       o get-alias

       o get-code-signing-config

       o get-event-source-mapping

       o get-function

       o get-function-code-signing-config

       o get-function-concurrency

       o get-function-configuration

       o get-function-event-invoke-config

       o get-function-url-config

       o get-layer-version

       o get-layer-version-by-arn

       o get-layer-version-policy

       o get-policy

       o get-provisioned-concurrency-config

       o get-runtime-management-config

       o help

       o invoke

       o list-aliases

       o list-code-signing-configs

       o list-event-source-mappings

       o list-function-event-invoke-configs

       o list-function-url-configs

       o list-functions

       o list-functions-by-code-signing-config

       o list-layer-versions

       o list-layers

       o list-provisioned-concurrency-configs

       o list-tags

       o list-versions-by-function

       o publish-layer-version

       o publish-version

       o put-function-code-signing-config

       o put-function-concurrency

       o put-function-event-invoke-config

       o put-provisioned-concurrency-config

       o put-runtime-management-config

       o remove-layer-version-permission

       o remove-permission

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-alias

       o update-code-signing-config

       o update-event-source-mapping

       o update-function-code

       o update-function-configuration

       o update-function-event-invoke-config

       o update-function-url-config

       o wait



                                                                      LAMBDA()
