NETWORK-FIREWALL()                                          NETWORK-FIREWALL()



NAME
       network-firewall -

DESCRIPTION
       This  is  the API Reference for Network Firewall. This guide is for de-
       velopers who need detailed information about the Network  Firewall  API
       actions, data types, and errors.

       o The  REST API requires you to handle connection details, such as cal-
         culating signatures, handling request retries,  and  error  handling.
         For  general  information  about  using  the Amazon Web Services REST
         APIs, see Amazon Web Services APIs .  To access Network Firewall  us-
         ing  the REST API endpoint: https://network-firewall.<region>.amazon-
         aws.com

       o Alternatively, you can use one of the Amazon Web Services SDKs to ac-
         cess  an  API that's tailored to the programming language or platform
         that you're using. For more information, see Amazon Web Services SDKs
         .

       o For   descriptions   of  Network  Firewall  features,  including  and
         step-by-step instructions on how to  use  them  through  the  Network
         Firewall console, see the Network Firewall Developer Guide .

       Network Firewall is a stateful, managed, network firewall and intrusion
       detection and prevention service for Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Ama-
       zon  VPC). With Network Firewall, you can filter traffic at the perime-
       ter of your VPC. This includes filtering traffic going  to  and  coming
       from  an  internet gateway, NAT gateway, or over VPN or Direct Connect.
       Network Firewall uses rules that are compatible with Suricata, a  free,
       open source network analysis and threat detection engine. Network Fire-
       wall supports Suricata version 5.0.2. For information  about  Suricata,
       see the Suricata website .

       You can use Network Firewall to monitor and protect your VPC traffic in
       a number of ways. The following are just a few examples:

       o Allow domains or IP addresses for known Amazon Web  Services  service
         endpoints, such as Amazon S3, and block all other forms of traffic.

       o Use  custom  lists  of known bad domains to limit the types of domain
         names that your applications can access.

       o Perform deep packet inspection on traffic entering  or  leaving  your
         VPC.

       o Use  stateful  protocol detection to filter protocols like HTTPS, re-
         gardless of the port used.

       To enable Network Firewall for your VPCs, you  perform  steps  in  both
       Amazon  VPC and in Network Firewall. For information about using Amazon
       VPC, see Amazon VPC User Guide .

       To start using Network Firewall, do the following:

       o (Optional) If you don't already have a VPC that you want to  protect,
         create it in Amazon VPC.

       o In  Amazon  VPC,  in  each Availability Zone where you want to have a
         firewall endpoint, create a subnet for the sole use of Network  Fire-
         wall.

       o In  Network  Firewall,  create stateless and stateful rule groups, to
         define the components of the network traffic filtering behavior  that
         you want your firewall to have.

       o In  Network  Firewall,  create  a firewall policy that uses your rule
         groups and specifies additional default traffic filtering behavior.

       o In Network Firewall, create a firewall and specify your new  firewall
         policy  and VPC subnets. Network Firewall creates a firewall endpoint
         in each subnet that you specify, with the behavior that's defined  in
         the firewall policy.

       o In  Amazon  VPC,  use  ingress  routing enhancements to route traffic
         through the new firewall endpoints.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-firewall-policy

       o associate-subnets

       o create-firewall

       o create-firewall-policy

       o create-rule-group

       o create-tls-inspection-configuration

       o delete-firewall

       o delete-firewall-policy

       o delete-resource-policy

       o delete-rule-group

       o delete-tls-inspection-configuration

       o describe-firewall

       o describe-firewall-policy

       o describe-logging-configuration

       o describe-resource-policy

       o describe-rule-group

       o describe-rule-group-metadata

       o describe-tls-inspection-configuration

       o disassociate-subnets

       o help

       o list-firewall-policies

       o list-firewalls

       o list-rule-groups

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o list-tls-inspection-configurations

       o put-resource-policy

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-firewall-delete-protection

       o update-firewall-description

       o update-firewall-encryption-configuration

       o update-firewall-policy

       o update-firewall-policy-change-protection

       o update-logging-configuration

       o update-rule-group

       o update-subnet-change-protection

       o update-tls-inspection-configuration



                                                            NETWORK-FIREWALL()
