PCS()                                                                    PCS()



NAME
       pcs -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  Web  Services  Parallel  Computing Service (Amazon Web Services
       PCS) is a managed service that makes it easier for you to run and scale
       your  high  performance computing (HPC) workloads, and build scientific
       and engineering models on Amazon Web Services using Slurm. For more in-
       formation,  see the Amazon Web Services Parallel Computing Service User
       Guide .

       This reference describes the actions and data types of the service man-
       agement  API.  You can use the Amazon Web Services SDKs to call the API
       actions in software, or use the Command Line Interface  (CLI)  to  call
       the  API actions manually. These API actions manage the service through
       an Amazon Web Services account.

       The API actions operate on Amazon Web Services  PCS  resources.  A  re-
       source is an entity in Amazon Web Services that you can work with. Ama-
       zon Web Services services create resources when you use the features of
       the  service.  Examples  of  Amazon  Web Services PCS resources include
       clusters, compute node groups, and queues. For more  information  about
       resources in Amazon Web Services, see Resource in the Resource Explorer
       User Guide .

       An Amazon Web Services PCS compute node is an Amazon EC2 instance.  You
       don't  launch compute nodes directly. Amazon Web Services PCS uses con-
       figuration information that you provide to launch compute nodes in your
       Amazon  Web Services account. You receive billing charges for your run-
       ning compute nodes. Amazon Web Services  PCS  automatically  terminates
       your  compute  nodes  when  you  delete the Amazon Web Services PCS re-
       sources related to those compute nodes.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-cluster

       o create-compute-node-group

       o create-queue

       o delete-cluster

       o delete-compute-node-group

       o delete-queue

       o get-cluster

       o get-compute-node-group

       o get-queue

       o help

       o list-clusters

       o list-compute-node-groups

       o list-queues

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o register-compute-node-group-instance

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-compute-node-group

       o update-queue



                                                                         PCS()
