PINPOINT-EMAIL()                                              PINPOINT-EMAIL()



NAME
       pinpoint-email -

DESCRIPTION
       Welcome  to  the  Amazon Pinpoint Email API Reference . This guide pro-
       vides information about the Amazon Pinpoint Email  API  (version  1.0),
       including supported operations, data types, parameters, and schemas.
          Amazon  Pinpoint  is  an AWS service that you can use to engage with
          your customers across multiple messaging channels. You can use  Ama-
          zon  Pinpoint  to send email, SMS text messages, voice messages, and
          push notifications. The Amazon Pinpoint Email API provides  program-
          matic  access  to  options  that are unique to the email channel and
          supplement the options provided by the Amazon Pinpoint API.

       If you're new to Amazon Pinpoint, you might find it helpful to also re-
       view  the  Amazon Pinpoint Developer Guide . The Amazon Pinpoint Devel-
       oper Guide provides tutorials, code samples, and procedures that demon-
       strate  how to use Amazon Pinpoint features programmatically and how to
       integrate Amazon Pinpoint functionality  into  mobile  apps  and  other
       types  of  applications.  The guide also provides information about key
       topics such as Amazon Pinpoint integration with other AWS services  and
       the limits that apply to using the service.

       The  Amazon  Pinpoint Email API is available in several AWS Regions and
       it provides an endpoint for each of these Regions. For a  list  of  all
       the Regions and endpoints where the API is currently available, see AWS
       Service Endpoints in the Amazon Web Services  General  Reference  .  To
       learn  more  about  AWS Regions, see Managing AWS Regions in the Amazon
       Web Services General Reference .

       In each Region, AWS maintains multiple Availability Zones. These Avail-
       ability  Zones  are physically isolated from each other, but are united
       by private, low-latency, high-throughput, and highly redundant  network
       connections.  These  Availability  Zones enable us to provide very high
       levels of availability and redundancy, while also  minimizing  latency.
       To learn more about the number of Availability Zones that are available
       in each Region, see AWS Global Infrastructure .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-configuration-set

       o create-configuration-set-event-destination

       o create-dedicated-ip-pool

       o create-deliverability-test-report

       o create-email-identity

       o delete-configuration-set

       o delete-configuration-set-event-destination

       o delete-dedicated-ip-pool

       o delete-email-identity

       o get-account

       o get-blacklist-reports

       o get-configuration-set

       o get-configuration-set-event-destinations

       o get-dedicated-ip

       o get-dedicated-ips

       o get-deliverability-dashboard-options

       o get-deliverability-test-report

       o get-domain-deliverability-campaign

       o get-domain-statistics-report

       o get-email-identity

       o help

       o list-configuration-sets

       o list-dedicated-ip-pools

       o list-deliverability-test-reports

       o list-domain-deliverability-campaigns

       o list-email-identities

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o put-account-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes

       o put-account-sending-attributes

       o put-configuration-set-delivery-options

       o put-configuration-set-reputation-options

       o put-configuration-set-sending-options

       o put-configuration-set-tracking-options

       o put-dedicated-ip-in-pool

       o put-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes

       o put-deliverability-dashboard-option

       o put-email-identity-dkim-attributes

       o put-email-identity-feedback-attributes

       o put-email-identity-mail-from-attributes

       o send-email

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-configuration-set-event-destination



                                                              PINPOINT-EMAIL()
