RESOURCE-EXPLORER-2()                                    RESOURCE-EXPLORER-2()



NAME
       resource-explorer-2 -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  Web Services Resource Explorer is a resource search and discov-
       ery service. By using Resource Explorer, you can explore your resources
       using  an internet search engine-like experience. Examples of resources
       include Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instances, Ama-
       zon  Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets, or Amazon DynamoDB ta-
       bles. You can search for your resources using  resource  metadata  like
       names,  tags,  and  IDs. Resource Explorer can search across all of the
       Amazon Web Services Regions in your account in which you turn the  ser-
       vice on, to simplify your cross-Region workloads.

       Resource  Explorer  scans  the resources in each of the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices Regions in your Amazon Web Services account in which you turn  on
       Resource  Explorer. Resource Explorer creates and maintains an index in
       each Region, with the details of that Region's resources.

       You can search across all of the indexed Regions  in  your  account  by
       designating  one of your Amazon Web Services Regions to contain the ag-
       gregator index for the account. When you promote a local index in a Re-
       gion to become the aggregator index for the account , Resource Explorer
       automatically replicates the index information from all  local  indexes
       in  the  other  Regions  to the aggregator index. Therefore, the Region
       with the aggregator index has a copy of all  resource  information  for
       all  Regions in the account where you turned on Resource Explorer. As a
       result, views in the aggregator index Region include resources from all
       of the indexed Regions in your account.

       For  more  information about Amazon Web Services Resource Explorer, in-
       cluding how to enable and configure the service,  see  the  Amazon  Web
       Services Resource Explorer User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-default-view

       o batch-get-view

       o create-index

       o create-view

       o delete-index

       o delete-view

       o disassociate-default-view

       o get-account-level-service-configuration

       o get-default-view

       o get-index

       o get-managed-view

       o get-view

       o help

       o list-indexes

       o list-indexes-for-members

       o list-managed-views

       o list-resources

       o list-supported-resource-types

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o list-views

       o search

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-index-type

       o update-view



                                                         RESOURCE-EXPLORER-2()
