ROUTE53-RECOVERY-CLUSTER()                          ROUTE53-RECOVERY-CLUSTER()



NAME
       route53-recovery-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Welcome  to  the Routing Control (Recovery Cluster) API Reference Guide
       for Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller.

       With Route 53 ARC, you can use routing control with extreme reliability
       to  recover applications by rerouting traffic across Availability Zones
       or Amazon Web Services Regions.  Routing  controls  are  simple  on/off
       switches  hosted on a highly available cluster in Route 53 ARC. A clus-
       ter provides a set of five redundant Regional endpoints  against  which
       you  can  run API calls to get or update the state of routing controls.
       To implement failover, you set one routing control to  ON  and  another
       one to OFF, to reroute traffic from one Availability Zone or Amazon Web
       Services Region to another.
          Be aware that you must specify a Regional  endpoint  for  a  cluster
          when  you  work with API cluster operations to get or update routing
          control states in Route 53 ARC. In addition, you must specify the US
          West  (Oregon)  Region  for Route 53 ARC API calls. For example, use
          the parameter --region us-west-2 with AWS CLI commands. For more in-
          formation,  see  Get and update routing control states using the API
          in the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery  Controller  Developer
          Guide.

       This API guide includes information about the API operations for how to
       get and update routing control states in Route 53  ARC.  To  work  with
       routing  control  in  Route  53 ARC, you must first create the required
       components (clusters, control panels, and routing controls)  using  the
       recovery cluster configuration API.

       For  more  information  about  working with routing control in Route 53
       ARC, see the following:

       o Create clusters, control panels, and routing controls  by  using  API
         operations. For more information, see the Recovery Control Configura-
         tion API Reference Guide for Amazon  Route  53  Application  Recovery
         Controller .

       o Learn  about  the components in recovery control, including clusters,
         routing controls, and control panels, and how to work with  Route  53
         ARC  in  the  Amazon  Web Services console. For more information, see
         Recovery control components in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recov-
         ery Controller Developer Guide.

       o Route  53  ARC  also provides readiness checks that continually audit
         resources to help make sure that your  applications  are  scaled  and
         ready  to handle failover traffic. For more information about the re-
         lated API operations, see the Recovery Readiness API Reference  Guide
         for Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller .

       o For  more  information about creating resilient applications and pre-
         paring for recovery readiness with Route 53 ARC, see the Amazon Route
         53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o get-routing-control-state

       o help

       o list-routing-controls

       o update-routing-control-state

       o update-routing-control-states



                                                    ROUTE53-RECOVERY-CLUSTER()
