SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME()                                SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME()



NAME
       sagemaker-a2i-runtime -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) adds the benefit of human judgment to
       any machine learning application. When an AI application can't evaluate
       data  with  a high degree of confidence, human reviewers can take over.
       This human review is called a human  review  workflow.  To  create  and
       start  a human review workflow, you need three resources: a worker task
       template , a flow definition , and a human loop .

       For information about these resources and prerequisites for using  Ama-
       zon  A2I,  see Get Started with Amazon Augmented AI in the Amazon Sage-
       Maker Developer Guide.

       This API reference includes information  about  API  actions  and  data
       types  that  you  can use to interact with Amazon A2I programmatically.
       Use this guide to:

       o Start a human loop with the StartHumanLoop operation when using  Ama-
         zon  A2I with a custom task type . To learn more about the difference
         between custom and built-in task types, see Use Task Types . To learn
         how  to start a human loop using this API, see Create and Start a Hu-
         man Loop for a Custom Task Type in  the  Amazon  SageMaker  Developer
         Guide.

       o Manage  your  human loops. You can list all human loops that you have
         created, describe individual human loops, and stop and  delete  human
         loops.  To  learn more, see Monitor and Manage Your Human Loop in the
         Amazon SageMaker Developer Guide.

       Amazon A2I integrates APIs from various  AWS  services  to  create  and
       start  human  review  workflows for those services. To learn how Amazon
       A2I uses these APIs, see Use APIs in Amazon A2I in the Amazon SageMaker
       Developer Guide.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o delete-human-loop

       o describe-human-loop

       o help

       o list-human-loops

       o start-human-loop

       o stop-human-loop



                                                       SAGEMAKER-A2I-RUNTIME()
