SECRETSMANAGER()                                              SECRETSMANAGER()



NAME
       secretsmanager -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager provides a service to enable you to
       store, manage, and retrieve, secrets.

       This guide provides descriptions of the Secrets Manager API.  For  more
       information  about  using this service, see the Amazon Web Services Se-
       crets Manager User Guide .
          API Version

       This version of the Secrets Manager API Reference documents the Secrets
       Manager API version 2017-10-17.

       NOTE:
          As  an  alternative  to using the API, you can use one of the Amazon
          Web Services SDKs, which consist of libraries and  sample  code  for
          various  programming  languages  and  platforms  such as Java, Ruby,
          .NET, iOS, and Android. The SDKs provide a convenient way to  create
          programmatic  access to Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager. For ex-
          ample, the SDKs provide cryptographically signing requests, managing
          errors,  and  retrying  requests automatically. For more information
          about the Amazon Web Services SDKs, including  downloading  and  in-
          stalling them, see Tools for Amazon Web Services .

       We  recommend you use the Amazon Web Services SDKs to make programmatic
       API calls to Secrets Manager. However, you also  can  use  the  Secrets
       Manager  HTTP Query API to make direct calls to the Secrets Manager web
       service. To learn more about the Secrets Manager HTTP  Query  API,  see
       Making  Query  Requests in the Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager User
       Guide .

       Secrets Manager API supports GET and POST requests for all actions, and
       doesn't  require  you  to use GET for some actions and POST for others.
       However, GET requests are subject to the  limitation  size  of  a  URL.
       Therefore,  for  operations  that  require larger sizes, use a POST re-
       quest.
          Support and Feedback for Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager

       We    welcome    your    feedback.    Send     your     comments     to
       awssecretsmanager-feedback@amazon.com , or post your feedback and ques-
       tions in the Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager Discussion Forum . For
       more  information  about the Amazon Web Services Discussion Forums, see
       Forums Help .
          How examples are presented

       The JSON that Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager expects as  your  re-
       quest  parameters  and  the service returns as a response to HTTP query
       requests contain single, long strings  without  line  breaks  or  white
       space formatting. The JSON shown in the examples displays the code for-
       matted with both line breaks and white space  to  improve  readability.
       When example input parameters can also cause long strings extending be-
       yond the screen, you can insert line breaks to enhance readability. You
       should always submit the input as a single JSON text string.
          Logging API Requests

       Amazon Web Services Secrets Manager supports Amazon Web Services Cloud-
       Trail, a service that records Amazon Web Services API  calls  for  your
       Amazon  Web  Services  account  and  delivers log files to an Amazon S3
       bucket. By using information that's collected by  Amazon  Web  Services
       CloudTrail, you can determine the requests successfully made to Secrets
       Manager, who made the request, when it was made, and so  on.  For  more
       about  Amazon  Web  Services Secrets Manager and support for Amazon Web
       Services CloudTrail, see Logging Amazon Web  Services  Secrets  Manager
       Events  with  Amazon Web Services CloudTrail in the Amazon Web Services
       Secrets Manager User Guide . To learn more about CloudTrail,  including
       enabling it and find your log files, see the Amazon Web Services Cloud-
       Trail User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o cancel-rotate-secret

       o create-secret

       o delete-resource-policy

       o delete-secret

       o describe-secret

       o get-random-password

       o get-resource-policy

       o get-secret-value

       o help

       o list-secret-version-ids

       o list-secrets

       o put-resource-policy

       o put-secret-value

       o remove-regions-from-replication

       o replicate-secret-to-regions

       o restore-secret

       o rotate-secret

       o stop-replication-to-replica

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-secret

       o update-secret-version-stage

       o validate-resource-policy



                                                              SECRETSMANAGER()
