SECURITYLAKE()                                                  SECURITYLAKE()



NAME
       securitylake -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          Amazon Security Lake is in preview release. Your use of the Security
          Lake preview is subject to Section 2 of the Amazon Web Services Ser-
          vice Terms ("Betas and Previews").

       Amazon Security Lake is a fully managed security data lake service. You
       can use Security Lake to automatically centralize  security  data  from
       cloud,  on-premises,  and custom sources into a data lake that's stored
       in your Amazon Web Servicesaccount. Amazon Web  Services  Organizations
       is  an  account  management  service that lets you consolidate multiple
       Amazon Web Services accounts into an organization that you  create  and
       centrally  manage.  With  Organizations, you can create member accounts
       and invite existing accounts to join your organization.  Security  Lake
       helps  you  analyze  security data for a more complete understanding of
       your security posture across the entire organization. It can also  help
       you improve the protection of your workloads, applications, and data.

       The  data  lake  is backed by Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
       buckets, and you retain ownership over your data.

       Amazon Security Lake integrates with CloudTrail, a  service  that  pro-
       vides  a record of actions taken by a user, role, or an Amazon Web Ser-
       vices service in Security Lake CloudTrail captures API calls for  Secu-
       rity Lake as events. The calls captured include calls from the Security
       Lake console and code calls to the Security Lake API operations. If you
       create a trail, you can enable continuous delivery of CloudTrail events
       to an Amazon S3 bucket, including events  for  Security  Lake.  If  you
       don't  configure  a trail, you can still view the most recent events in
       the CloudTrail console in Event history.  Using  the  information  col-
       lected by CloudTrail you can determine the request that was made to Se-
       curity Lake, the IP address from which the request was made,  who  made
       the  request,  when  it was made, and additional details. To learn more
       about Security Lake information in CloudTrail, see the Amazon  Security
       Lake User Guide .

       Security  Lake  automates  the  collection  of security-related log and
       event data from integrated Amazon Web  Services  and  third-party  ser-
       vices. It also helps you manage the lifecycle of data with customizable
       retention and replication settings.  Security  Lake  converts  ingested
       data  into  Apache  Parquet  format  and  a standard open-source schema
       called the Open Cybersecurity Schema Framework (OCSF).

       Other Amazon Web Services and third-party services can subscribe to the
       data  that's stored in Security Lake for incident response and security
       data analytics.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-aws-log-source

       o create-custom-log-source

       o create-datalake

       o create-datalake-auto-enable

       o create-datalake-delegated-admin

       o create-datalake-exceptions-subscription

       o create-subscriber

       o create-subscription-notification-configuration

       o delete-aws-log-source

       o delete-custom-log-source

       o delete-datalake

       o delete-datalake-auto-enable

       o delete-datalake-delegated-admin

       o delete-datalake-exceptions-subscription

       o delete-subscriber

       o delete-subscription-notification-configuration

       o get-datalake

       o get-datalake-auto-enable

       o get-datalake-exceptions-expiry

       o get-datalake-exceptions-subscription

       o get-datalake-status

       o get-subscriber

       o help

       o list-datalake-exceptions

       o list-log-sources

       o list-subscribers

       o update-datalake

       o update-datalake-exceptions-expiry

       o update-datalake-exceptions-subscription

       o update-subscriber

       o update-subscription-notification-configuration



                                                                SECURITYLAKE()
