SECURITYHUB()                                                    SECURITYHUB()



NAME
       securityhub -

DESCRIPTION
       Security  Hub  provides  you with a comprehensive view of your security
       state in Amazon Web Services and helps you assess your Amazon Web  Ser-
       vices  environment  against  security industry standards and best prac-
       tices.

       Security Hub collects security data  across  Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
       counts, Amazon Web Servicesservices, and supported third-party products
       and helps you analyze your security trends  and  identify  the  highest
       priority security issues.

       To  help  you  manage the security state of your organization, Security
       Hub supports multiple security standards. These include the Amazon  Web
       Services Foundational Security Best Practices (FSBP) standard developed
       by Amazon Web Services, and external compliance frameworks such as  the
       Center  for Internet Security (CIS), the Payment Card Industry Data Se-
       curity Standard (PCI DSS), and the National Institute of Standards  and
       Technology  (NIST).  Each  standard includes several security controls,
       each of which represents a security best practice.  Security  Hub  runs
       checks against security controls and generates control findings to help
       you assess your compliance against security best practices.

       In addition to generating control findings, Security Hub also  receives
       findings  from other Amazon Web Servicesservices, such as Amazon Guard-
       Duty and Amazon Inspector, and  supported  third-party  products.  This
       gives you a single pane of glass into a variety of security-related is-
       sues. You can also send Security Hub findings to other Amazon Web  Ser-
       vicesservices and supported third-party products.

       Security  Hub offers automation features that help you triage and reme-
       diate security issues. For example, you can use automation rules to au-
       tomatically  update  critical findings when a security check fails. You
       can also leverage the integration with Amazon  EventBridge  to  trigger
       automatic responses to specific findings.

       This guide, the Security Hub API Reference , provides information about
       the Security Hub API. This includes supported resources, HTTP  methods,
       parameters,  and schemas. If you're new to Security Hub, you might find
       it  helpful  to  also  review   the   `   Security   Hub   User   Guide
       https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/what-is-securityhub.html`__
       . The user guide explains key concepts  and  provides  procedures  that
       demonstrate how to use Security Hub features. It also provides informa-
       tion about topics such as integrating Security Hub  with  other  Amazon
       Web Servicesservices.

       In addition to interacting with Security Hub by making calls to the Se-
       curity Hub API, you can use a current version of an Amazon Web Services
       command  line  tool or SDK. Amazon Web Services provides tools and SDKs
       that consist of libraries and sample code  for  various  languages  and
       platforms,  such  as PowerShell, Java, Go, Python, C++, and .NET. These
       tools and SDKs provide convenient, programmatic access to Security  Hub
       and  other Amazon Web Servicesservices . They also handle tasks such as
       signing requests, managing errors, and retrying requests automatically.
       For  information  about  installing  and  using the Amazon Web Services
       tools and SDKs, see Tools to Build on Amazon Web Services .

       With the exception of operations that are related to central configura-
       tion,  Security  Hub  API  requests are executed only in the Amazon Web
       Services Region that is currently active or in the specific Amazon  Web
       Services  Region that you specify in your request. Any configuration or
       settings change that results from the operation is applied only to that
       Region. To make the same change in other Regions, call the same API op-
       eration in each Region in which you want to apply the change. When  you
       use  central  configuration,  API  requests  for enabling Security Hub,
       standards, and controls are executed in the home Region and all  linked
       Regions.  For  a  list  of  central  configuration  operations, see the
       Central configuration terms and concepts section of  the  Security  Hub
       User Guide .

       The following throttling limits apply to Security Hub API operations.

       o BatchEnableStandards  - RateLimit of 1 request per second. BurstLimit
         of 1 request per second.

       o GetFindings - RateLimit of 3 requests per second. BurstLimit of 6 re-
         quests per second.

       o BatchImportFindings - RateLimit of 10 requests per second. BurstLimit
         of 30 requests per second.

       o BatchUpdateFindings - RateLimit of 10 requests per second. BurstLimit
         of 30 requests per second.

       o UpdateStandardsControl   -   RateLimit   of  1  request  per  second.
         BurstLimit of 5 requests per second.

       o All  other  operations  -  RateLimit  of  10  requests  per   second.
         BurstLimit of 30 requests per second.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o accept-administrator-invitation

       o batch-delete-automation-rules

       o batch-disable-standards

       o batch-enable-standards

       o batch-get-automation-rules

       o batch-get-configuration-policy-associations

       o batch-get-security-controls

       o batch-get-standards-control-associations

       o batch-import-findings

       o batch-update-automation-rules

       o batch-update-findings

       o batch-update-standards-control-associations

       o create-action-target

       o create-automation-rule

       o create-configuration-policy

       o create-finding-aggregator

       o create-insight

       o create-members

       o decline-invitations

       o delete-action-target

       o delete-configuration-policy

       o delete-finding-aggregator

       o delete-insight

       o delete-invitations

       o delete-members

       o describe-action-targets

       o describe-hub

       o describe-organization-configuration

       o describe-products

       o describe-standards

       o describe-standards-controls

       o disable-import-findings-for-product

       o disable-organization-admin-account

       o disable-security-hub

       o disassociate-from-administrator-account

       o disassociate-members

       o enable-import-findings-for-product

       o enable-organization-admin-account

       o enable-security-hub

       o get-administrator-account

       o get-configuration-policy

       o get-configuration-policy-association

       o get-enabled-standards

       o get-finding-aggregator

       o get-finding-history

       o get-findings

       o get-insight-results

       o get-insights

       o get-invitations-count

       o get-members

       o get-security-control-definition

       o help

       o invite-members

       o list-automation-rules

       o list-configuration-policies

       o list-configuration-policy-associations

       o list-enabled-products-for-import

       o list-finding-aggregators

       o list-invitations

       o list-members

       o list-organization-admin-accounts

       o list-security-control-definitions

       o list-standards-control-associations

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o start-configuration-policy-association

       o start-configuration-policy-disassociation

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-action-target

       o update-configuration-policy

       o update-finding-aggregator

       o update-findings

       o update-insight

       o update-organization-configuration

       o update-security-control

       o update-security-hub-configuration

       o update-standards-control



                                                                 SECURITYHUB()
