SIGNER()                                                              SIGNER()



NAME
       signer -

DESCRIPTION
       AWS  Signer  is a fully managed code-signing service to help you ensure
       the trust and integrity of your code.

       Signer supports the following applications:

       With code signing for AWS Lambda, you can sign  AWS  Lambda  deployment
       packages.  Integrated support is provided for Amazon S3 , Amazon Cloud-
       Watch , and AWS CloudTrail . In order to sign code, you create a  sign-
       ing profile and then use Signer to sign Lambda zip files in S3.

       With code signing for IoT, you can sign code for any IoT device that is
       supported by AWS. IoT code signing is available for Amazon FreeRTOS and
       AWS IoT Device Management , and is integrated with AWS Certificate Man-
       ager (ACM) . In order to sign code, you import a third-party code-sign-
       ing  certificate  using  ACM,  and  use  that to sign updates in Amazon
       FreeRTOS and AWS IoT Device Management.

       With Signer and the Notation CLI from the Notary Project , you can sign
       container  images stored in a container registry such as Amazon Elastic
       Container Registry (ECR). The signatures are  stored  in  the  registry
       alongside  the images, where they are available for verifying image au-
       thenticity and integrity.

       For more information about Signer, see the AWS Signer Developer Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o add-profile-permission

       o cancel-signing-profile

       o describe-signing-job

       o get-revocation-status

       o get-signing-platform

       o get-signing-profile

       o help

       o list-profile-permissions

       o list-signing-jobs

       o list-signing-platforms

       o list-signing-profiles

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o put-signing-profile

       o remove-profile-permission

       o revoke-signature

       o revoke-signing-profile

       o sign-payload

       o start-signing-job

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o wait



                                                                      SIGNER()
