SOCIALMESSAGING()                                            SOCIALMESSAGING()



NAME
       socialmessaging -

DESCRIPTION
          Amazon  Web Services End User Messaging Social , also referred to as
          Social messaging, is a messaging service  that  enables  application
          developers  to  incorporate  WhatsApp into their existing workflows.
          The Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social API  provides  in-
          formation  about  the  Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social
          API resources, including supported  HTTP  methods,  parameters,  and
          schemas.

       The Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social API provides program-
       matic access to options that are unique to the WhatsApp Business  Plat-
       form.

       If  you're new to the Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social API
       , it's also helpful to review What is Amazon Web Services End User Mes-
       saging Social in the Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social User
       Guide . The Amazon Web Services End User Messaging  Social  User  Guide
       provides  tutorials,  code samples, and procedures that demonstrate how
       to use Amazon Web Services End User Messaging Social API features  pro-
       grammatically and how to integrate functionality into applications. The
       guide also provides key information, such  as  integration  with  other
       Amazon  Web  Services services, and the quotas that apply to use of the
       service.
          Regional availability

       The Amazon Web Services End User  Messaging  Social  API  is  available
       across  several Amazon Web Services Regions and it provides a dedicated
       endpoint for each of these Regions. For a list of all the  Regions  and
       endpoints where the API is currently available, see Amazon Web Services
       Service Endpoints and Amazon Web Services End User Messaging  endpoints
       and  quotas in the Amazon Web Services General Reference. To learn more
       about Amazon Web Services Regions, see Managing Amazon Web Services Re-
       gions in the Amazon Web Services General Reference.

       In  each  Region,  Amazon  Web Services maintains multiple Availability
       Zones. These Availability  Zones  are  physically  isolated  from  each
       other,  but  are  united  by private, low-latency, high-throughput, and
       highly redundant network connections. These Availability  Zones  enable
       us  to  provide  very high levels of availability and redundancy, while
       also minimizing latency. To learn more about the number of Availability
       Zones that are available in each Region, see Amazon Web Services Global
       Infrastructure.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-whatsapp-business-account

       o delete-whatsapp-media-message

       o disassociate-whatsapp-business-account

       o get-linked-whatsapp-business-account

       o get-linked-whatsapp-business-account-phone-number

       o get-whatsapp-message-media

       o help

       o list-linked-whatsapp-business-accounts

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o post-whatsapp-message-media

       o put-whatsapp-business-account-event-destinations

       o send-whatsapp-message

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource



                                                             SOCIALMESSAGING()
