SSO-OIDC()                                                          SSO-OIDC()



NAME
       sso-oidc -

DESCRIPTION
       IAM Identity Center OpenID Connect (OIDC) is a web service that enables
       a client (such as CLI or a native application)  to  register  with  IAM
       Identity Center. The service also enables the client to fetch the users
       access token upon successful authentication and authorization with  IAM
       Identity Center.

       NOTE:
              IAM  Identity  Center  uses  the sso and identitystore API name-
              spaces.

          Considerations for Using This Guide

       Before you begin using this guide, we recommend that you  first  review
       the  following  important information about how the IAM Identity Center
       OIDC service works.

       o The IAM Identity Center OIDC service currently  implements  only  the
         portions  of  the  OAuth  2.0  Device Authorization Grant standard (-
         https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8628 ) that are  necessary  to  enable
         single sign-on authentication with the CLI.

       o With  older  versions  of the CLI, the service only emits OIDC access
         tokens, so to obtain a new token, users must explicitly  re-authenti-
         cate.  To access the OIDC flow that supports token refresh and doesnt
         require re-authentication, update to the latest CLI version  (1.27.10
         for  CLI V1 and 2.9.0 for CLI V2) with support for OIDC token refresh
         and configurable IAM Identity Center session durations. For more  in-
         formation,  see  Configure  Amazon Web Services access portal session
         duration .

       o The access tokens provided by this service grant access to all Amazon
         Web  Services account entitlements assigned to an IAM Identity Center
         user, not just a particular application.

       o The documentation in this guide does not describe  the  mechanism  to
         convert  the  access token into Amazon Web Services Auth (sigv4) cre-
         dentials for use with IAM-protected Amazon Web Services service  end-
         points. For more information, see GetRoleCredentials in the IAM Iden-
         tity Center Portal API Reference Guide .

       For general information about IAM Identity  Center,  see  What  is  IAM
       Identity Center? in the IAM Identity Center User Guide .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-token

       o create-token-with-iam

       o help

       o register-client

       o start-device-authorization



                                                                    SSO-OIDC()
