STEPFUNCTIONS()                                                STEPFUNCTIONS()



NAME
       stepfunctions -

DESCRIPTION
       Step  Functions is a service that lets you coordinate the components of
       distributed applications and microservices using visual workflows.

       You can use Step Functions to build applications from individual compo-
       nents,  each  of which performs a discrete function, or task , allowing
       you to scale and change applications quickly. Step Functions provides a
       console  that  helps  visualize the components of your application as a
       series of steps. Step Functions automatically triggers and tracks  each
       step, and retries steps when there are errors, so your application exe-
       cutes predictably and in the right order  every  time.  Step  Functions
       logs  the state of each step, so you can quickly diagnose and debug any
       issues.

       Step Functions manages operations and underlying infrastructure to  en-
       sure  your  application is available at any scale. You can run tasks on
       Amazon Web Services, your own servers, or any system that has access to
       Amazon  Web  Services.  You can access and use Step Functions using the
       console, the Amazon Web Services SDKs, or an HTTP API. For more  infor-
       mation about Step Functions, see the * Step Functions Developer Guide *
       .

       WARNING:
          If you use the Step Functions API actions using Amazon Web  Services
          SDK  integrations,  make  sure the API actions are in camel case and
          parameter names are in Pascal case. For example, you could use  Step
          Functions API action startSyncExecution and specify its parameter as
          StateMachineArn .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o create-activity

       o create-state-machine

       o create-state-machine-alias

       o delete-activity

       o delete-state-machine

       o delete-state-machine-alias

       o delete-state-machine-version

       o describe-activity

       o describe-execution

       o describe-map-run

       o describe-state-machine

       o describe-state-machine-alias

       o describe-state-machine-for-execution

       o get-activity-task

       o get-execution-history

       o help

       o list-activities

       o list-executions

       o list-map-runs

       o list-state-machine-aliases

       o list-state-machine-versions

       o list-state-machines

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o publish-state-machine-version

       o redrive-execution

       o send-task-failure

       o send-task-heartbeat

       o send-task-success

       o start-execution

       o start-sync-execution

       o stop-execution

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-map-run

       o update-state-machine

       o update-state-machine-alias



                                                               STEPFUNCTIONS()
