WAFV2()                                                                WAFV2()



NAME
       wafv2 -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  is  the  latest  version of the WAF API, released in November,
          2019. The names of the entities that you use  to  access  this  API,
          like  endpoints  and namespaces, all have the versioning information
          added, like "V2" or "v2", to distinguish from the prior version.  We
          recommend migrating your resources to this version, because it has a
          number of significant improvements.

          If you used WAF prior to this release, you can't use this WAFV2  API
          to  access any WAF resources that you created before. You can access
          your old rules, web ACLs, and other WAF resources only  through  the
          WAF  Classic  APIs.  The  WAF  Classic  APIs have retained the prior
          names, endpoints, and namespaces.

          For information, including how to migrate your WAF resources to this
          version, see the WAF Developer Guide .

       WAF  is  a  web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and
       HTTPS requests that are forwarded to an Amazon CloudFront distribution,
       Amazon API Gateway REST API, Application Load Balancer, AppSync GraphQL
       API, Amazon Cognito user pool, or App Runner service. WAF also lets you
       control  access to your content, to protect the Amazon Web Services re-
       source that WAF is monitoring. Based on conditions  that  you  specify,
       such  as the IP addresses that requests originate from or the values of
       query strings, the protected resource responds to requests with  either
       the  requested  content, an HTTP 403 status code (Forbidden), or with a
       custom response.

       This API guide is for developers who need  detailed  information  about
       WAF API actions, data types, and errors. For detailed information about
       WAF features and guidance for configuring and using WAF,  see  the  WAF
       Developer Guide .

       You can make calls using the endpoints listed in WAF endpoints and quo-
       tas .

       o For regional applications, you can use any of the  endpoints  in  the
         list.  A  regional  application  can  be an Application Load Balancer
         (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST API, an  AppSync  GraphQL  API,  an
         Amazon Cognito user pool, or an App Runner service.

       o For  Amazon  CloudFront  applications,  you must use the API endpoint
         listed for US East (N. Virginia): us-east-1.

       Alternatively, you can use one of the Amazon Web Services SDKs  to  ac-
       cess  an  API  that's  tailored to the programming language or platform
       that you're using. For more information, see Amazon Web Services SDKs .

       We currently provide two versions of the WAF  API:  this  API  and  the
       prior  versions,  the  classic WAF APIs. This new API provides the same
       functionality as the older versions, with the following major  improve-
       ments:

       o You  use one API for both global and regional applications. Where you
         need to distinguish the scope, you specify a Scope parameter and  set
         it to CLOUDFRONT or REGIONAL .

       o You can define a web ACL or rule group with a single call, and update
         it with a single call. You define all  rule  specifications  in  JSON
         format, and pass them to your rule group or web ACL calls.

       o The  limits  WAF places on the use of rules more closely reflects the
         cost of running each type of rule. Rule groups include capacity  set-
         tings, so you know the maximum cost of a rule group when you use it.

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o associate-web-acl

       o check-capacity

       o create-ip-set

       o create-regex-pattern-set

       o create-rule-group

       o create-web-acl

       o delete-firewall-manager-rule-groups

       o delete-ip-set

       o delete-logging-configuration

       o delete-permission-policy

       o delete-regex-pattern-set

       o delete-rule-group

       o delete-web-acl

       o describe-managed-rule-group

       o disassociate-web-acl

       o generate-mobile-sdk-release-url

       o get-ip-set

       o get-logging-configuration

       o get-managed-rule-set

       o get-mobile-sdk-release

       o get-permission-policy

       o get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys

       o get-regex-pattern-set

       o get-rule-group

       o get-sampled-requests

       o get-web-acl

       o get-web-acl-for-resource

       o help

       o list-available-managed-rule-group-versions

       o list-available-managed-rule-groups

       o list-ip-sets

       o list-logging-configurations

       o list-managed-rule-sets

       o list-mobile-sdk-releases

       o list-regex-pattern-sets

       o list-resources-for-web-acl

       o list-rule-groups

       o list-tags-for-resource

       o list-web-acls

       o put-logging-configuration

       o put-managed-rule-set-versions

       o put-permission-policy

       o tag-resource

       o untag-resource

       o update-ip-set

       o update-managed-rule-set-version-expiry-date

       o update-regex-pattern-set

       o update-rule-group

       o update-web-acl



                                                                       WAFV2()
