WORKDOCS()                                                          WORKDOCS()



NAME
       workdocs -

DESCRIPTION
       The Amazon WorkDocs API is designed for the following use cases:

       o File  Migration:  File migration applications are supported for users
         who want to migrate their files from an on-premises  or  off-premises
         file  system or service. Users can insert files into a user directory
         structure, as well as allow for basic metadata changes, such as modi-
         fications to the permissions of files.

       o Security:  Support  security applications are supported for users who
         have additional security needs, such as antivirus or data  loss  pre-
         vention. The API actions, along with CloudTrail, allow these applica-
         tions to detect when changes occur in Amazon WorkDocs. Then, the  ap-
         plication can take the necessary actions and replace the target file.
         If the target file violates the  policy,  the  application  can  also
         choose to email the user.

       o eDiscovery/Analytics:  General  administrative  applications are sup-
         ported, such as eDiscovery  and  analytics.  These  applications  can
         choose  to  mimic  or  record the actions in an Amazon WorkDocs site,
         along with CloudTrail, to replicate data for eDiscovery,  backup,  or
         analytical applications.

       All  Amazon  WorkDocs API actions are Amazon authenticated and certifi-
       cate-signed. They not only require the use of the Amazon  Web  Services
       SDK,  but  also  allow  for the exclusive use of IAM users and roles to
       help facilitate access, trust, and permission policies. By  creating  a
       role  and  allowing an IAM user to access the Amazon WorkDocs site, the
       IAM user gains full administrative visibility into  the  entire  Amazon
       WorkDocs  site (or as set in the IAM policy). This includes, but is not
       limited to, the ability to modify file permissions and upload any  file
       to  any  user.  This  allows  developers to perform the three use cases
       above, as well as give users the ability to grant access on a selective
       basis using the IAM model.

       NOTE:
          The  pricing  for  Amazon  WorkDocs APIs varies depending on the API
          call type for these actions:

          o READ (Get*)

          o WRITE (Activate*, Add*, Create*, Deactivate*, Initiate*, Update*)

          o LIST (Describe*)

          o DELETE*, CANCEL

          For information about Amazon WorkDocs API pricing, see Amazon  Work-
          Docs Pricing .

AVAILABLE COMMANDS
       o abort-document-version-upload

       o activate-user

       o add-resource-permissions

       o create-comment

       o create-custom-metadata

       o create-folder

       o create-labels

       o create-notification-subscription

       o create-user

       o deactivate-user

       o delete-comment

       o delete-custom-metadata

       o delete-document

       o delete-document-version

       o delete-folder

       o delete-folder-contents

       o delete-labels

       o delete-notification-subscription

       o delete-user

       o describe-activities

       o describe-comments

       o describe-document-versions

       o describe-folder-contents

       o describe-groups

       o describe-notification-subscriptions

       o describe-resource-permissions

       o describe-root-folders

       o describe-users

       o get-current-user

       o get-document

       o get-document-path

       o get-document-version

       o get-folder

       o get-folder-path

       o get-resources

       o help

       o initiate-document-version-upload

       o remove-all-resource-permissions

       o remove-resource-permission

       o restore-document-versions

       o update-document

       o update-document-version

       o update-folder

       o update-user



                                                                    WORKDOCS()
