CANCEL-DATA-REPOSITORY-TASK()                    CANCEL-DATA-REPOSITORY-TASK()



NAME
       cancel-data-repository-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  an existing Amazon FSx for Lustre data repository task if that
       task is in either the PENDING or EXECUTING state.  When  you  cancel  a
       task, Amazon FSx does the following.

       o Any files that FSx has already exported are not reverted.

       o FSx  continues to export any files that are "in-flight" when the can-
         cel operation is received.

       o FSx does not export any files that have not yet been exported.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-data-repository-task
          --task-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-id (string)
          Specifies the data repository task to cancel.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Lifecycle -> (string)
          The lifecycle status of the data repository task, as follows:

          o PENDING - Amazon FSx has not started the task.

          o EXECUTING - Amazon FSx is processing the task.

          o FAILED - Amazon FSx was not able to complete the task.  For  exam-
            ple,   there  may  be  files  the  task  failed  to  process.  The
            DataRepositoryTaskFailureDetails property provides  more  informa-
            tion about task failures.

          o SUCCEEDED - FSx completed the task successfully.

          o CANCELED - Amazon FSx canceled the task and it did not complete.

          o CANCELING - FSx is in process of canceling the task.

       TaskId -> (string)
          The ID of the task being canceled.



                                                 CANCEL-DATA-REPOSITORY-TASK()
