DELETE-BACKUP()                                                DELETE-BACKUP()



NAME
       delete-backup -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an Amazon FSx backup. After deletion, the backup no longer ex-
       ists, and its data is gone.

       The DeleteBackup call returns instantly. The backup won't  show  up  in
       later DescribeBackups calls.

       WARNING:
          The  data in a deleted backup is also deleted and can't be recovered
          by any means.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-backup
          --backup-id <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-id (string)
          The ID of the backup that you want to delete.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A string of up to 64 ASCII characters that Amazon FSx uses to ensure
          idempotent  deletion. This parameter is automatically filled on your
          behalf when using the CLI or SDK.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BackupId -> (string)
          The ID of the backup that was deleted.

       Lifecycle -> (string)
          The lifecycle status of the backup. If the DeleteBackup operation is
          successful, the status is DELETED .



                                                               DELETE-BACKUP()
