DELETE-DATA-REPOSITORY-ASSOCIATION()      DELETE-DATA-REPOSITORY-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       delete-data-repository-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a data repository association on an Amazon FSx for Lustre file
       system. Deleting the data repository association unlinks the file  sys-
       tem from the Amazon S3 bucket. When deleting a data repository associa-
       tion, you have the option of deleting the data in the file system  that
       corresponds to the data repository association. Data repository associ-
       ations are supported only for file systems with  the  Persistent_2  de-
       ployment type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-data-repository-association
          --association-id <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          --delete-data-in-file-system | --no-delete-data-in-file-system
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --association-id (string)
          The ID of the data repository association that you want to delete.

       --client-request-token (string)
          (Optional)  An  idempotency token for resource creation, in a string
          of up to 64 ASCII characters. This token is automatically filled  on
          your behalf when you use the Command Line Interface (CLI) or an Ama-
          zon Web Services SDK.

       --delete-data-in-file-system |  --no-delete-data-in-file-system  (bool-
       ean)
          Set  to  true to delete the data in the file system that corresponds
          to the data repository association.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AssociationId -> (string)
          The ID of the data repository association being deleted.

       Lifecycle -> (string)
          Describes the lifecycle state of the data repository association be-
          ing deleted.

       DeleteDataInFileSystem -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  data  in the file system that corresponds to the
          data repository association is being deleted. Default is false .



                                          DELETE-DATA-REPOSITORY-ASSOCIATION()
