DELETE-SNAPSHOT()                                            DELETE-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       delete-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the Amazon FSx snapshot. After deletion, the snapshot no longer
       exists, and its data is gone. Deleting a snapshot doesn't affect  snap-
       shots stored in a file system backup.

       The  DeleteSnapshot  operation  returns instantly. The snapshot appears
       with the lifecycle status of DELETING until the deletion is complete.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-snapshot
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          --snapshot-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-request-token (string)
          (Optional) An idempotency token for resource creation, in  a  string
          of  up to 64 ASCII characters. This token is automatically filled on
          your behalf when you use the Command Line Interface (CLI) or an Ama-
          zon Web Services SDK.

       --snapshot-id (string)
          The ID of the snapshot that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SnapshotId -> (string)
          The ID of the deleted snapshot.

       Lifecycle -> (string)
          The  lifecycle  status of the snapshot. If the DeleteSnapshot opera-
          tion is successful, this status is DELETING .



                                                             DELETE-SNAPSHOT()
