DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM-ALIASES()          DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM-ALIASES()



NAME
       disassociate-file-system-aliases -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  this  action  to  disassociate, or remove, one or more Domain Name
       Service (DNS) aliases from an Amazon FSx for Windows File  Server  file
       system.  If you attempt to disassociate a DNS alias that is not associ-
       ated with the file system, Amazon FSx responds with a 400 Bad  Request.
       For more information, see Working with DNS Aliases .

       The  system  generated response showing the DNS aliases that Amazon FSx
       is attempting to disassociate from the file system. Use the API  opera-
       tion  to monitor the status of the aliases Amazon FSx is disassociating
       with the file system.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-file-system-aliases
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          --file-system-id <value>
          --aliases <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-request-token (string)
          (Optional) An idempotency token for resource creation, in  a  string
          of  up to 64 ASCII characters. This token is automatically filled on
          your behalf when you use the Command Line Interface (CLI) or an Ama-
          zon Web Services SDK.

       --file-system-id (string)
          Specifies  the  file  system  from  which  to  disassociate  the DNS
          aliases.

       --aliases (list)
          An array of one or more DNS alias names to disassociate, or  remove,
          from the file system.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Aliases -> (list)
          An array of one or more DNS aliases that Amazon FSx is attempting to
          disassociate from the file system.

          (structure)
              A DNS alias that is associated with the file system. You can use
              a  DNS  alias  to  access  a  file system using user-defined DNS
              names, in addition to the default DNS name that Amazon  FSx  as-
              signs  to the file system. For more information, see DNS aliases
              in the FSx for Windows File Server User Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the DNS alias. The alias name  has  to  meet  the
                 following requirements:

                 o Formatted  as  a  fully-qualified domain name (FQDN), host-
                   name.domain , for example, accounting.example.com .

                 o Can contain alphanumeric characters,  the  underscore  (_),
                   and the hyphen (-).

                 o Cannot start or end with a hyphen.

                 o Can start with a numeric.

                 For  DNS  names,  Amazon  FSx stores alphabetic characters as
                 lowercase letters (a-z), regardless of how you specify  them:
                 as uppercase letters, lowercase letters, or the corresponding
                 letters in escape codes.

              Lifecycle -> (string)
                 Describes the state of the DNS alias.

                 o AVAILABLE - The DNS alias is associated with an Amazon  FSx
                   file system.

                 o CREATING - Amazon FSx is creating the DNS alias and associ-
                   ating it with the file system.

                 o CREATE_FAILED - Amazon FSx was unable to associate the  DNS
                   alias with the file system.

                 o DELETING  - Amazon FSx is disassociating the DNS alias from
                   the file system and deleting it.

                 o DELETE_FAILED - Amazon FSx was unable to  disassociate  the
                   DNS alias from the file system.



                                            DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM-ALIASES()
