GET-APPLICATION-COMPONENT-STRATEGIES()  GET-APPLICATION-COMPONENT-STRATEGIES()



NAME
       get-application-component-strategies -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a list of all the recommended strategies and tools for an ap-
       plication component running on a server.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-application-component-strategies
          --application-component-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-component-id (string)
          The ID of the application component. The ID is unique within an  AWS
          account.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationComponentStrategies -> (list)
          A list of application component strategy recommendations.

          (structure)
              Contains  information about a strategy recommendation for an ap-
              plication component.

              isPreferred -> (boolean)
                 Set to true if the recommendation is set as preferred.

              recommendation -> (structure)
                 Strategy recommendation for the application component.

                 strategy -> (string)
                     The recommended strategy.

                 targetDestination -> (string)
                     The recommended target destination.

                 transformationTool -> (structure)
                     The target destination for the recommendation set.

                     description -> (string)
                        Description of the tool.

                     name -> (string)
                        Name of the tool.

                     tranformationToolInstallationLink -> (string)
                        URL for installing the tool.

              status -> (string)
                 The recommendation status of a strategy  for  an  application
                 component.



                                        GET-APPLICATION-COMPONENT-STRATEGIES()
