GET-SERVER-STRATEGIES()                                GET-SERVER-STRATEGIES()



NAME
       get-server-strategies -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves recommended strategies and tools for the specified server.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-server-strategies
          --server-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --server-id (string)
          The ID of the server.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       serverStrategies -> (list)
          A list of strategy recommendations for the server.

          (structure)
              Contains  information  about  a  strategy  recommendation  for a
              server.

              isPreferred -> (boolean)
                 Set to true if the recommendation is set as preferred.

              numberOfApplicationComponents -> (integer)
                 The number of application components with this strategy  rec-
                 ommendation running on the server.

              recommendation -> (structure)
                 Strategy recommendation for the server.

                 strategy -> (string)
                     The recommended strategy.

                 targetDestination -> (string)
                     The recommended target destination.

                 transformationTool -> (structure)
                     The target destination for the recommendation set.

                     description -> (string)
                        Description of the tool.

                     name -> (string)
                        Name of the tool.

                     tranformationToolInstallationLink -> (string)
                        URL for installing the tool.

              status -> (string)
                 The recommendation status of the strategy for the server.



                                                       GET-SERVER-STRATEGIES()
