DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE()                            DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE()



NAME
       delete-bucket-lifecycle -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  lifecycle configuration from the specified bucket. Amazon
       S3 removes all the lifecycle configuration rules in the lifecycle  sub-
       resource  associated  with  the  bucket. Your objects never expire, and
       Amazon S3 no longer automatically deletes any objects on the  basis  of
       rules contained in the deleted lifecycle configuration.

       To  use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3:Put-
       LifecycleConfiguration action. By default, the bucket  owner  has  this
       permission and the bucket owner can grant this permission to others.

       There  is usually some time lag before lifecycle configuration deletion
       is fully propagated to all the Amazon S3 systems.

       For more information about the object expiration, see Elements  to  De-
       scribe Lifecycle Actions .

       Related actions include:

       o PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration

       o GetBucketLifecycleConfiguration

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-lifecycle
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name of the lifecycle to delete.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403  (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command deletes a lifecycle configuration from  a  bucket
       named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-lifecycle --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-BUCKET-LIFECYCLE()
