DELETE-BUCKET-CORS()                                      DELETE-BUCKET-CORS()



NAME
       delete-bucket-cors -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the cors configuration information set for the bucket.

       To  use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3:Put-
       BucketCORS action. The bucket owner has this permission by default  and
       can grant this permission to others.

       For information about cors , see Enabling Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
       in the Amazon S3 User Guide .
          Related Resources:

       o PutBucketCors

       o RESTOPTIONSobject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-cors
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket whose cors configuration is being deleted.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The following command deletes a Cross-Origin Resource Sharing  configu-
       ration from a bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-cors --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-BUCKET-CORS()
