DELETE-BUCKET-REPLICATION()                        DELETE-BUCKET-REPLICATION()



NAME
       delete-bucket-replication -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the replication configuration from the bucket.

       To  use this operation, you must have permissions to perform the s3:Pu-
       tReplicationConfiguration action. The bucket owner  has  these  permis-
       sions by default and can grant it to others. For more information about
       permissions, see Permissions Related to Bucket  Subresource  Operations
       and Managing Access Permissions to Your Amazon S3 Resources .

       NOTE:
          It  can take a while for the deletion of a replication configuration
          to fully propagate.

       For information about replication configuration, see Replication in the
       Amazon S3 User Guide .

       The following operations are related to DeleteBucketReplication :

       o PutBucketReplication

       o GetBucketReplication

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-replication
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403  (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command deletes a replication configuration from a bucket
       named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-replication --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-BUCKET-REPLICATION()
