DELETE-BUCKET-WEBSITE()                                DELETE-BUCKET-WEBSITE()



NAME
       delete-bucket-website -

DESCRIPTION
       This  action  removes the website configuration for a bucket. Amazon S3
       returns a 200 OK response upon successfully deleting a website configu-
       ration  on  the specified bucket. You will get a 200 OK response if the
       website configuration you are trying to delete does not  exist  on  the
       bucket. Amazon S3 returns a 404 response if the bucket specified in the
       request does not exist.

       This DELETE action requires the S3:DeleteBucketWebsite  permission.  By
       default, only the bucket owner can delete the website configuration at-
       tached to a bucket. However, bucket owners can grant other  users  per-
       mission  to delete the website configuration by writing a bucket policy
       granting them the S3:DeleteBucketWebsite permission.

       For more information about hosting websites, see  Hosting  Websites  on
       Amazon S3 .

       The following operations are related to DeleteBucketWebsite :

       o GetBucketWebsite

       o PutBucketWebsite

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-website
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The  bucket name for which you want to remove the website configura-
          tion.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The following command deletes a website  configuration  from  a  bucket
       named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-website --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-BUCKET-WEBSITE()
