DELETE-BUCKET()                                                DELETE-BUCKET()



NAME
       delete-bucket -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  S3 bucket. All objects (including all object versions and
       delete markers) in the bucket must be deleted before the bucket  itself
       can be deleted.
          Related Resources

       o CreateBucket

       o DeleteObject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          Specifies the bucket being deleted.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403  (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command deletes a bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket --bucket my-bucket --region us-east-1

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-BUCKET()
