DELETE-BUCKET-ENCRYPTION()                          DELETE-BUCKET-ENCRYPTION()



NAME
       delete-bucket-encryption -

DESCRIPTION
       This  implementation  of  the  DELETE action removes default encryption
       from the bucket. For information about the Amazon S3 default encryption
       feature,  see Amazon S3 Default Bucket Encryption in the Amazon S3 User
       Guide .

       To use this operation, you must have permissions to perform the  s3:Pu-
       tEncryptionConfiguration  action.  The bucket owner has this permission
       by default. The bucket owner can grant this permission to  others.  For
       more  information  about permissions, see Permissions Related to Bucket
       Subresource Operations and Managing Access Permissions to  your  Amazon
       S3 Resources in the Amazon S3 User Guide .
          Related Resources

       o PutBucketEncryption

       o GetBucketEncryption

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-encryption
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket containing the server-side encryption config-
          uration to delete.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403 (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete the server-side encryption configuration of a bucket

       The following delete-bucket-encryption example deletes the  server-side
       encryption configuration of the specified bucket.

          aws s3api delete-bucket-encryption \
              --bucket my-bucket

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-BUCKET-ENCRYPTION()
