DELETE-BUCKET-TAGGING()                                DELETE-BUCKET-TAGGING()



NAME
       delete-bucket-tagging -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the tags from the bucket.

       To  use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3:Put-
       BucketTagging action. By default, the bucket owner has this  permission
       and can grant this permission to others.

       The following operations are related to DeleteBucketTagging :

       o GetBucketTagging

       o PutBucketTagging

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-tagging
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket that has the tag set to be removed.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  deletes  a tagging configuration from a bucket
       named my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-tagging --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-BUCKET-TAGGING()
