DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()                                  DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-bucket-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       This implementation of the DELETE action uses the policy subresource to
       delete the policy of a specified bucket. If you are using  an  identity
       other  than  the root user of the Amazon Web Services account that owns
       the bucket, the calling identity must have the DeleteBucketPolicy  per-
       missions  on  the specified bucket and belong to the bucket owner's ac-
       count to use this operation.

       If you don't have DeleteBucketPolicy permissions, Amazon S3  returns  a
       403  Access  Denied  error.  If  you  have the correct permissions, but
       you're not using an identity that belongs to  the  bucket  owner's  ac-
       count, Amazon S3 returns a 405 Method Not Allowed error.

       WARNING:
          As  a  security precaution, the root user of the Amazon Web Services
          account that owns a bucket can always use this  operation,  even  if
          the  policy  explicitly  denies the root user the ability to perform
          this action.

       For more information about bucket policies, see Using  Bucket  Policies
       and UserPolicies .

       The following operations are related to DeleteBucketPolicy

       o CreateBucket

       o DeleteObject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bucket-policy
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403  (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The  following  command  deletes  a  bucket  policy from a bucket named
       my-bucket:

          aws s3api delete-bucket-policy --bucket my-bucket

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-BUCKET-POLICY()
