GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()                              GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()



NAME
       get-bucket-replication -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This operation is not supported by directory buckets.

       Returns the replication configuration of a bucket.

       NOTE:
          It  can  take  a  while to propagate the put or delete a replication
          configuration to all Amazon S3 systems.  Therefore,  a  get  request
          soon after put or delete can return a wrong result.

       For information about replication configuration, see Replication in the
       Amazon S3 User Guide .

       This action requires permissions for the s3:GetReplicationConfiguration
       action.  For more information about permissions, see Using Bucket Poli-
       cies and User Policies .

       If you include the Filter element in a replication  configuration,  you
       must  also  include  the DeleteMarkerReplication and Priority elements.
       The response also returns those elements.

       For information about GetBucketReplication errors, see List of replica-
       tion-related error codes

       The following operations are related to GetBucketReplication :

       o PutBucketReplication

       o DeleteBucketReplication

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-replication
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name for which to get the replication information.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the account ID that
          you provide does not match the actual owner of the bucket,  the  re-
          quest fails with the HTTP status code 403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  retrieves  the replication configuration for a
       bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api get-bucket-replication --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "ReplicationConfiguration": {
                  "Rules": [
                      {
                          "Status": "Enabled",
                          "Prefix": "",
                          "Destination": {
                              "Bucket": "arn:aws:s3:::my-bucket-backup",
                              "StorageClass": "STANDARD"
                          },
                          "ID": "ZmUwNzE4ZmQ4tMjVhOS00MTlkLOGI4NDkzZTIWJjNTUtYTA1"
                      }
                  ],
                  "Role": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/s3-replication-role"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       ReplicationConfiguration -> (structure)
          A container for replication rules. You can add up  to  1,000  rules.
          The maximum size of a replication configuration is 2 MB.

          Role -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Identity and Access Man-
              agement (IAM) role that Amazon S3 assumes when  replicating  ob-
              jects.  For  more  information, see How to Set Up Replication in
              the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          Rules -> (list)
              A container for one or more  replication  rules.  A  replication
              configuration must have at least one rule and can contain a max-
              imum of 1,000 rules.

              (structure)
                 Specifies which Amazon S3 objects to replicate and  where  to
                 store the replicas.

                 ID -> (string)
                     A  unique  identifier  for the rule. The maximum value is
                     255 characters.

                 Priority -> (integer)
                     The priority indicates which rule has precedence whenever
                     two  or  more  replication rules conflict. Amazon S3 will
                     attempt to replicate objects according to all replication
                     rules.  However,  if there are two or more rules with the
                     same destination bucket, then objects will be  replicated
                     according  to  the  rule  with  the highest priority. The
                     higher the number, the higher the priority.

                     For more information, see Replication in  the  Amazon  S3
                     User Guide .

                 Prefix -> (string)
                     An  object  key name prefix that identifies the object or
                     objects to which the rule  applies.  The  maximum  prefix
                     length  is  1,024 characters. To include all objects in a
                     bucket, specify an empty string.

                     WARNING:
                        Replacement must be made for  object  keys  containing
                        special characters (such as carriage returns) when us-
                        ing XML requests. For more information,  see  XML  re-
                        lated object key constraints .

                 Filter -> (structure)
                     A  filter  that identifies the subset of objects to which
                     the replication rule applies. A Filter must  specify  ex-
                     actly one Prefix , Tag , or an And child element.

                     Prefix -> (string)
                        An  object  key name prefix that identifies the subset
                        of objects to which the rule applies.

                        WARNING:
                            Replacement must be made for object keys  contain-
                            ing  special characters (such as carriage returns)
                            when using XML requests. For more information, see
                            XML related object key constraints .

                     Tag -> (structure)
                        A container for specifying a tag key and value.

                        The  rule applies only to objects that have the tag in
                        their tag set.

                        Key -> (string)
                            Name of the object key.

                        Value -> (string)
                            Value of the tag.

                     And -> (structure)
                        A container for specifying rule filters.  The  filters
                        determine  the subset of objects to which the rule ap-
                        plies. This element is required only  if  you  specify
                        more than one filter. For example:

                        o If  you specify both a Prefix and a Tag filter, wrap
                          these filters in an And tag.

                        o If you specify a filter based on multiple tags, wrap
                          the Tag elements in an And tag.

                        Prefix -> (string)
                            An object key name prefix that identifies the sub-
                            set of objects to which the rule applies.

                        Tags -> (list)
                            An array of tags containing key and value pairs.

                            (structure)
                               A container of a key value name pair.

                               Key -> (string)
                                   Name of the object key.

                               Value -> (string)
                                   Value of the tag.

                 Status -> (string)
                     Specifies whether the rule is enabled.

                 SourceSelectionCriteria -> (structure)
                     A container that describes additional filters for identi-
                     fying  the source objects that you want to replicate. You
                     can choose to enable or disable the replication of  these
                     objects.  Currently,  Amazon  S3 supports only the filter
                     that you can specify for objects created with server-side
                     encryption  using a customer managed key stored in Amazon
                     Web Services Key Management Service (SSE-KMS).

                     SseKmsEncryptedObjects -> (structure)
                        A container for filter information for  the  selection
                        of  Amazon  S3  objects encrypted with Amazon Web Ser-
                        vices KMS. If you include  SourceSelectionCriteria  in
                        the  replication  configuration,  this  element is re-
                        quired.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether  Amazon  S3  replicates  objects
                            created  with server-side encryption using an Ama-
                            zon Web Services KMS key stored in Amazon Web Ser-
                            vices Key Management Service.

                     ReplicaModifications -> (structure)
                        A filter that you can specify for selections for modi-
                        fications on replicas.  Amazon  S3  doesn't  replicate
                        replica  modifications  by default. In the latest ver-
                        sion of  replication  configuration  (when  Filter  is
                        specified),  you  can specify this element and set the
                        status to Enabled to replicate modifications on repli-
                        cas.

                        NOTE:
                            If you don't specify the Filter element, Amazon S3
                            assumes that the replication configuration is  the
                            earlier  version, V1. In the earlier version, this
                            element is not allowed

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether Amazon S3  replicates  modifica-
                            tions on replicas.

                 ExistingObjectReplication -> (structure)
                     Optional   configuration  to  replicate  existing  source
                     bucket objects. For more information, see Replicating Ex-
                     isting Objects in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

                     Status -> (string)
                        Specifies whether Amazon S3 replicates existing source
                        bucket objects.

                 Destination -> (structure)
                     A container for information about the replication  desti-
                     nation  and  its configurations including enabling the S3
                     Replication Time Control (S3 RTC).

                     Bucket -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the bucket where you
                        want Amazon S3 to store the results.

                     Account -> (string)
                        Destination  bucket  owner  account ID. In a cross-ac-
                        count scenario, if you  direct  Amazon  S3  to  change
                        replica  ownership  to the Amazon Web Services account
                        that owns the destination bucket by specifying the Ac-
                        cessControlTranslation  property,  this is the account
                        ID of the destination bucket owner. For more  informa-
                        tion, see Replication Additional Configuration: Chang-
                        ing the Replica Owner in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

                     StorageClass -> (string)
                        The storage class to  use  when  replicating  objects,
                        such as S3 Standard or reduced redundancy. By default,
                        Amazon S3 uses the storage class of the source  object
                        to create the object replica.

                        For  valid values, see the StorageClass element of the
                        PUT Bucket replication action in  the  Amazon  S3  API
                        Reference .

                     AccessControlTranslation -> (structure)
                        Specify  this  only in a cross-account scenario (where
                        source and  destination  bucket  owners  are  not  the
                        same), and you want to change replica ownership to the
                        Amazon Web Services account that owns the  destination
                        bucket.  If  this  is not specified in the replication
                        configuration, the replicas are owned by  same  Amazon
                        Web Services account that owns the source object.

                        Owner -> (string)
                            Specifies  the  replica ownership. For default and
                            valid values, see PUT bucket  replication  in  the
                            Amazon S3 API Reference .

                     EncryptionConfiguration -> (structure)
                        A  container  that  provides information about encryp-
                        tion. If  SourceSelectionCriteria  is  specified,  you
                        must specify this element.

                        ReplicaKmsKeyID -> (string)
                            Specifies  the  ID  (Key  ARN or Alias ARN) of the
                            customer  managed  Amazon  Web  Services  KMS  key
                            stored  in Amazon Web Services Key Management Ser-
                            vice (KMS) for the destination bucket.  Amazon  S3
                            uses  this  key to encrypt replica objects. Amazon
                            S3 only supports symmetric  encryption  KMS  keys.
                            For  more information, see Asymmetric keys in Ama-
                            zon Web Services KMS in the  Amazon  Web  Services
                            Key Management Service Developer Guide .

                     ReplicationTime -> (structure)
                        A container specifying S3 Replication Time Control (S3
                        RTC), including whether S3 RTC is enabled and the time
                        when  all  objects  and  operations on objects must be
                        replicated. Must be specified together with a  Metrics
                        block.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether the replication time is enabled.

                        Time -> (structure)
                            A  container specifying the time by which replica-
                            tion should be complete for all objects and opera-
                            tions on objects.

                            Minutes -> (integer)
                               Contains an integer specifying time in minutes.

                               Valid value: 15

                     Metrics -> (structure)
                        A  container  specifying  replication  metrics-related
                        settings enabling replication metrics and events.

                        Status -> (string)
                            Specifies whether the replication metrics are  en-
                            abled.

                        EventThreshold -> (structure)
                            A  container  specifying  the  time  threshold for
                            emitting the s3:Replication:OperationMissedThresh-
                            old event.

                            Minutes -> (integer)
                               Contains an integer specifying time in minutes.

                               Valid value: 15

                 DeleteMarkerReplication -> (structure)
                     Specifies whether Amazon S3 replicates delete markers. If
                     you specify a Filter in your  replication  configuration,
                     you  must also include a DeleteMarkerReplication element.
                     If your Filter includes a Tag element, the  DeleteMarker-
                     Replication  Status must be set to Disabled, because Ama-
                     zon S3 does not support replicating  delete  markers  for
                     tag-based  rules. For an example configuration, see Basic
                     Rule Configuration .

                     For more information about delete marker replication, see
                     Basic Rule Configuration .

                     NOTE:
                        If you are using an earlier version of the replication
                        configuration, Amazon S3 handles replication of delete
                        markers   differently.   For   more  information,  see
                        Backward Compatibility .

                     Status -> (string)
                        Indicates whether to replicate delete markers.

                        NOTE:
                            Indicates whether to replicate delete markers.



                                                      GET-BUCKET-REPLICATION()
