GET-OBJECT-TORRENT()                                      GET-OBJECT-TORRENT()



NAME
       get-object-torrent -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  torrent files from a bucket. BitTorrent can save you bandwidth
       when you're distributing large files. For more information  about  Bit-
       Torrent, see Using BitTorrent with Amazon S3 .

       NOTE:
          You  can  get  torrent  only  for objects that are less than 5 GB in
          size, and that are not encrypted using server-side encryption with a
          customer-provided encryption key.

       To use GET, you must have READ access to the object.

       This action is not supported by Amazon S3 on Outposts.

       The following action is related to GetObjectTorrent :

       o GetObject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-object-torrent
          --bucket <value>
          --key <value>
          [--request-payer <value>]
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          <outfile>

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The  name  of  the bucket containing the object for which to get the
          torrent files.

       --key (string)
          The object key for which to get the information.

       --request-payer (string)
          Confirms that the requester knows that they will be charged for  the
          request.  Bucket owners need not specify this parameter in their re-
          quests. For information about  downloading  objects  from  Requester
          Pays  buckets,  see Downloading Objects in Requester Pays Buckets in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o requester

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       outfile (string) Filename where the content will be saved

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command creates a torrent for an object in a bucket named
       my-bucket:

          aws s3api get-object-torrent --bucket my-bucket --key large-video-file.mp4 large-video-file.torrent

       The  torrent file is saved locally in the current folder. Note that the
       output filename (large-video-file.torrent) is specified without an  op-
       tion name and must be the last argument in the command.

OUTPUT
       Body -> (blob)
          A Bencoded dictionary as defined by the BitTorrent specification

       RequestCharged -> (string)
          If  present,  indicates  that the requester was successfully charged
          for the request.



                                                          GET-OBJECT-TORRENT()
