GET-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()    GET-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-bucket-accelerate-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       This  implementation  of the GET action uses the accelerate subresource
       to return the Transfer Acceleration state of a bucket, which is  either
       Enabled   or   Suspended   .  Amazon  S3  Transfer  Acceleration  is  a
       bucket-level feature that enables you to perform faster data  transfers
       to and from Amazon S3.

       To  use  this  operation,  you  must  have  permission  to  perform the
       s3:GetAccelerateConfiguration action. The bucket owner has this permis-
       sion  by default. The bucket owner can grant this permission to others.
       For more information about  permissions,  see  Permissions  Related  to
       Bucket  Subresource  Operations and Managing Access Permissions to your
       Amazon S3 Resources in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       You set the Transfer Acceleration state of an existing  bucket  to  En-
       abled or Suspended by using the PutBucketAccelerateConfiguration opera-
       tion.

       A GET accelerate request does not return a state  value  for  a  bucket
       that  has  no transfer acceleration state. A bucket has no Transfer Ac-
       celeration state if a state has never been set on the bucket.

       For more information about transfer acceleration, see Transfer Acceler-
       ation in the Amazon S3 User Guide.
          Related Resources

       o PutBucketAccelerateConfiguration

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-accelerate-configuration
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket for which the accelerate configuration is re-
          trieved.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the accelerate configuration of a bucket

       The following get-bucket-accelerate-configuration example retrieves the
       accelerate configuration for the specified bucket.

          aws s3api get-bucket-accelerate-configuration \
              --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "Status": "Enabled"
          }

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The accelerate configuration of the bucket.



                                         GET-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()
