GET-BUCKET-REQUEST-PAYMENT()                      GET-BUCKET-REQUEST-PAYMENT()



NAME
       get-bucket-request-payment -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the request payment configuration of a bucket. To use this ver-
       sion of the operation, you must be the bucket owner. For more  informa-
       tion, see Requester Pays Buckets .

       The following operations are related to GetBucketRequestPayment :

       o ListObjects

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-request-payment
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket for which to get the payment request configu-
          ration

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request will fail with an HTTP 403 (Ac-
          cess Denied) error.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the request payment configuration for a bucket

       The  following  get-bucket-request-payment  example  retrieves  the re-
       quester pays configuration for the specified bucket.

          aws s3api get-bucket-request-payment \
              --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "Payer": "BucketOwner"
          }

OUTPUT
       Payer -> (string)
          Specifies who pays for the download and request fees.



                                                  GET-BUCKET-REQUEST-PAYMENT()
