GET-BUCKET-VERSIONING()                                GET-BUCKET-VERSIONING()



NAME
       get-bucket-versioning -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the versioning state of a bucket.

       To  retrieve  the  versioning state of a bucket, you must be the bucket
       owner.

       This implementation also returns the MFA Delete status of the  version-
       ing  state. If the MFA Delete status is enabled , the bucket owner must
       use an authentication device to change  the  versioning  state  of  the
       bucket.

       The following operations are related to GetBucketVersioning :

       o GetObject

       o PutObject

       o DeleteObject

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-versioning
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket for which to get the versioning information.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  retrieves  the  versioning configuration for a
       bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api get-bucket-versioning --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "Status": "Enabled"
          }

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The versioning state of the bucket.

       MFADelete -> (string)
          Specifies whether MFA delete is enabled  in  the  bucket  versioning
          configuration.  This element is only returned if the bucket has been
          configured with MFA delete. If the bucket has never been so  config-
          ured, this element is not returned.



                                                       GET-BUCKET-VERSIONING()
