GET-BUCKET-LOGGING()                                      GET-BUCKET-LOGGING()



NAME
       get-bucket-logging -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  logging status of a bucket and the permissions users have
       to view and modify that status. To use GET,  you  must  be  the  bucket
       owner.

       The following operations are related to GetBucketLogging :

       o CreateBucket

       o PutBucketLogging

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-logging
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name for which to get the logging information.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the logging status for a bucket

       The following get-bucket-logging example retrieves the  logging  status
       for the specified bucket.

          aws s3api get-bucket-logging \
              --bucket my-bucket

       Output:

          {
              "LoggingEnabled": {
                  "TargetPrefix": "",
                  "TargetBucket": "my-bucket-logs"
                    }
          }

OUTPUT
       LoggingEnabled -> (structure)
          Describes  where  logs  are stored and the prefix that Amazon S3 as-
          signs to all log object keys for a bucket. For more information, see
          PUT Bucket logging in the Amazon S3 API Reference .

          TargetBucket -> (string)
              Specifies  the  bucket  where you want Amazon S3 to store server
              access logs. You can have your logs delivered to any bucket that
              you own, including the same bucket that is being logged. You can
              also configure multiple buckets to deliver  their  logs  to  the
              same  target bucket. In this case, you should choose a different
              TargetPrefix for each source bucket so that  the  delivered  log
              files can be distinguished by key.

          TargetGrants -> (list)
              Container for granting information.

              Buckets  that  use  the bucket owner enforced setting for Object
              Ownership don't support target grants. For more information, see
              Permissions for server access log delivery in the Amazon S3 User
              Guide .

              (structure)
                 Container for granting information.

                 Buckets that use the bucket owner enforced setting for Object
                 Ownership  don't support target grants. For more information,
                 see Permissions server access log delivery in the  Amazon  S3
                 User Guide .

                 Grantee -> (structure)
                     Container for the person being granted permissions.

                     DisplayName -> (string)
                        Screen name of the grantee.

                     EmailAddress -> (string)
                        Email address of the grantee.

                        NOTE:
                            Using email addresses to specify a grantee is only
                            supported in the following Amazon Web Services Re-
                            gions:

                            o US East (N. Virginia)

                            o US West (N. California)

                            o US West (Oregon)

                            o Asia Pacific (Singapore)

                            o Asia Pacific (Sydney)

                            o Asia Pacific (Tokyo)

                            o Europe (Ireland)

                            o South America (So Paulo)

                            For  a list of all the Amazon S3 supported Regions
                            and endpoints, see Regions and  Endpoints  in  the
                            Amazon Web Services General Reference.

                     ID -> (string)
                        The canonical user ID of the grantee.

                     Type -> (string)
                        Type of grantee

                     URI -> (string)
                        URI of the grantee group.

                 Permission -> (string)
                     Logging  permissions  assigned  to  the  grantee  for the
                     bucket.

          TargetPrefix -> (string)
              A prefix for all log object keys. If you store  log  files  from
              multiple  Amazon  S3  buckets  in a single bucket, you can use a
              prefix to distinguish which log files came from which bucket.



                                                          GET-BUCKET-LOGGING()
