GET-OBJECT-LEGAL-HOLD()                                GET-OBJECT-LEGAL-HOLD()



NAME
       get-object-legal-hold -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  an  object's current legal hold status. For more information, see
       Locking Objects .

       This action is not supported by Amazon S3 on Outposts.

       The following action is related to GetObjectLegalHold :

       o GetObjectAttributes

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-object-legal-hold
          --bucket <value>
          --key <value>
          [--version-id <value>]
          [--request-payer <value>]
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name containing the object whose legal  hold  status  you
          want to retrieve.

          When  using  this  action  with an access point, you must direct re-
          quests to the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes
          the  form  AccessPointName -AccountId .s3-accesspoint.*Region* .ama-
          zonaws.com. When using this action with an access point through  the
          Amazon  Web Services SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in place
          of the bucket name. For more information about  access  point  ARNs,
          see Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       --key (string)
          The  key name for the object whose legal hold status you want to re-
          trieve.

       --version-id (string)
          The version ID of the object whose legal hold status you want to re-
          trieve.

       --request-payer (string)
          Confirms  that the requester knows that they will be charged for the
          request. Bucket owners need not specify this parameter in their  re-
          quests.  For  information  about  downloading objects from Requester
          Pays buckets, see Downloading Objects in Requester Pays  Buckets  in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o requester

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Retrieves the Legal Hold status of an object

       The  following  get-object-legal-hold  example retrieves the Legal Hold
       status for the specified object.

          aws s3api get-object-legal-hold \
              --bucket my-bucket-with-object-lock \
              --key doc1.rtf

       Output:

          {
              "LegalHold": {
                  "Status": "ON"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       LegalHold -> (structure)
          The current legal hold status for the specified object.

          Status -> (string)
              Indicates whether the specified  object  has  a  legal  hold  in
              place.



                                                       GET-OBJECT-LEGAL-HOLD()
