HEAD-BUCKET()                                                    HEAD-BUCKET()



NAME
       head-bucket -

DESCRIPTION
       This action is useful to determine if a bucket exists and you have per-
       mission to access it. The action returns a 200 OK if the bucket  exists
       and you have permission to access it.

       If  the  bucket  does not exist or you do not have permission to access
       it, the HEAD request returns a generic 404 Not Found or  403  Forbidden
       code.  A  message body is not included, so you cannot determine the ex-
       ception beyond these error codes.

       To use this  operation,  you  must  have  permissions  to  perform  the
       s3:ListBucket  action.  The bucket owner has this permission by default
       and can grant this permission to others.  For  more  information  about
       permissions,  see  Permissions Related to Bucket Subresource Operations
       and Managing Access Permissions to Your Amazon S3 Resources .

       To use this API against an access point, you must provide the alias  of
       the  access  point  in  place  of the bucket name or specify the access
       point ARN. When using the access point ARN, you must direct requests to
       the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes the form Ac-
       cessPointName-AccountId.s3-accesspoint.Region.amazonaws.com. When using
       the  Amazon  Web  Services  SDKs,  you  provide the ARN in place of the
       bucket name. For more information see, Using access points .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            head-bucket
          --bucket <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name.

          When using this action with an access point,  you  must  direct  re-
          quests to the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes
          the form AccessPointName -AccountId  .s3-accesspoint.*Region*  .ama-
          zonaws.com.  When using this action with an access point through the
          Amazon Web Services SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in  place
          of  the  bucket  name. For more information about access point ARNs,
          see Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          When using this action with Amazon S3 on Outposts, you  must  direct
          requests to the S3 on Outposts hostname. The S3 on Outposts hostname
          takes the form `` AccessPointName -AccountId  .*outpostID*  .s3-out-
          posts.*Region*  .amazonaws.com`` . When using this action with S3 on
          Outposts through the Amazon Web Services SDKs, you provide the  Out-
          posts  bucket  ARN in place of the bucket name. For more information
          about S3 on Outposts ARNs, see Using Amazon S3 on  Outposts  in  the
          Amazon S3 User Guide .

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The following command verifies access to a bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api head-bucket --bucket my-bucket

       If  the bucket exists and you have access to it, no output is returned.
       Otherwise, an error message will be shown. For example:

          A client error (404) occurred when calling the HeadBucket operation: Not Found

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 HEAD-BUCKET()
