HEAD-OBJECT()                                                    HEAD-OBJECT()



NAME
       head-object -

DESCRIPTION
       The  HEAD operation retrieves metadata from an object without returning
       the object itself. This operation is useful if you're  interested  only
       in an object's metadata.

       NOTE:
          A HEAD request has the same options as a GET operation on an object.
          The response is identical to the GET response except that  there  is
          no  response body. Because of this, if the HEAD request generates an
          error, it returns a generic code, such as 400 Bad Request , 403 For-
          bidden  ,  404 Not Found , 405 Method Not Allowed , 412 Precondition
          Failed , or 304 Not Modified . It's not possible to retrieve the ex-
          act exception of these error codes.

       Request  headers are limited to 8 KB in size. For more information, see
       Common Request Headers .
          Permissions

       o General purpose bucket permissions - To use HEAD , you must have  the
         s3:GetObject  permission.  You need the relevant read object (or ver-
         sion) permission  for  this  operation.  For  more  information,  see
         Actions, resources, and condition keys for Amazon S3 in the Amazon S3
         User Guide . If the object you request doesn't exist, the error  that
         Amazon  S3 returns depends on whether you also have the s3:ListBucket
         permission.

         o If you have the s3:ListBucket permission on the bucket,  Amazon  S3
           returns an HTTP status code 404 Not Found error.

         o If you dont have the s3:ListBucket permission, Amazon S3 returns an
           HTTP status code 403 Forbidden error.

       o Directory bucket permissions - To grant access to this API  operation
         on  a directory bucket, we recommend that you use the ` CreateSession
         https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_CreateSession.html`__
         API  operation  for  session-based  authorization.  Specifically, you
         grant the s3express:CreateSession permission to the directory  bucket
         in  a  bucket  policy or an IAM identity-based policy. Then, you make
         the CreateSession API call on the bucket to obtain a  session  token.
         With  the  session token in your request header, you can make API re-
         quests to this operation. After the session token expires,  you  make
         another  CreateSession  API  call to generate a new session token for
         use. Amazon Web Services CLI or SDKs create session and  refresh  the
         session  token  automatically  to  avoid service interruptions when a
         session expires. For more information about authorization, see ` Cre-
         ateSession
         https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_CreateSession.html`__
         .  If you enable x-amz-checksum-mode in the request and the object is
         encrypted with Amazon Web Services Key Management Service (Amazon Web
         Services KMS), you must also have the kms:GenerateDataKey and kms:De-
         crypt permissions in IAM identity-based policies and KMS key policies
         for the KMS key to retrieve the checksum of the object.

         Encryption

       NOTE:
          Encryption  request  headers,  like  x-amz-server-side-encryption  ,
          should not be sent for HEAD requests if your object uses server-side
          encryption   with  Key  Management  Service  (KMS)  keys  (SSE-KMS),
          dual-layer server-side encryption with Amazon Web Services KMS  keys
          (DSSE-KMS), or server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryp-
          tion keys (SSE-S3). The x-amz-server-side-encryption header is  used
          when  you  PUT  an  object  to S3 and want to specify the encryption
          method. If you include this header in a HEAD request for  an  object
          that uses these types of keys, youll get an HTTP 400 Bad Request er-
          ror. It's because the encryption method can't be  changed  when  you
          retrieve the object.

       If  you  encrypt  an  object  by using server-side encryption with cus-
       tomer-provided encryption keys (SSE-C) when you  store  the  object  in
       Amazon  S3,  then  when  you retrieve the metadata from the object, you
       must use the following headers to provide the encryption  key  for  the
       server to be able to retrieve the object's metadata. The headers are:

       o x-amz-server-side-encryption-customer-algorithm

       o x-amz-server-side-encryption-customer-key

       o x-amz-server-side-encryption-customer-key-MD5

       For  more  information  about  SSE-C, see Server-Side Encryption (Using
       Customer-Provided Encryption Keys) in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       NOTE:
              Directory bucket - For directory buckets,  there  are  only  two
              supported   options   for  server-side  encryption:  SSE-S3  and
              SSE-KMS.  SSE-C  isn't  supported.  For  more  information,  see
              Protecting  data  with  server-side  encryption in the Amazon S3
              User Guide .

          Versioning

       o If the current version of the object is a delete  marker,  Amazon  S3
         behaves    as    if    the    object   was   deleted   and   includes
         x-amz-delete-marker: true in the response.

       o If the specified version is a delete marker, the response  returns  a
         405  Method  Not  Allowed  error and the Last-Modified: timestamp re-
         sponse header.

       NOTE:

              o Directory buckets - Delete marker is not supported  by  direc-
                tory buckets.

              o Directory  buckets - S3 Versioning isn't enabled and supported
                for directory buckets. For this API operation, only  the  null
                value of the version ID is supported by directory buckets. You
                can only specify null to the versionId query parameter in  the
                request.

              HTTP Host header syntax

          Directory  buckets  -  The HTTP Host header syntax is `` Bucket_name
          .s3express-az_id .*region* .amazonaws.com`` .

       NOTE:
          For directory buckets, you must make requests for this API operation
          to  the Zonal endpoint. These endpoints support virtual-hosted-style
          requests in the format
          ``
          https://bucket_name     .s3express-az_id     .*region*      .amazon-
          aws.com/key-name  ``  .  Path-style  requests are not supported. For
          more information, see Regional and Zonal endpoints in the Amazon  S3
          User Guide .

          System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 124)
                 Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       The following actions are related to HeadObject :

       o GetObject

       o GetObjectAttributes

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            head-object
          --bucket <value>
          [--if-match <value>]
          [--if-modified-since <value>]
          [--if-none-match <value>]
          [--if-unmodified-since <value>]
          --key <value>
          [--range <value>]
          [--response-cache-control <value>]
          [--response-content-disposition <value>]
          [--response-content-encoding <value>]
          [--response-content-language <value>]
          [--response-content-type <value>]
          [--response-expires <value>]
          [--version-id <value>]
          [--sse-customer-algorithm <value>]
          [--sse-customer-key <value>]
          [--sse-customer-key-md5 <value>]
          [--request-payer <value>]
          [--part-number <value>]
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--checksum-mode <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket that contains the object.
              Directory buckets - When you use this operation with a directory
              bucket, you must use virtual-hosted-style requests in the format
              ``  Bucket_name  .s3express-az_id  .*region*  .amazonaws.com`` .
              Path-style requests are not supported.  Directory  bucket  names
              must  be  unique  in  the chosen Availability Zone. Bucket names
              must follow the format `` bucket_base_name --az-id --x-s3`` (for
              example, `` DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET --usw2-az1 --x-s3`` ). For infor-
              mation about bucket naming restrictions,  see  Directory  bucket
              naming rules in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

              Access  points  - When you use this action with an access point,
              you must provide the alias of the access point in place  of  the
              bucket  name or specify the access point ARN. When using the ac-
              cess point ARN, you must direct requests  to  the  access  point
              hostname.  The access point hostname takes the form AccessPoint-
              Name -AccountId  .s3-accesspoint.*Region*  .amazonaws.com.  When
              using  this  action  with an access point through the Amazon Web
              Services SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in place of  the
              bucket  name.  For more information about access point ARNs, see
              Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          NOTE:
                 Access points and Object Lambda access points  are  not  sup-
                 ported by directory buckets.

              S3 on Outposts - When you use this action with Amazon S3 on Out-
              posts, you must direct requests to the S3 on Outposts  hostname.
              The  S3  on  Outposts hostname takes the form `` AccessPointName
              -AccountId .*outpostID* .s3-outposts.*Region* .amazonaws.com`` .
              When  you use this action with S3 on Outposts through the Amazon
              Web Services SDKs, you provide the Outposts access point ARN  in
              place  of the bucket name. For more information about S3 on Out-
              posts ARNs, see What is S3 on Outposts? in the  Amazon  S3  User
              Guide .

       --if-match (string)
          Return  the  object only if its entity tag (ETag) is the same as the
          one specified; otherwise, return a 412 (precondition failed) error.

          If both of the If-Match and If-Unmodified-Since headers are  present
          in the request as follows:

          o If-Match condition evaluates to true , and;

          o If-Unmodified-Since condition evaluates to false ;

          Then Amazon S3 returns 200 OK and the data requested.

          For more information about conditional requests, see RFC 7232 .

       --if-modified-since (timestamp)
          Return  the  object only if it has been modified since the specified
          time; otherwise, return a 304 (not modified) error.

          If both of  the  If-None-Match  and  If-Modified-Since  headers  are
          present in the request as follows:

          o If-None-Match condition evaluates to false , and;

          o If-Modified-Since condition evaluates to true ;

          Then Amazon S3 returns the 304 Not Modified response code.

          For more information about conditional requests, see RFC 7232 .

       --if-none-match (string)
          Return  the  object  only if its entity tag (ETag) is different from
          the one specified; otherwise, return a 304 (not modified) error.

          If both of  the  If-None-Match  and  If-Modified-Since  headers  are
          present in the request as follows:

          o If-None-Match condition evaluates to false , and;

          o If-Modified-Since condition evaluates to true ;

          Then Amazon S3 returns the 304 Not Modified response code.

          For more information about conditional requests, see RFC 7232 .

       --if-unmodified-since (timestamp)
          Return  the object only if it has not been modified since the speci-
          fied time; otherwise, return a 412 (precondition failed) error.

          If both of the If-Match and If-Unmodified-Since headers are  present
          in the request as follows:

          o If-Match condition evaluates to true , and;

          o If-Unmodified-Since condition evaluates to false ;

          Then Amazon S3 returns 200 OK and the data requested.

          For more information about conditional requests, see RFC 7232 .

       --key (string)
          The object key.

       --range (string)
          HeadObject  returns only the metadata for an object. If the Range is
          satisfiable, only the ContentLength is affected in the response.  If
          the Range is not satisfiable, S3 returns a 416 - Requested Range Not
          Satisfiable error.

       --response-cache-control (string)
          Sets the Cache-Control header of the response.

       --response-content-disposition (string)
          Sets the Content-Disposition header of the response.

       --response-content-encoding (string)
          Sets the Content-Encoding header of the response.

       --response-content-language (string)
          Sets the Content-Language header of the response.

       --response-content-type (string)
          Sets the Content-Type header of the response.

       --response-expires (timestamp)
          Sets the Expires header of the response.

       --version-id (string)
          Version ID used to reference a specific version of the object.

          NOTE:
              For directory buckets in this API operation, only the null value
              of the version ID is supported.

       --sse-customer-algorithm (string)
          Specifies the algorithm to use when encrypting the object (for exam-
          ple, AES256).

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       --sse-customer-key (string)
          Specifies the customer-provided encryption key for Amazon S3 to  use
          in  encrypting data. This value is used to store the object and then
          it is discarded; Amazon S3 does not store the  encryption  key.  The
          key  must be appropriate for use with the algorithm specified in the
          x-amz-server-side-encryption-customer-algorithm header.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       --sse-customer-key-md5 (string)
          Specifies the 128-bit MD5 digest of the encryption key according  to
          RFC  1321.  Amazon S3 uses this header for a message integrity check
          to ensure that the encryption key was transmitted without error.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       --request-payer (string)
          Confirms that the requester knows that they will be charged for  the
          request.  Bucket owners need not specify this parameter in their re-
          quests. If either the source or destination S3 bucket has  Requester
          Pays  enabled,  the  requester will pay for corresponding charges to
          copy the object. For information about downloading objects from  Re-
          quester  Pays  buckets,  see  Downloading  Objects in Requester Pays
          Buckets in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

          Possible values:

          o requester

       --part-number (integer)
          Part number of the object being read. This is a positive integer be-
          tween 1 and 10,000. Effectively performs a 'ranged' HEAD request for
          the part specified. Useful querying about the size of the  part  and
          the number of parts in this object.

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the account ID that
          you provide does not match the actual owner of the bucket,  the  re-
          quest fails with the HTTP status code 403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --checksum-mode (string)
          To retrieve the checksum, this parameter must be enabled.
              General  purpose  buckets  - If you enable checksum mode and the
              object is uploaded with a checksum and  encrypted  with  an  Key
              Management  Service  (KMS)  key, you must have permission to use
              the kms:Decrypt action to retrieve the checksum.

              Directory buckets - If you enable ChecksumMode and the object is
              encrypted  with Amazon Web Services Key Management Service (Ama-
              zon Web Services KMS), you  must  also  have  the  kms:Generate-
              DataKey  and kms:Decrypt permissions in IAM identity-based poli-
              cies and KMS key policies for the KMS key to retrieve the check-
              sum of the object.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       The  following  command  retrieves  metadata  for an object in a bucket
       named my-bucket:

          aws s3api head-object --bucket my-bucket --key index.html

       Output:

          {
              "AcceptRanges": "bytes",
              "ContentType": "text/html",
              "LastModified": "Thu, 16 Apr 2015 18:19:14 GMT",
              "ContentLength": 77,
              "VersionId": "null",
              "ETag": "\"30a6ec7e1a9ad79c203d05a589c8b400\"",
              "Metadata": {}
          }

OUTPUT
       DeleteMarker -> (boolean)
          Specifies whether the object retrieved was (true) or was not (false)
          a  Delete  Marker. If false, this response header does not appear in
          the response.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       AcceptRanges -> (string)
          Indicates that a range of bytes was specified.

       Expiration -> (string)
          If the object expiration is configured (see ` PutBucketLifecycleCon-
          figuration
          https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration.html`__
          ),  the  response  includes this header. It includes the expiry-date
          and rule-id key-value pairs providing object expiration information.
          The value of the rule-id is URL-encoded.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       Restore -> (string)
          If  the  object is an archived object (an object whose storage class
          is GLACIER), the response includes this header if either the archive
          restoration  is in progress (see RestoreObject or an archive copy is
          already restored.

          If an archive copy is already restored, the header  value  indicates
          when Amazon S3 is scheduled to delete the object copy. For example:
              x-amz-restore: ongoing-request="false", expiry-date="Fri, 21 Dec
              2012 00:00:00 GMT"

          If the object restoration is in progress,  the  header  returns  the
          value ongoing-request="true" .

          For  more information about archiving objects, see Transitioning Ob-
          jects: General Considerations .

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.  Only
              the  S3 Express One Zone storage class is supported by directory
              buckets to store objects.

       ArchiveStatus -> (string)
          The archive state of the head object.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       LastModified -> (timestamp)
          Date and time when the object was last modified.

       ContentLength -> (long)
          Size of the body in bytes.

       ChecksumCRC32 -> (string)
          The base64-encoded, 32-bit CRC32 checksum of the object.  This  will
          only  be present if it was uploaded with the object. When you use an
          API operation on an object that was  uploaded  using  multipart  up-
          loads, this value may not be a direct checksum value of the full ob-
          ject. Instead, it's a calculation based on the  checksum  values  of
          each  individual  part. For more information about how checksums are
          calculated with multipart uploads, see Checking object integrity  in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       ChecksumCRC32C -> (string)
          The  base64-encoded, 32-bit CRC32C checksum of the object. This will
          only be present if it was uploaded with the object. When you use  an
          API  operation  on  an  object that was uploaded using multipart up-
          loads, this value may not be a direct checksum value of the full ob-
          ject.  Instead,  it's  a calculation based on the checksum values of
          each individual part. For more information about how  checksums  are
          calculated  with multipart uploads, see Checking object integrity in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       ChecksumSHA1 -> (string)
          The base64-encoded, 160-bit SHA-1 digest of the  object.  This  will
          only be present if it was uploaded with the object. When you use the
          API operation on an object that was  uploaded  using  multipart  up-
          loads, this value may not be a direct checksum value of the full ob-
          ject. Instead, it's a calculation based on the  checksum  values  of
          each  individual  part. For more information about how checksums are
          calculated with multipart uploads, see Checking object integrity  in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       ChecksumSHA256 -> (string)
          The  base64-encoded, 256-bit SHA-256 digest of the object. This will
          only be present if it was uploaded with the object. When you use  an
          API  operation  on  an  object that was uploaded using multipart up-
          loads, this value may not be a direct checksum value of the full ob-
          ject.  Instead,  it's  a calculation based on the checksum values of
          each individual part. For more information about how  checksums  are
          calculated  with multipart uploads, see Checking object integrity in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

       ETag -> (string)
          An entity tag (ETag) is an  opaque  identifier  assigned  by  a  web
          server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.

       MissingMeta -> (integer)
          This  is  set  to  the  number  of  metadata entries not returned in
          x-amz-meta headers. This can happen if you create metadata using  an
          API  like  SOAP  that  supports more flexible metadata than the REST
          API. For example, using SOAP, you can create metadata  whose  values
          are not legal HTTP headers.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       VersionId -> (string)
          Version ID of the object.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       CacheControl -> (string)
          Specifies caching behavior along the request/reply chain.

       ContentDisposition -> (string)
          Specifies presentational information for the object.

       ContentEncoding -> (string)
          Indicates what content encodings have been applied to the object and
          thus what decoding mechanisms must be  applied  to  obtain  the  me-
          dia-type referenced by the Content-Type header field.

       ContentLanguage -> (string)
          The language the content is in.

       ContentType -> (string)
          A standard MIME type describing the format of the object data.

       Expires -> (timestamp)
          The date and time at which the object is no longer cacheable.

       WebsiteRedirectLocation -> (string)
          If  the  bucket  is  configured as a website, redirects requests for
          this object to another object in the same bucket or to  an  external
          URL.  Amazon  S3 stores the value of this header in the object meta-
          data.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       ServerSideEncryption -> (string)
          The server-side encryption algorithm used when you store this object
          in Amazon S3 (for example, AES256 , aws:kms , aws:kms:dsse ).

       Metadata -> (map)
          A map of metadata to store with the object in S3.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       SSECustomerAlgorithm -> (string)
          If  server-side  encryption  with a customer-provided encryption key
          was requested, the response will include this header to confirm  the
          encryption algorithm that's used.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       SSECustomerKeyMD5 -> (string)
          If  server-side  encryption  with a customer-provided encryption key
          was requested, the response will include this header to provide  the
          round-trip  message  integrity verification of the customer-provided
          encryption key.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       SSEKMSKeyId -> (string)
          If present, indicates the ID of the KMS key that was used for object
          encryption.

       BucketKeyEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  the object uses an S3 Bucket Key for server-side
          encryption with Key Management Service (KMS) keys (SSE-KMS).

       StorageClass -> (string)
          Provides storage class information of the object. Amazon S3  returns
          this header for all objects except for S3 Standard storage class ob-
          jects.

          For more information, see Storage Classes .

          NOTE:
              Directory buckets - Only the S3 Express One Zone  storage  class
              is supported by directory buckets to store objects.

       RequestCharged -> (string)
          If  present,  indicates  that the requester was successfully charged
          for the request.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       ReplicationStatus -> (string)
          Amazon S3 can return this header if your request involves  a  bucket
          that is either a source or a destination in a replication rule.

          In  replication,  you  have  a  source bucket on which you configure
          replication and destination bucket or buckets where Amazon S3 stores
          object  replicas.  When you request an object (GetObject ) or object
          metadata (HeadObject ) from these buckets, Amazon S3 will return the
          x-amz-replication-status header in the response as follows:

          o If  requesting  an  object from the source bucket , Amazon S3 will
            return the x-amz-replication-status header if the object  in  your
            request  is eligible for replication. For example, suppose that in
            your replication configuration, you specify object prefix  TaxDocs
            requesting  Amazon S3 to replicate objects with key prefix TaxDocs
            . Any objects you upload with this key name  prefix,  for  example
            TaxDocs/document1.pdf  , are eligible for replication. For any ob-
            ject request with this key name prefix, Amazon S3 will return  the
            x-amz-replication-status  header  with value PENDING, COMPLETED or
            FAILED indicating object replication status.

          o If requesting an object from a destination bucket , Amazon S3 will
            return  the  x-amz-replication-status header with value REPLICA if
            the object in your request is a replica that Amazon S3 created and
            there is no replica modification replication in progress.

          o When  replicating  objects  to  multiple destination buckets , the
            x-amz-replication-status header acts differently.  The  header  of
            the  source  object  will  only  return  a value of COMPLETED when
            replication is successful to all destinations. The header will re-
            main at value PENDING until replication has completed for all des-
            tinations. If one  or  more  destinations  fails  replication  the
            header will return FAILED.

          For more information, see Replication .

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       PartsCount -> (integer)
          The  count  of parts this object has. This value is only returned if
          you specify partNumber in your request and the object  was  uploaded
          as a multipart upload.

       ObjectLockMode -> (string)
          The Object Lock mode, if any, that's in effect for this object. This
          header is only returned if the requester has the  s3:GetObjectReten-
          tion  permission.  For  more  information  about S3 Object Lock, see
          Object Lock .

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       ObjectLockRetainUntilDate -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the Object  Lock  retention  period  expires.
          This  header  is only returned if the requester has the s3:GetObjec-
          tRetention permission.

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.

       ObjectLockLegalHoldStatus -> (string)
          Specifies whether a legal hold is in effect for  this  object.  This
          header  is only returned if the requester has the s3:GetObjectLegal-
          Hold permission. This header is not returned if the  specified  ver-
          sion of this object has never had a legal hold applied. For more in-
          formation about S3 Object Lock, see Object Lock .

          NOTE:
              This functionality is not supported for directory buckets.



                                                                 HEAD-OBJECT()
