LIST-OBJECTS()                                                  LIST-OBJECTS()



NAME
       list-objects -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  some  or all (up to 1,000) of the objects in a bucket. You can
       use the request parameters as selection criteria to return a subset  of
       the objects in a bucket. A 200 OK response can contain valid or invalid
       XML. Be sure to design your application to parse the  contents  of  the
       response and handle it appropriately.

       WARNING:
          This  action  has  been revised. We recommend that you use the newer
          version, ListObjectsV2 , when developing applications. For  backward
          compatibility, Amazon S3 continues to support ListObjects .

       The following operations are related to ListObjects :

       o ListObjectsV2

       o GetObject

       o PutObject

       o CreateBucket

       o ListBuckets

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-objects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Contents, CommonPrefixes

SYNOPSIS
            list-objects
          --bucket <value>
          [--delimiter <value>]
          [--encoding-type <value>]
          [--prefix <value>]
          [--request-payer <value>]
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The name of the bucket containing the objects.

          When using this action with an access point,  you  must  direct  re-
          quests to the access point hostname. The access point hostname takes
          the form AccessPointName -AccountId  .s3-accesspoint.*Region*  .ama-
          zonaws.com.  When using this action with an access point through the
          Amazon Web Services SDKs, you provide the access point ARN in  place
          of  the  bucket  name. For more information about access point ARNs,
          see Using access points in the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          When using this action with Amazon S3 on Outposts, you  must  direct
          requests to the S3 on Outposts hostname. The S3 on Outposts hostname
          takes the form `` AccessPointName -AccountId  .*outpostID*  .s3-out-
          posts.*Region*  .amazonaws.com`` . When using this action with S3 on
          Outposts through the Amazon Web Services SDKs, you provide the  Out-
          posts  bucket  ARN in place of the bucket name. For more information
          about S3 on Outposts ARNs, see Using Amazon S3 on  Outposts  in  the
          Amazon S3 User Guide .

       --delimiter (string)
          A delimiter is a character you use to group keys.

       --encoding-type (string)
          Requests  Amazon  S3  to  encode the object keys in the response and
          specifies the encoding method to use. An object key may contain  any
          Unicode character; however, XML 1.0 parser cannot parse some charac-
          ters, such as characters with an ASCII value from 0 to 10. For char-
          acters that are not supported in XML 1.0, you can add this parameter
          to request that Amazon S3 encode the keys in the response.

          Possible values:

          o url

       --prefix (string)
          Limits the response to keys that begin with the specified prefix.

       --request-payer (string)
          Confirms that the requester knows that she or he will be charged for
          the list objects request. Bucket owners need not specify this param-
          eter in their requests.

          Possible values:

          o requester

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following example uses the  list-objects  command  to  display  the
       names of all the objects in the specified bucket:

          aws s3api list-objects --bucket text-content --query 'Contents[].{Key: Key, Size: Size}'

       The  example uses the --query argument to filter the output of list-ob-
       jects down to the key value and size for each object

       For more information about objects, see Working with Amazon S3  Objects
       in the Amazon S3 Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag that indicates whether Amazon S3 returned all of the results
          that satisfied the search criteria.

       Marker -> (string)
          Indicates where in the bucket listing begins. Marker is included  in
          the response if it was sent with the request.

       NextMarker -> (string)
          When response is truncated (the IsTruncated element value in the re-
          sponse is true), you can use the key name in this field as marker in
          the  subsequent  request to get next set of objects. Amazon S3 lists
          objects in alphabetical order Note: This element is returned only if
          you have delimiter request parameter specified. If response does not
          include the NextMarker and it is truncated, you can use the value of
          the last Key in the response as the marker in the subsequent request
          to get the next set of object keys.

       Contents -> (list)
          Metadata about each object returned.

          (structure)
              An object consists of data and its descriptive metadata.

              Key -> (string)
                 The name that you assign to an object. You use the object key
                 to retrieve the object.

              LastModified -> (timestamp)
                 Creation date of the object.

              ETag -> (string)
                 The  entity  tag  is  a hash of the object. The ETag reflects
                 changes only to the contents of an object, not its  metadata.
                 The  ETag may or may not be an MD5 digest of the object data.
                 Whether or not it is depends on how the  object  was  created
                 and how it is encrypted as described below:

                 o Objects created by the PUT Object, POST Object, or Copy op-
                   eration, or through the Amazon Web Services Management Con-
                   sole,  and are encrypted by SSE-S3 or plaintext, have ETags
                   that are an MD5 digest of their object data.

                 o Objects created by the PUT Object, POST Object, or Copy op-
                   eration, or through the Amazon Web Services Management Con-
                   sole, and are encrypted by SSE-C  or  SSE-KMS,  have  ETags
                   that are not an MD5 digest of their object data.

                 o If  an  object is created by either the Multipart Upload or
                   Part Copy operation, the ETag is not an MD5 digest, regard-
                   less of the method of encryption.

              ChecksumAlgorithm -> (list)
                 The  algorithm  that was used to create a checksum of the ob-
                 ject.

                 (string)

              Size -> (integer)
                 Size in bytes of the object

              StorageClass -> (string)
                 The class of storage used to store the object.

              Owner -> (structure)
                 The owner of the object

                 DisplayName -> (string)
                     Container for the display name of the owner.

                 ID -> (string)
                     Container for the ID of the owner.

       Name -> (string)
          The bucket name.

       Prefix -> (string)
          Keys that begin with the indicated prefix.

       Delimiter -> (string)
          Causes keys that contain the same string between the prefix and  the
          first  occurrence of the delimiter to be rolled up into a single re-
          sult element in the CommonPrefixes collection. These rolled-up  keys
          are  not  returned  elsewhere in the response. Each rolled-up result
          counts as only one return against the MaxKeys value.

       MaxKeys -> (integer)
          The maximum number of keys returned in the response body.

       CommonPrefixes -> (list)
          All of the keys (up to 1,000) rolled up in a common prefix count  as
          a single return when calculating the number of returns.

          A  response  can contain CommonPrefixes only if you specify a delim-
          iter.

          CommonPrefixes contains all (if there are any) keys  between  Prefix
          and the next occurrence of the string specified by the delimiter.

          CommonPrefixes lists keys that act like subdirectories in the direc-
          tory specified by Prefix.

          For example, if the prefix is notes/ and the delimiter  is  a  slash
          (/) as in notes/summer/july, the common prefix is notes/summer/. All
          of the keys that roll up into a common prefix count as a single  re-
          turn when calculating the number of returns.

          (structure)
              Container for all (if there are any) keys between Prefix and the
              next occurrence of the string specified by a delimiter.  Common-
              Prefixes  lists  keys that act like subdirectories in the direc-
              tory specified by Prefix. For example, if the prefix  is  notes/
              and  the  delimiter  is a slash (/) as in notes/summer/july, the
              common prefix is notes/summer/.

              Prefix -> (string)
                 Container for the specified common prefix.

       EncodingType -> (string)
          Encoding type used by Amazon S3 to encode object  keys  in  the  re-
          sponse.



                                                                LIST-OBJECTS()
