PUT-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()    PUT-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-bucket-accelerate-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the  accelerate  configuration  of  an existing bucket. Amazon S3
       Transfer Acceleration is a bucket-level feature  that  enables  you  to
       perform faster data transfers to Amazon S3.

       To  use  this  operation,  you  must  have  permission  to  perform the
       s3:PutAccelerateConfiguration action. The bucket owner has this permis-
       sion  by default. The bucket owner can grant this permission to others.
       For more information about  permissions,  see  Permissions  Related  to
       Bucket  Subresource  Operations and Managing Access Permissions to Your
       Amazon S3 Resources .

       The Transfer Acceleration state of a bucket can be set to  one  of  the
       following two values:

       o Enabled  Enables accelerated data transfers to the bucket.

       o Suspended  Disables accelerated data transfers to the bucket.

       The GetBucketAccelerateConfiguration action returns the transfer accel-
       eration state of a bucket.

       After setting the Transfer Acceleration state of a bucket  to  Enabled,
       it  might  take  up to thirty minutes before the data transfer rates to
       the bucket increase.

       The name of the bucket used for Transfer Acceleration must be  DNS-com-
       pliant and must not contain periods (".").

       For more information about transfer acceleration, see Transfer Acceler-
       ation .

       The following operations are related  to  PutBucketAccelerateConfigura-
       tion :

       o GetBucketAccelerateConfiguration

       o CreateBucket

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-bucket-accelerate-configuration
          --bucket <value>
          --accelerate-configuration <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--checksum-algorithm <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The  name  of  the  bucket for which the accelerate configuration is
          set.

       --accelerate-configuration (structure)
          Container for setting the transfer acceleration state.

          Status -> (string)
              Specifies the transfer acceleration status of the bucket.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Status=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Status": "Enabled"|"Suspended"
          }

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is  owned
          by  a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --checksum-algorithm (string)
          Indicates the algorithm used to create the checksum for  the  object
          when  using  the  SDK.  This  header will not provide any additional
          functionality if not using the SDK. When sending this header,  there
          must be a corresponding x-amz-checksum or x-amz-trailer header sent.
          Otherwise, Amazon S3 fails the request with the HTTP status code 400
          Bad Request . For more information, see Checking object integrity in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          If you provide an individual checksum, Amazon S3  ignores  any  pro-
          vided ChecksumAlgorithm parameter.

          Possible values:

          o CRC32

          o CRC32C

          o SHA1

          o SHA256

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To set the accelerate configuration of a bucket

       The  following  put-bucket-accelerate-configuration example enables the
       accelerate configuration for the specified bucket.

          aws s3api put-bucket-accelerate-configuration \
              --bucket my-bucket \
              --accelerate-configuration Status=Enabled

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         PUT-BUCKET-ACCELERATE-CONFIGURATION()
