PUT-BUCKET-VERSIONING()                                PUT-BUCKET-VERSIONING()



NAME
       put-bucket-versioning -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the versioning state of an existing bucket.

       You can set the versioning state with one of the following values:
          Enabled  Enables  versioning  for the objects in the bucket. All ob-
          jects added to the bucket receive a unique version ID.

          Suspended Disables versioning for the objects in the bucket. All ob-
          jects added to the bucket receive the version ID null.

       If  the versioning state has never been set on a bucket, it has no ver-
       sioning state; a GetBucketVersioning request does not return a version-
       ing state value.

       In order to enable MFA Delete, you must be the bucket owner. If you are
       the bucket owner and want to enable MFA Delete in the bucket versioning
       configuration,  you  must  include the x-amz-mfa request header and the
       Status and the MfaDelete request elements in a request to set the  ver-
       sioning state of the bucket.

       WARNING:
              If  you  have  an  object  expiration  lifecycle  policy in your
              non-versioned bucket and you want to maintain the same permanent
              delete  behavior when you enable versioning, you must add a non-
              current expiration policy. The noncurrent  expiration  lifecycle
              policy will manage the deletes of the noncurrent object versions
              in the version-enabled bucket. (A version-enabled  bucket  main-
              tains  one current and zero or more noncurrent object versions.)
              For more information, see Lifecycle and Versioning .

          Related Resources

       o CreateBucket

       o DeleteBucket

       o GetBucketVersioning

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-bucket-versioning
          --bucket <value>
          [--content-md5 <value>]
          [--checksum-algorithm <value>]
          [--mfa <value>]
          --versioning-configuration <value>
          [--expected-bucket-owner <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bucket (string)
          The bucket name.

       --content-md5 (string)
          >The base64-encoded 128-bit MD5 digest of the  data.  You  must  use
          this  header as a message integrity check to verify that the request
          body was not corrupted in transit. For  more  information,  see  RFC
          1864 .

          For  requests made using the Amazon Web Services Command Line Inter-
          face (CLI) or Amazon Web Services SDKs, this field is calculated au-
          tomatically.

       --checksum-algorithm (string)
          Indicates  the  algorithm used to create the checksum for the object
          when using the SDK. This header  will  not  provide  any  additional
          functionality  if not using the SDK. When sending this header, there
          must be a corresponding x-amz-checksum or x-amz-trailer header sent.
          Otherwise, Amazon S3 fails the request with the HTTP status code 400
          Bad Request . For more information, see Checking object integrity in
          the Amazon S3 User Guide .

          If  you  provide  an individual checksum, Amazon S3 ignores any pro-
          vided ChecksumAlgorithm parameter.

          Possible values:

          o CRC32

          o CRC32C

          o SHA1

          o SHA256

       --mfa (string)
          The concatenation of the authentication device's  serial  number,  a
          space,  and  the  value that is displayed on your authentication de-
          vice.

       --versioning-configuration (structure)
          Container for setting the versioning state.

          MFADelete -> (string)
              Specifies whether MFA delete is enabled in the bucket versioning
              configuration.  This  element is only returned if the bucket has
              been configured with MFA delete. If the bucket has never been so
              configured, this element is not returned.

          Status -> (string)
              The versioning state of the bucket.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          MFADelete=string,Status=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "MFADelete": "Enabled"|"Disabled",
            "Status": "Enabled"|"Suspended"
          }

       --expected-bucket-owner (string)
          The  account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the bucket is owned
          by a different account, the request fails with the HTTP status  code
          403 Forbidden (access denied).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following command enables versioning on a bucket named my-bucket:

          aws s3api put-bucket-versioning --bucket my-bucket --versioning-configuration Status=Enabled

       The following command enables versioning, and uses an mfa code

          aws s3api put-bucket-versioning --bucket my-bucket --versioning-configuration Status=Enabled --mfa "SERIAL 123456"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       PUT-BUCKET-VERSIONING()
