SEARCH()                                                              SEARCH()



NAME
       search -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a list of documents that match the specified search criteria.
       How you specify the search criteria depends on which query  parser  you
       use. Amazon CloudSearch supports four query parsers:

       o simple  :  search  all  text  and text-array fields for the specified
         string. Search for phrases, individual terms, and prefixes.

       o structured : search specific fields, construct compound queries using
         Boolean  operators,  and  use advanced features such as term boosting
         and proximity searching.

       o lucene : specify search criteria using the Apache Lucene query parser
         syntax.

       o dismax  :  specify search criteria using the simplified subset of the
         Apache Lucene query parser syntax defined by the DisMax query parser.

       For more information, see Searching Your Data in the Amazon CloudSearch
       Developer Guide .

       The  endpoint  for  submitting  Search requests is domain-specific. You
       submit search requests to a domain's search endpoint. To get the search
       endpoint for your domain, use the Amazon CloudSearch configuration ser-
       vice DescribeDomains action. A domain's endpoints are also displayed on
       the domain dashboard in the Amazon CloudSearch console.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            search
          [--cursor <value>]
          [--expr <value>]
          [--facet <value>]
          [--filter-query <value>]
          [--highlight <value>]
          [--partial | --no-partial]
          [--query-options <value>]
          [--query-parser <value>]
          [--return <value>]
          [--size <value>]
          [--sort <value>]
          [--start <value>]
          [--stats <value>]
          --search-query <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cursor (string)
          Retrieves  a  cursor  value you can use to page through large result
          sets. Use the size parameter to control the number of  hits  to  in-
          clude  in  each response. You can specify either the cursor or start
          parameter in a request; they are  mutually  exclusive.  To  get  the
          first  cursor,  set  the cursor value to initial . In subsequent re-
          quests, specify the cursor value returned in the hits section of the
          response.

          For  more  information,  see Paginating Results in the Amazon Cloud-
          Search Developer Guide .

       --expr (string)
          Defines one or more numeric expressions that can be used to sort re-
          sults or specify search or filter criteria. You can also specify ex-
          pressions as return fields.

          You specify the expressions in JSON  using  the  form  {"EXPRESSION-
          NAME":"EXPRESSION"} . You can define and use multiple expressions in
          a search request. For example:

          {"expression1":"_score*rating", "expression2":"(1/rank)*year"}

          For information about the variables, operators,  and  functions  you
          can use in expressions, see Writing Expressions in the Amazon Cloud-
          Search Developer Guide .

       --facet (string)
          Specifies one or more fields for which to get facet information, and
          options  that  control  how  the facet information is returned. Each
          specified field must be facet-enabled in the  domain  configuration.
          The  fields  and  options  are  specified  in  JSON  using  the form
          {"FIELD":{"OPTION":VALUE,"OPTION:"STRING"},"FIELD":{"OP-
          TION":VALUE,"OPTION":"STRING"}} .

          You can specify the following faceting options:

          o buckets specifies an array of the facet values or ranges to count.
            Ranges are specified using the same syntax that you use to  search
            for  a  range of values. For more information, see Searching for a
            Range of Values in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .  Buck-
            ets  are  returned in the order they are specified in the request.
            The sort and size options are not valid if you specify buckets .

          o size specifies the maximum number of facets to include in the  re-
            sults.  By  default, Amazon CloudSearch returns counts for the top
            10. The size parameter is only valid when you specify the sort op-
            tion; it cannot be used in conjunction with buckets .

          o sort  specifies  how  you  want to sort the facets in the results:
            bucket or count . Specify bucket to sort alphabetically or numeri-
            cally  by  facet value (in ascending order). Specify count to sort
            by the facet counts computed for each facet value  (in  descending
            order).  To  retrieve facet counts for particular values or ranges
            of values, use the buckets option instead of sort .

          If no facet options are specified, facet counts are computed for all
          field  values,  the facets are sorted by facet count, and the top 10
          facets are returned in the results.

          To count particular buckets of values, use the buckets  option.  For
          example,  the following request uses the buckets option to calculate
          and return facet counts by decade.

          {"year":{"buck-
          ets":["[1970,1979]","[1980,1989]","[1990,1999]","[2000,2009]","[2010,}"]}}

          To sort facets by facet count, use the count  option.  For  example,
          the  following  request  sets  the  sort option to count to sort the
          facet values by facet count, with the facet  values  that  have  the
          most  matching  documents listed first. Setting the size option to 3
          returns only the top three facet values.

          {"year":{"sort":"count","size":3}}

          To sort the facets by value, use the bucket option. For example, the
          following  request  sets the sort option to bucket to sort the facet
          values numerically by year, with earliest year listed first.

          {"year":{"sort":"bucket"}}

          For more information, see Getting and Using Facet Information in the
          Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       --filter-query (string)
          Specifies  a  structured  query that filters the results of a search
          without affecting how the results are scored  and  sorted.  You  use
          filterQuery  in  conjunction  with the query parameter to filter the
          documents that match the constraints specified in the query  parame-
          ter.  Specifying a filter controls only which matching documents are
          included in the results, it has no effect on how they are scored and
          sorted. The filterQuery parameter supports the full structured query
          syntax.

          For more information about using  filters,  see  Filtering  Matching
          Documents in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       --highlight (string)
          Retrieves highlights for matches in the specified text or text-array
          fields. Each specified field must be highlight enabled in the domain
          configuration.  The  fields  and options are specified in JSON using
          the  form   {"FIELD":{"OPTION":VALUE,"OPTION:"STRING"},"FIELD":{"OP-
          TION":VALUE,"OPTION":"STRING"}} .

          You can specify the following highlight options:

          o format  : specifies the format of the data in the text field: text
            or html . When data is  returned  as  HTML,  all  non-alphanumeric
            characters are encoded. The default is html .

          o max_phrases  :  specifies the maximum number of occurrences of the
            search term(s) you want to highlight. By default, the first occur-
            rence is highlighted.

          o pre_tag  :  specifies  the string to prepend to an occurrence of a
            search term. The default for HTML highlights is &lt;em&gt;  .  The
            default for text highlights is * .

          o post_tag  :  specifies  the string to append to an occurrence of a
            search term. The default for HTML highlights is &lt;/em&gt; .  The
            default for text highlights is * .

          If  no  highlight  options  are  specified for a field, the returned
          field text is treated as HTML and the  first  match  is  highlighted
          with emphasis tags: &lt;em>search-term&lt;/em&gt; .

          For  example, the following request retrieves highlights for the ac-
          tors and title fields.
              {  "actors":  {},  "title":   {"format":   "text","max_phrases":
              2,"pre_tag": "**","post_tag": "** "} }

       --partial | --no-partial (boolean)
          Enables  partial  results to be returned if one or more index parti-
          tions are unavailable. When your search index is partitioned  across
          multiple  search  instances,  by default Amazon CloudSearch only re-
          turns results if every partition can be queried. This means that the
          failure  of  a  single  search  instance can result in 5xx (internal
          server) errors. When you enable partial results, Amazon  CloudSearch
          returns  whatever  results are available and includes the percentage
          of documents searched in the search results (percent-searched). This
          enables  you  to  more gracefully degrade your users' search experi-
          ence. For example, rather than displaying no results, you could dis-
          play  the  partial results and a message indicating that the results
          might be incomplete due to a temporary system outage.

       --query-options (string)
          Configures options for the query parser specified in the queryParser
          parameter.  You specify the options in JSON using the following form
          {"OPTION1":"VALUE1","OPTION2":VALUE2"..."OPTIONN":"VALUEN"}.

          The options you can configure vary according  to  which  parser  you
          use:

          o defaultOperator  : The default operator used to combine individual
            terms in the search string. For example: defaultOperator:  'or'  .
            For  the  dismax  parser, you specify a percentage that represents
            the percentage of terms in the search string (rounded  down)  that
            must  match,  rather than a default operator. A value of 0% is the
            equivalent to OR, and a value of 100% is equivalent  to  AND.  The
            percentage  must  be  specified as a value in the range 0-100 fol-
            lowed by the percent (%) symbol. For example, defaultOperator: 50%
            . Valid values: and , or , a percentage in the range 0%-100% (dis-
            max ). Default: and (simple , structured , lucene ) or 100 (dismax
            ). Valid for: simple , structured , lucene , and dismax .

          o fields : An array of the fields to search when no fields are spec-
            ified in a search. If no fields are specified in a search and this
            option  is  not  specified,  all  text  and  text-array fields are
            searched. You can specify a weight for each field to  control  the
            relative  importance  of each field when Amazon CloudSearch calcu-
            lates relevance scores. To specify a field weight, append a  caret
            (^  )  symbol  and  the  weight to the field name. For example, to
            boost the importance of the title field over the description field
            you could specify: "fields":["title^5","description"] . Valid val-
            ues: The name of any configured  field  and  an  optional  numeric
            value  greater than zero. Default: All text and text-array fields.
            Valid for: simple , structured , lucene , and dismax .

          o operators : An array of the operators or  special  characters  you
            want  to  disable  for the simple query parser. If you disable the
            and , or , or not operators, the corresponding operators (+ , |  ,
            -  )  have  no  special  meaning  and  are dropped from the search
            string. Similarly, disabling prefix disables the wildcard operator
            (*  )  and  disabling  phrase  disables  the ability to search for
            phrases by enclosing phrases in double  quotes.  Disabling  prece-
            dence  disables  the  ability to control order of precedence using
            parentheses. Disabling near disables the ability to use the ~  op-
            erator  to perform a sloppy phrase search. Disabling the fuzzy op-
            erator disables the ability to use the ~  operator  to  perform  a
            fuzzy  search. escape disables the ability to use a backslash (\ )
            to escape special characters within the search  string.  Disabling
            whitespace is an advanced option that prevents the parser from to-
            kenizing on whitespace, which can be useful  for  Vietnamese.  (It
            prevents Vietnamese words from being split incorrectly.) For exam-
            ple, you could disable all operators other than the phrase  opera-
            tor  to  support  just  simple  term  and  phrase queries: "opera-
            tors":["and","not","or", "prefix"] . Valid values: and , escape  ,
            fuzzy  ,  near  , not , or , phrase , precedence , prefix , white-
            space . Default: All operators and special characters are enabled.
            Valid for: simple .

          o phraseFields  : An array of the text or text-array fields you want
            to use for phrase searches. When the terms in  the  search  string
            appear in close proximity within a field, the field scores higher.
            You can specify a weight for each field to boost that  score.  The
            phraseSlop  option  controls how much the matches can deviate from
            the search string and still be boosted. To specify a field weight,
            append  a  caret (^ ) symbol and the weight to the field name. For
            example, to boost phrase matches in the title field over  the  ab-
            stract   field,   you  could  specify:  "phraseFields":["title^3",
            "plot"] Valid values: The name of any text or text-array field and
            an  optional  numeric value greater than zero. Default: No fields.
            If you don't specify any  fields  with  phraseFields  ,  proximity
            scoring  is  disabled  even if phraseSlop is specified. Valid for:
            dismax .

          o phraseSlop : An integer value that specifies how much matches  can
            deviate  from  the search phrase and still be boosted according to
            the weights specified in the  phraseFields  option;  for  example,
            phraseSlop: 2 . You must also specify phraseFields to enable prox-
            imity scoring. Valid values: positive integers. Default: 0.  Valid
            for: dismax .

          o explicitPhraseSlop  :  An  integer value that specifies how much a
            match can deviate from the search phrase when the  phrase  is  en-
            closed in double quotes in the search string. (Phrases that exceed
            this proximity distance are not considered a match.) For  example,
            to  specify  a  slop of three for dismax phrase queries, you would
            specify "explicitPhraseSlop":3 . Valid values: positive  integers.
            Default: 0. Valid for: dismax .

          o tieBreaker  : When a term in the search string is found in a docu-
            ment's field, a score is calculated for that field  based  on  how
            common  the  word is in that field compared to other documents. If
            the term occurs in multiple fields within a document,  by  default
            only the highest scoring field contributes to the document's over-
            all score. You can  specify  a  tieBreaker  value  to  enable  the
            matches  in  lower-scoring  fields to contribute to the document's
            score. That way, if two documents have the same  max  field  score
            for a particular term, the score for the document that has matches
            in more fields will be higher. The  formula  for  calculating  the
            score with a tieBreaker is (max field score) + (tieBreaker) * (sum
            of the  scores  for  the  rest  of  the  matching  fields)  .  Set
            tieBreaker  to  0  to  disregard all but the highest scoring field
            (pure max): "tieBreaker":0 . Set to 1 to sum the scores  from  all
            fields  (pure sum): "tieBreaker":1 . Valid values: 0.0 to 1.0. De-
            fault: 0.0. Valid for: dismax .

       --query-parser (string)
          Specifies which query parser to  use  to  process  the  request.  If
          queryParser  is  not  specified,  Amazon CloudSearch uses the simple
          query parser.

          Amazon CloudSearch supports four query parsers:

          o simple : perform simple searches of text and text-array fields. By
            default,  the simple query parser searches all text and text-array
            fields. You can specify which fields to search by with the  query-
            Options  parameter.  If  you prefix a search term with a plus sign
            (+) documents must contain the term  to  be  considered  a  match.
            (This  is  the  default, unless you configure the default operator
            with the queryOptions parameter.) You can use the - (NOT), | (OR),
            and  *  (wildcard) operators to exclude particular terms, find re-
            sults that match any of the specified terms, or search for a  pre-
            fix.  To search for a phrase rather than individual terms, enclose
            the phrase in double quotes. For more information,  see  Searching
            for Text in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

          o structured  :  perform advanced searches by combining multiple ex-
            pressions to define the  search  criteria.  You  can  also  search
            within  particular fields, search for values and ranges of values,
            and use advanced options such as term  boosting,  matchall  ,  and
            near  . For more information, see Constructing Compound Queries in
            the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

          o lucene : search using the Apache Lucene query parser  syntax.  For
            more information, see Apache Lucene Query Parser Syntax .

          o dismax  :  search using the simplified subset of the Apache Lucene
            query parser syntax defined by the DisMax query parser.  For  more
            information, see DisMax Query Parser Syntax .

          Possible values:

          o simple

          o structured

          o lucene

          o dismax

       --return (string)
          Specifies  the  field  and  expression  values to include in the re-
          sponse. Multiple fields or expressions are specified as a comma-sep-
          arated  list.  By default, a search response includes all return en-
          abled fields (_all_fields ). To return only the document IDs for the
          matching  documents,  specify _no_fields . To retrieve the relevance
          score calculated for each document, specify _score .

       --size (long)
          Specifies the maximum number of search hits to include  in  the  re-
          sponse.

       --sort (string)
          Specifies the fields or custom expressions to use to sort the search
          results.  Multiple  fields  or  expressions  are  specified   as   a
          comma-separated  list.  You  must specify the sort direction (asc or
          desc ) for each field; for example, year desc,title asc . To  use  a
          field  to sort results, the field must be sort-enabled in the domain
          configuration. Array type fields cannot be used for sorting.  If  no
          sort  parameter  is  specified,  results are sorted by their default
          relevance scores in descending order: _score desc  .  You  can  also
          sort by document ID (_id asc ) and version (_version desc ).

          For  more information, see Sorting Results in the Amazon CloudSearch
          Developer Guide .

       --start (long)
          Specifies the offset of the first search hit  you  want  to  return.
          Note that the result set is zero-based; the first result is at index
          0. You can specify either the start or cursor  parameter  in  a  re-
          quest, they are mutually exclusive.

          For  more  information,  see Paginating Results in the Amazon Cloud-
          Search Developer Guide .

       --stats (string)
          Specifies one or more fields for which to  get  statistics  informa-
          tion.  Each specified field must be facet-enabled in the domain con-
          figuration. The fields are specified in JSON using the form:
              {"FIELD-A":{},"FIELD-B":{}}

          There are currently no options supported for statistics.

       --search-query (string)
          Specifies the search criteria for the request. How you  specify  the
          search criteria depends on the query parser used for the request and
          the parser options specified in the queryOptions parameter.  By  de-
          fault,  the  simple query parser is used to process requests. To use
          the structured , lucene , or dismax  query  parser,  you  must  also
          specify the queryParser parameter.

          For more information about specifying search criteria, see Searching
          Your Data in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (structure)
          The status information returned for the search request.

          timems -> (long)
              How long it took to process the request, in milliseconds.

          rid -> (string)
              The encrypted resource ID for the request.

       hits -> (structure)
          The documents that match the search criteria.

          found -> (long)
              The total number of documents that match the search request.

          start -> (long)
              The index of the first matching document.

          cursor -> (string)
              A cursor that can be used to retrieve the next set  of  matching
              documents when you want to page through a large result set.

          hit -> (list)
              A document that matches the search request.

              (structure)
                 Information about a document that matches the search request.

                 id -> (string)
                     The document ID of a document that matches the search re-
                     quest.

                 fields -> (map)
                     The fields returned from  a  document  that  matches  the
                     search request.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (list)
                        (string)

                 exprs -> (map)
                     The expressions returned from a document that matches the
                     search request.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

                 highlights -> (map)
                     The highlights returned from a document that matches  the
                     search request.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

       facets -> (map)
          The requested facet information.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              A container for the calculated facet values and counts.

              buckets -> (list)
                 A list of the calculated facet values and counts.

                 (structure)
                     A container for facet information.

                     value -> (string)
                        The facet value being counted.

                     count -> (long)
                        The number of hits that contain the facet value in the
                        specified facet field.

       stats -> (map)
          The requested field statistics information.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              The statistics for a field calculated in the request.

              min -> (string)
                 The minimum value found in the specified field in the  result
                 set.

                 If  the  field is numeric (int , int-array , double , or dou-
                 ble-array ), min is  the  string  representation  of  a  dou-
                 ble-precision  64-bit  floating  point value. If the field is
                 date or date-array , min is the string  representation  of  a
                 date   with   the   format   specified   in  IETF  RFC3339  :
                 yyyy-mm-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ.

              max -> (string)
                 The maximum value found in the specified field in the  result
                 set.

                 If  the  field is numeric (int , int-array , double , or dou-
                 ble-array ), max is  the  string  representation  of  a  dou-
                 ble-precision  64-bit  floating  point value. If the field is
                 date or date-array , max is the string  representation  of  a
                 date   with   the   format   specified   in  IETF  RFC3339  :
                 yyyy-mm-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ.

              count -> (long)
                 The number of documents that contain a value in the specified
                 field in the result set.

              missing -> (long)
                 The  number  of  documents that do not contain a value in the
                 specified field in the result set.

              sum -> (double)
                 The sum of the field values across the documents in  the  re-
                 sult set. null for date fields.

              sumOfSquares -> (double)
                 The sum of all field values in the result set squared.

              mean -> (string)
                 The average of the values found in the specified field in the
                 result set.

                 If the field is numeric (int , int-array , double ,  or  dou-
                 ble-array  ),  mean  is  the  string representation of a dou-
                 ble-precision 64-bit floating point value. If  the  field  is
                 date  or  date-array , mean is the string representation of a
                 date  with  the  format   specified   in   IETF   RFC3339   :
                 yyyy-mm-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ.

              stddev -> (double)
                 The  standard  deviation of the values in the specified field
                 in the result set.



                                                                      SEARCH()
