SUGGEST()                                                            SUGGEST()



NAME
       suggest -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  autocomplete suggestions for a partial query string. You can
       use suggestions enable you to display likely matches before users  fin-
       ish  typing.  In  Amazon CloudSearch, suggestions are based on the con-
       tents of a particular text field. When you request suggestions,  Amazon
       CloudSearch  finds  all  of the documents whose values in the suggester
       field start with the specified query string. The beginning of the field
       must match the query string to be considered a match.

       For  more  information about configuring suggesters and retrieving sug-
       gestions, see Getting Suggestions in the Amazon  CloudSearch  Developer
       Guide .

       The  endpoint  for  submitting Suggest requests is domain-specific. You
       submit suggest requests to a  domain's  search  endpoint.  To  get  the
       search  endpoint for your domain, use the Amazon CloudSearch configura-
       tion service DescribeDomains action. A domain's endpoints are also dis-
       played on the domain dashboard in the Amazon CloudSearch console.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            suggest
          --suggester <value>
          [--size <value>]
          --suggest-query <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --suggester (string)
          Specifies  the  name  of  the  suggester  to  use  to find suggested
          matches.

       --size (long)
          Specifies the maximum number of suggestions to return.

       --suggest-query (string)
          Specifies the string for which you want to get suggestions.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (structure)
          The status of a SuggestRequest . Contains the resource ID (rid ) and
          how long it took to process the request (timems ).

          timems -> (long)
              How long it took to process the request, in milliseconds.

          rid -> (string)
              The encrypted resource ID for the request.

       suggest -> (structure)
          Container for the matching search suggestion information.

          query -> (string)
              The query string specified in the suggest request.

          found -> (long)
              The  number  of  documents  that  were  found to match the query
              string.

          suggestions -> (list)
              The documents that match the query string.

              (structure)
                 An autocomplete suggestion  that  matches  the  query  string
                 specified in a SuggestRequest .

                 suggestion -> (string)
                     The string that matches the query string specified in the
                     SuggestRequest .

                 score -> (long)
                     The relevance score of a suggested match.

                 id -> (string)
                     The document ID of the suggested document.



                                                                     SUGGEST()
