UPLOAD-DOCUMENTS()                                          UPLOAD-DOCUMENTS()



NAME
       upload-documents -

DESCRIPTION
       Posts  a batch of documents to a search domain for indexing. A document
       batch is a collection of add and delete operations that  represent  the
       documents  you want to add, update, or delete from your domain. Batches
       can be described in either JSON or XML. Each item that you want  Amazon
       CloudSearch  to return as a search result (such as a product) is repre-
       sented as a document. Every document has a unique ID and  one  or  more
       fields  that contain the data that you want to search and return in re-
       sults. Individual documents cannot contain more than 1 MB of data.  The
       entire  batch  cannot exceed 5 MB. To get the best possible upload per-
       formance, group add and delete operations in batches that are close the
       5  MB  limit.  Submitting a large volume of single-document batches can
       overload a domain's document service.

       The endpoint for submitting  UploadDocuments  requests  is  domain-spe-
       cific.  To  get  the  document endpoint for your domain, use the Amazon
       CloudSearch configuration service DescribeDomains  action.  A  domain's
       endpoints  are  also  displayed  on  the domain dashboard in the Amazon
       CloudSearch console.

       For more information about formatting your data for Amazon CloudSearch,
       see Preparing Your Data in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide . For
       more information about uploading data for indexing, see Uploading  Data
       in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upload-documents
          --documents <value>
          --content-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --documents (blob)
          A batch of documents formatted in JSON or HTML.

       --content-type (string)
          The  format  of the batch you are uploading. Amazon CloudSearch sup-
          ports two document batch formats:

          o application/json

          o application/xml

          Possible values:

          o application/json

          o application/xml

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The following upload-documents command uploads a batch  of  JSON  docu-
       ments to an Amazon CloudSearch domain:

          aws cloudsearchdomain upload-documents --endpoint-url https://doc-my-domain.us-west-1.cloudsearch.amazonaws.com --content-type application/json --documents document-batch.json

       Output:

          {
            "status": "success",
            "adds": 5000,
            "deletes": 0
          }

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          The status of an UploadDocumentsRequest .

       adds -> (long)
          The number of documents that were added to the search domain.

       deletes -> (long)
          The number of documents that were deleted from the search domain.

       warnings -> (list)
          Any  warnings  returned  by the document service about the documents
          being uploaded.

          (structure)
              A warning returned by the document service when an issue is dis-
              covered while processing an upload request.

              message -> (string)
                 The  description  for a warning returned by the document ser-
                 vice.



                                                            UPLOAD-DOCUMENTS()
