DESCRIBE-ADDRESS()                                          DESCRIBE-ADDRESS()



NAME
       describe-address -

DESCRIPTION
       Takes  an  AddressId and returns specific details about that address in
       the form of an Address object.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-address
          --address-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --address-id (string)
          The automatically generated ID for a specific address.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Address -> (structure)
          The address that you want the Snow device(s) associated with a  spe-
          cific job to be shipped to.

          AddressId -> (string)
              The unique ID for an address.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of a person to receive a Snow device at an address.

          Company -> (string)
              The name of the company to receive a Snow device at an address.

          Street1 -> (string)
              The  first  line in a street address that a Snow device is to be
              delivered to.

          Street2 -> (string)
              The second line in a street address that a Snow device is to  be
              delivered to.

          Street3 -> (string)
              The  third  line in a street address that a Snow device is to be
              delivered to.

          City -> (string)
              The city in an address that a Snow device is to be delivered to.

          StateOrProvince -> (string)
              The state or province in an address that a Snow device is to  be
              delivered to.

          PrefectureOrDistrict -> (string)
              This field is no longer used and the value is ignored.

          Landmark -> (string)
              This field is no longer used and the value is ignored.

          Country -> (string)
              The  country in an address that a Snow device is to be delivered
              to.

          PostalCode -> (string)
              The postal code in an address that a Snow device is to be deliv-
              ered to.

          PhoneNumber -> (string)
              The  phone  number associated with an address that a Snow device
              is to be delivered to.

          IsRestricted -> (boolean)
              If the address you are creating is a primary address,  then  set
              this  option  to  true.  This field is not supported in most re-
              gions.



                                                            DESCRIBE-ADDRESS()
