GET-SOFTWARE-UPDATES()                                  GET-SOFTWARE-UPDATES()



NAME
       get-software-updates -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an Amazon S3 presigned URL for an update file associated with a
       specified JobId .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-software-updates
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The ID for a job that you want to get the software update file  for,
          for example JID123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000 .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpdatesURI -> (string)
          The  Amazon S3 presigned URL for the update file associated with the
          specified JobId value. The software update will be available  for  2
          days  after  this  request  is made. To access an update after the 2
          days have passed, you'll have to make another call to GetSoftwareUp-
          dates .



                                                        GET-SOFTWARE-UPDATES()
