GET-JOB-UNLOCK-CODE()                                    GET-JOB-UNLOCK-CODE()



NAME
       get-job-unlock-code -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  UnlockCode code value for the specified job. A particular
       UnlockCode value can be accessed for up to 360 days after  the  associ-
       ated job has been created.

       The  UnlockCode value is a 29-character code with 25 alphanumeric char-
       acters and 4 hyphens. This code is used to decrypt  the  manifest  file
       when  it  is  passed along with the manifest to the Snow device through
       the Snowball client when the client is started for the first time.

       As a best practice, we recommend that you don't save a copy of the  Un-
       lockCode in the same location as the manifest file for that job. Saving
       these separately helps prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access
       to the Snow device associated with that job.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-job-unlock-code
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The  ID  for  the job that you want to get the UnlockCode value for,
          for example JID123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000 .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UnlockCode -> (string)
          The UnlockCode value for the specified job. The UnlockCode value can
          be accessed for up to 360 days after the job has been created.



                                                         GET-JOB-UNLOCK-CODE()
