GET-SNOWBALL-USAGE()                                      GET-SNOWBALL-USAGE()



NAME
       get-snowball-usage -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the Snow Family service limit for your ac-
       count, and also the number of Snow devices your account has in use.

       The default service limit for the number of Snow devices that  you  can
       have at one time is 1. If you want to increase your service limit, con-
       tact Amazon Web Services Support.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-snowball-usage
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about the Snowball service limit for your account

       The following get-snowball-usage example displays information about the
       Snowball  service  limit for your account, and also the number of Snow-
       balls your account has in use.

          aws snowball get-snowball-usage

       Output:

          {
              "SnowballLimit": 1,
              "SnowballsInUse": 0
          }

       FOR more information, see AWS Snowball Edge Limits in the AWS  Snowball
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       SnowballLimit -> (integer)
          The  service  limit for number of Snow devices this account can have
          at once. The default service limit is 1 (one).

       SnowballsInUse -> (integer)
          The number of Snow devices that this account is currently using.



                                                          GET-SNOWBALL-USAGE()
