LIST-COMPATIBLE-IMAGES()                              LIST-COMPATIBLE-IMAGES()



NAME
       list-compatible-images -

DESCRIPTION
       This  action  returns a list of the different Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine
       Images (AMIs) that are owned by your Amazon  Web  Services  accountthat
       would  be supported for use on a Snow device. Currently, supported AMIs
       are based on the CentOS 7 (x86_64) - with Updates  HVM,  Ubuntu  Server
       14.04  LTS (HVM), and Ubuntu 16.04 LTS - Xenial (HVM) images, available
       on the Amazon Web Services Marketplace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-compatible-images is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: CompatibleImages

SYNOPSIS
            list-compatible-images
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CompatibleImages -> (list)
          A  JSON-formatted  object that describes a compatible AMI, including
          the ID and name for a Snow device AMI.

          (structure)
              A JSON-formatted object that describes a compatible  Amazon  Ma-
              chine  Image  (AMI), including the ID and name for a Snow device
              AMI. This AMI is compatible with the device's physical  hardware
              requirements,  and  it  should  be able to be run in an SBE1 in-
              stance on the device.

              AmiId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for an individual Snow device AMI.

              Name -> (string)
                 The optional name of a compatible image.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Because HTTP requests are stateless, this is the starting point  for
          your next list of returned images.



                                                      LIST-COMPATIBLE-IMAGES()
