UPDATE-JOB-SHIPMENT-STATE()                        UPDATE-JOB-SHIPMENT-STATE()



NAME
       update-job-shipment-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the state when a shipment state changes to a different state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-job-shipment-state
          --job-id <value>
          --shipment-state <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The  job  ID  of the job whose shipment date you want to update, for
          example JID123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000 .

       --shipment-state (string)
          The state of a device when it is being shipped.

          Set to RECEIVED when the device arrives at your location.

          Set to RETURNED when you have returned the device to Amazon Web Ser-
          vices.

          Possible values:

          o RECEIVED

          o RETURNED

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-JOB-SHIPMENT-STATE()
