UPDATE-LONG-TERM-PRICING()                          UPDATE-LONG-TERM-PRICING()



NAME
       update-long-term-pricing -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the long-term pricing type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-long-term-pricing
          --long-term-pricing-id <value>
          [--replacement-job <value>]
          [--is-long-term-pricing-auto-renew | --no-is-long-term-pricing-auto-renew]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --long-term-pricing-id (string)
          The ID of the long-term pricing type for the device.

       --replacement-job (string)
          Specifies  that  a  device  that  is  ordered with long-term pricing
          should be replaced with a new device.

       --is-long-term-pricing-auto-renew |  --no-is-long-term-pricing-auto-re-
       new (boolean)
          If  set  to true , specifies that the current long-term pricing type
          for the device should be automatically renewed before the  long-term
          pricing contract expires.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-LONG-TERM-PRICING()
