CREATE-EXPORT-TASK()                                      CREATE-EXPORT-TASK()



NAME
       create-export-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  export  task,  which allows you to efficiently export data
       from a log group to an Amazon S3 bucket. When you perform  a  CreateEx-
       portTask  operation,  you  must use credentials that have permission to
       write to the S3 bucket that you specify as the destination.

       This is an asynchronous call. If all the required information  is  pro-
       vided, this operation initiates an export task and responds with the ID
       of  the   task.   After   the   task   has   started,   you   can   use
       DescribeExportTasks  to get the status of the export task. Each account
       can only have one active (RUNNING or PENDING ) export task at  a  time.
       To cancel an export task, use CancelExportTask .

       You can export logs from multiple log groups or multiple time ranges to
       the same S3 bucket. To separate out log data for each export task,  you
       can specify a prefix to be used as the Amazon S3 key prefix for all ex-
       ported objects.

       Exporting to S3 buckets that are encrypted with AES-256  is  supported.
       Exporting to S3 buckets encrypted with SSE-KMS is not supported.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-export-task
          [--task-name <value>]
          --log-group-name <value>
          [--log-stream-name-prefix <value>]
          --from <value>
          --to <value>
          --destination <value>
          [--destination-prefix <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-name (string)
          The name of the export task.

       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --log-stream-name-prefix (string)
          Export only log streams that match the provided prefix. If you don't
          specify a value, no prefix filter is applied.

       --from (long)
          The start time of the range for the request, expressed as the number
          of  milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC. Events with a time-
          stamp earlier than this time are not exported.

       --to (long)
          The end time of the range for the request, expreswatchlogsdocused as
          the  number  of  milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC. Events
          with a timestamp later than this time are not exported.

       --destination (string)
          The name of S3 bucket for the exported log data. The bucket must  be
          in the same Amazon Web Services region.

       --destination-prefix (string)
          The  prefix  used as the start of the key for every object exported.
          If you don't specify a value, the default is exportedlogs .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       taskId -> (string)
          The ID of the export task.



                                                          CREATE-EXPORT-TASK()
