DESCRIBE-DESTINATIONS()                                DESCRIBE-DESTINATIONS()



NAME
       describe-destinations -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  your destinations. The results are ASCII-sorted by destina-
       tion name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-destinations is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: destinations

SYNOPSIS
            describe-destinations
          [--destination-name-prefix <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --destination-name-prefix (string)
          The  prefix to match. If you don't specify a value, no prefix filter
          is applied.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       destinations -> (list)
          The destinations.

          (structure)
              Represents a cross-account destination that  receives  subscrip-
              tion log events.

              destinationName -> (string)
                 The name of the destination.

              targetArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the physical target where
                 the log events are delivered (for example, a Kinesis stream).

              roleArn -> (string)
                 A role for impersonation, used when delivering log events  to
                 the target.

              accessPolicy -> (string)
                 An IAM policy document that governs which Amazon Web Services
                 accounts can create subscription filters against this  desti-
                 nation.

              arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of this destination.

              creationTime -> (long)
                 The creation time of the destination, expressed as the number
                 of milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of items to return. The token expires af-
          ter 24 hours.



                                                       DESCRIBE-DESTINATIONS()
