DESCRIBE-EXPORT-TASKS()                                DESCRIBE-EXPORT-TASKS()



NAME
       describe-export-tasks -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the specified export tasks. You can list all your export tasks or
       filter the results based on task ID or task status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-export-tasks is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: exportTasks

SYNOPSIS
            describe-export-tasks
          [--task-id <value>]
          [--status-code <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-id (string)
          The  ID of the export task. Specifying a task ID filters the results
          to zero or one export tasks.

       --status-code (string)
          The status code of the export task. Specifying a status code filters
          the results to zero or more export tasks.

          Possible values:

          o CANCELLED

          o COMPLETED

          o FAILED

          o PENDING

          o PENDING_CANCEL

          o RUNNING

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       exportTasks -> (list)
          The export tasks.

          (structure)
              Represents an export task.

              taskId -> (string)
                 The ID of the export task.

              taskName -> (string)
                 The name of the export task.

              logGroupName -> (string)
                 The name of the log group from which logs data was exported.

              from -> (long)
                 The start time, expressed as the number of milliseconds after
                 Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC. Events with a timestamp before this
                 time are not exported.

              to -> (long)
                 The  end  time, expressed as the number of milliseconds after
                 Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC. Events with a timestamp later  than
                 this time are not exported.

              destination -> (string)
                 The name of the S3 bucket to which the log data was exported.

              destinationPrefix -> (string)
                 The  prefix  that  was used as the start of Amazon S3 key for
                 every object exported.

              status -> (structure)
                 The status of the export task.

                 code -> (string)
                     The status code of the export task.

                 message -> (string)
                     The status message related to the status code.

              executionInfo -> (structure)
                 Execution information about the export task.

                 creationTime -> (long)
                     The creation time of the export task,  expressed  as  the
                     number of milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC.

                 completionTime -> (long)
                     The  completion time of the export task, expressed as the
                     number of milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of items to return. The token expires af-
          ter 24 hours.



                                                       DESCRIBE-EXPORT-TASKS()
