DESCRIBE-QUERIES()                                          DESCRIBE-QUERIES()



NAME
       describe-queries -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a list of CloudWatch Logs Insights queries that are scheduled,
       executing, or have been executed recently in this account. You can  re-
       quest  all  queries  or  limit it to queries of a specific log group or
       queries with a certain status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-queries is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: queries

SYNOPSIS
            describe-queries
          [--log-group-name <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          Limits  the  returned  queries  to  only those for the specified log
          group.

       --status (string)
          Limits the returned queries to only those that  have  the  specified
          status.  Valid  values are Cancelled , Complete , Failed , Running ,
          and Scheduled .

          Possible values:

          o Scheduled

          o Running

          o Complete

          o Failed

          o Cancelled

          o Timeout

          o Unknown

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       queries -> (list)
          The list of queries that match the request.

          (structure)
              Information  about  one  CloudWatch  Logs  Insights  query  that
              matches the request in a DescribeQueries operation.

              queryId -> (string)
                 The unique ID number of this query.

              queryString -> (string)
                 The query string used in this query.

              status -> (string)
                 The  status  of  this  query. Possible values are Cancelled ,
                 Complete , Failed , Running , Scheduled , and Unknown .

              createTime -> (long)
                 The date and time that this query was created.

              logGroupName -> (string)
                 The name of the log group scanned by this query.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of items to return. The token expires af-
          ter 24 hours.



                                                            DESCRIBE-QUERIES()
