DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTERS()                DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTERS()



NAME
       describe-subscription-filters -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  subscription  filters  for the specified log group. You can
       list all the subscription filters or filter the results by prefix.  The
       results are ASCII-sorted by filter name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-subscription-filters  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: subscriptionFilters

SYNOPSIS
            describe-subscription-filters
          --log-group-name <value>
          [--filter-name-prefix <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --filter-name-prefix (string)
          The prefix to match. If you don't specify a value, no prefix  filter
          is applied.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       subscriptionFilters -> (list)
          The subscription filters.

          (structure)
              Represents a subscription filter.

              filterName -> (string)
                 The name of the subscription filter.

              logGroupName -> (string)
                 The name of the log group.

              filterPattern -> (string)
                 A symbolic description of how CloudWatch Logs  should  inter-
                 pret the data in each log event. For example, a log event can
                 contain timestamps, IP addresses, strings, and so on. You use
                 the  filter  pattern  to  specify what to look for in the log
                 event message.

              destinationArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination.

              roleArn -> (string)

              distribution -> (string)
                 The method used to distribute log data  to  the  destination,
                 which can be either random or grouped by log stream.

              creationTime -> (long)
                 The  creation  time  of the subscription filter, expressed as
                 the number of milliseconds after Jan 1, 1970 00:00:00 UTC.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of items to return. The token expires af-
          ter 24 hours.



                                               DESCRIBE-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTERS()
