DISASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()                                  DISASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()



NAME
       disassociate-kms-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates the associated Key Management Service customer master key
       (CMK) from the specified log group.

       After the KMS CMK is disassociated from the log group, CloudWatch  Logs
       stops  encrypting newly ingested data for the log group. All previously
       ingested data remains encrypted, and CloudWatch Logs  requires  permis-
       sions for the CMK whenever the encrypted data is requested.

       Note  that  it  can take up to 5 minutes for this operation to take ef-
       fect.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-kms-key
          --log-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISASSOCIATE-KMS-KEY()
