PUT-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTER()                            PUT-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTER()



NAME
       put-subscription-filter -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or  updates  a  subscription filter and associates it with the
       specified log group. Subscription filters allow you to subscribe  to  a
       real-time  stream  of log events ingested through PutLogEvents and have
       them delivered to a specific destination. When log events are  sent  to
       the  receiving service, they are Base64 encoded and compressed with the
       gzip format.

       The following destinations are supported for subscription filters:

       o An Amazon Kinesis stream belonging to the same account  as  the  sub-
         scription filter, for same-account delivery.

       o A  logical  destination  that  belongs  to  a  different account, for
         cross-account delivery.

       o An Amazon Kinesis Firehose delivery stream that belongs to  the  same
         account as the subscription filter, for same-account delivery.

       o An  Lambda function that belongs to the same account as the subscrip-
         tion filter, for same-account delivery.

       Each log group can have up to two subscription filters associated  with
       it.  If  you are updating an existing filter, you must specify the cor-
       rect name in filterName .

       To perform a PutSubscriptionFilter operation, you must  also  have  the
       iam:PassRole permission.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-subscription-filter
          --log-group-name <value>
          --filter-name <value>
          --filter-pattern <value>
          --destination-arn <value>
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--distribution <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --filter-name (string)
          A  name for the subscription filter. If you are updating an existing
          filter, you must specify the correct name in filterName  .  To  find
          the  name  of  the filter currently associated with a log group, use
          DescribeSubscriptionFilters .

       --filter-pattern (string)
          A filter pattern for subscribing to a filtered stream of log events.

       --destination-arn (string)
          The ARN of the destination to deliver matching log events  to.  Cur-
          rently, the supported destinations are:

          o An Amazon Kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the sub-
            scription filter, for same-account delivery.

          o A logical destination (specified using an ARN) belonging to a dif-
            ferent  account, for cross-account delivery. If you are setting up
            a cross-account subscription, the destination  must  have  an  IAM
            policy  associated  with it that allows the sender to send logs to
            the destination. For more information, see PutDestinationPolicy .

          o An Amazon Kinesis Firehose delivery stream belonging to  the  same
            account as the subscription filter, for same-account delivery.

          o A  Lambda  function belonging to the same account as the subscrip-
            tion filter, for same-account delivery.

       --role-arn (string)
          The ARN of an IAM role that grants CloudWatch  Logs  permissions  to
          deliver  ingested  log  events  to the destination stream. You don't
          need to provide the ARN when you are working with a logical destina-
          tion for cross-account delivery.

       --distribution (string)
          The  method  used  to distribute log data to the destination. By de-
          fault, log data is grouped by log stream, but the  grouping  can  be
          set  to  random  for a more even distribution. This property is only
          applicable when the destination is an Amazon Kinesis stream.

          Possible values:

          o Random

          o ByLogStream

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     PUT-SUBSCRIPTION-FILTER()
