PUT-DESTINATION-POLICY()                              PUT-DESTINATION-POLICY()



NAME
       put-destination-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or updates an access policy associated with an existing desti-
       nation. An access policy is an IAM policy document that is used to  au-
       thorize claims to register a subscription filter against a given desti-
       nation.

       If multiple Amazon Web Services accounts are sending logs to this  des-
       tination,  each sender account must be listed separately in the policy.
       The policy does not support specifying * as the Principal or the use of
       the aws:PrincipalOrgId global key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-destination-policy
          --destination-name <value>
          --access-policy <value>
          [--force-update | --no-force-update]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --destination-name (string)
          A name for an existing destination.

       --access-policy (string)
          An  IAM  policy  document that authorizes cross-account users to de-
          liver their log events to the associated destination. This can be up
          to 5120 bytes.

       --force-update | --no-force-update (boolean)
          Specify  true  if you are updating an existing destination policy to
          grant permission to an organization ID instead of  granting  permis-
          sion  to  individual  AWS  accounts. Before you update a destination
          policy this way, you must first update the subscription  filters  in
          the  accounts that send logs to this destination. If you do not, the
          subscription filters might stop  working.  By  specifying  true  for
          forceUpdate  ,  you  are affirming that you have already updated the
          subscription filters. For more information, see Updating an existing
          cross-account subscription

          If you omit this parameter, the default of false is used.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      PUT-DESTINATION-POLICY()
