PUT-RETENTION-POLICY()                                  PUT-RETENTION-POLICY()



NAME
       put-retention-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the  retention of the specified log group. A retention policy al-
       lows you to configure the number of days for which to retain log events
       in the specified log group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-retention-policy
          --log-group-name <value>
          --retention-in-days <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --log-group-name (string)
          The name of the log group.

       --retention-in-days (integer)
          The  number  of  days  to retain the log events in the specified log
          group. Possible values are: 1, 3, 5, 7, 14, 30, 60,  90,  120,  150,
          180, 365, 400, 545, 731, 1827, and 3653.

          To   set   a  log  group  to  never  have  log  events  expire,  use
          DeleteRetentionPolicy .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       The  following  command  adds  a  5 day retention policy to a log group
       named my-logs:

          aws logs put-retention-policy --log-group-name my-logs --retention-in-days 5

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        PUT-RETENTION-POLICY()
