ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERED()



NAME
       environment-template-version-registered -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until an EnvironmentTemplateVersion is registered. Use this after
       invoking CreateEnvironmentTemplateVersion It will poll every 2  seconds
       until a successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return
       code of 255 after 150 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            environment-template-version-registered
          --major-version <value>
          --minor-version <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --major-version (string)
          To view environment template major version detail data, include  ma-
          jor Version .

       --minor-version (string)
          To  view environment template minor version detail data, include mi-
          norVersion .

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the environment template.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                     ENVIRONMENT-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERED()
