SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERED()    SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERED()



NAME
       service-template-version-registered -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  a ServiceTemplateVersion is registered. Use this after in-
       voking CreateServiceTemplateVersion It will poll every 2 seconds  until
       a  successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return code
       of 255 after 150 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            service-template-version-registered
          --major-version <value>
          --minor-version <value>
          --template-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --major-version (string)
          To view service template major version detail  data,  include  major
          Version .

       --minor-version (string)
          To  view  service  template  minor  version detail data, include mi-
          norVersion .

       --template-name (string)
          The name of the service template.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         SERVICE-TEMPLATE-VERSION-REGISTERED()
