LIST-DATABASES()                                              LIST-DATABASES()



NAME
       list-databases -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of your Timestream databases. Service quotas apply . See
       code sample for details.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-databases
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          The pagination token. To resume pagination,  provide  the  NextToken
          value as argument of a subsequent API invocation.

       --max-results (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the output. If the total num-
          ber of items available is more than the value specified, a NextToken
          is provided in the output. To resume pagination, provide the NextTo-
          ken value as argument of a subsequent API invocation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Databases -> (list)
          A list of database names.

          (structure)
              A top level container for a table. Databases and tables are  the
              fundamental management concepts in Amazon Timestream. All tables
              in a database are encrypted with the same KMS key.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name that uniquely identifies this  data-
                 base.

              DatabaseName -> (string)
                 The name of the Timestream database.

              TableCount -> (long)
                 The  total  number  of tables found within a Timestream data-
                 base.

              KmsKeyId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the KMS key used to encrypt the data stored
                 in the database.

              CreationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  time  when the database was created, calculated from the
                 Unix epoch time.

              LastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The last time that this database was updated.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token. This parameter is returned when  the  response
          is truncated.



                                                              LIST-DATABASES()
