TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associate  a set of tags with a Timestream resource. You can then acti-
       vate these user-defined tags so that they appear  on  the  Billing  and
       Cost Management console for cost allocation tracking.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          Identifies  the  Timestream  resource to which tags should be added.
          This value is an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       --tags (list)
          The tags to be assigned to the Timestream resource.

          (structure)
              A tag is a label that you assign to a Timestream database and/or
              table. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of
              which you define. Tags enable you to categorize databases and/or
              tables, for example, by purpose, owner, or environment.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag. Tag keys are case sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value  of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive and can
                 be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
