DELETE-REALTIME-ENDPOINT()                          DELETE-REALTIME-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-realtime-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a real time endpoint of an MLModel .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-realtime-endpoint
          --ml-model-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ml-model-id (string)
          The ID assigned to the MLModel during creation.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MLModelId -> (string)
          A user-supplied ID that uniquely identifies the MLModel . This value
          should be identical to the value of the MLModelId in the request.

       RealtimeEndpointInfo -> (structure)
          The endpoint information of the MLModel

          PeakRequestsPerSecond -> (integer)
              The  maximum  processing  rate  for  the  real-time endpoint for
              MLModel , measured in incoming requests per second.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time that the request to create the real-time  endpoint  for
              the MLModel was received. The time is expressed in epoch time.

          EndpointUrl -> (string)
              The  URI  that  specifies where to send real-time prediction re-
              quests for the MLModel .
                 Note: The application must wait until the real-time  endpoint
                 is ready before using this URI.

          EndpointStatus -> (string)
              The  current  status of the real-time endpoint for the MLModel .
              This element can have one of the following values:

              o NONE - Endpoint does not exist or was previously deleted.

              o READY - Endpoint is ready to be  used  for  real-time  predic-
                tions.

              o UPDATING - Updating/creating the endpoint.



                                                    DELETE-REALTIME-ENDPOINT()
