DELETE-TAGS()                                                    DELETE-TAGS()



NAME
       delete-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified tags associated with an ML object. After this op-
       eration is complete, you can't recover deleted tags.

       If you specify a tag that doesn't exist, Amazon ML ignores it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tags
          --tag-keys <value>
          --resource-id <value>
          --resource-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tag-keys (list)
          One or more tags to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the tagged ML object. For example, exampleModelId .

       --resource-type (string)
          The type of the tagged ML object.

          Possible values:

          o BatchPrediction

          o DataSource

          o Evaluation

          o MLModel

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceId -> (string)
          The ID of the ML object from which tags were deleted.

       ResourceType -> (string)
          The type of the ML object from which tags were deleted.



                                                                 DELETE-TAGS()
