DELETE-EVALUATION()                                        DELETE-EVALUATION()



NAME
       delete-evaluation -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns the DELETED status to an Evaluation , rendering it unusable.

       After invoking the DeleteEvaluation operation, you can use the GetEval-
       uation operation to verify that the status of the Evaluation changed to
       DELETED .
          Caution:  The  results  of  the DeleteEvaluation operation are irre-
          versible.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-evaluation
          --evaluation-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --evaluation-id (string)
          A user-supplied  ID  that  uniquely  identifies  the  Evaluation  to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EvaluationId -> (string)
          A  user-supplied  ID  that uniquely identifies the Evaluation . This
          value should be identical to the value of the  EvaluationId  in  the
          request.



                                                           DELETE-EVALUATION()
