UPDATE-EVALUATION()                                        UPDATE-EVALUATION()



NAME
       update-evaluation -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the EvaluationName of an Evaluation .

       You can use the GetEvaluation operation to view the contents of the up-
       dated data element.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-evaluation
          --evaluation-id <value>
          --evaluation-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --evaluation-id (string)
          The ID assigned to the Evaluation during creation.

       --evaluation-name (string)
          A new user-supplied name or description of the Evaluation that  will
          replace the current content.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EvaluationId -> (string)
          The ID assigned to the Evaluation during creation. This value should
          be identical to the value of the Evaluation in the request.



                                                           UPDATE-EVALUATION()
