UPDATE-ML-MODEL()                                            UPDATE-ML-MODEL()



NAME
       update-ml-model -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the MLModelName and the ScoreThreshold of an MLModel .

       You  can  use  the GetMLModel operation to view the contents of the up-
       dated data element.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-ml-model
          --ml-model-id <value>
          [--ml-model-name <value>]
          [--score-threshold <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ml-model-id (string)
          The ID assigned to the MLModel during creation.

       --ml-model-name (string)
          A user-supplied name or description of the MLModel .

       --score-threshold (float)
          The ScoreThreshold used in binary classification MLModel that  marks
          the  boundary  between  a positive prediction and a negative predic-
          tion.

          Output values greater than or equal to the ScoreThreshold receive  a
          positive result from the MLModel , such as true . Output values less
          than the ScoreThreshold receive a negative response from the MLModel
          , such as false .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MLModelId -> (string)
          The ID assigned to the MLModel during creation. This value should be
          identical to the value of the MLModelID in the request.



                                                             UPDATE-ML-MODEL()
