GET-SESSION()                                                    GET-SESSION()



NAME
       get-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns session information for a specified bot, alias, and user.

       For example, you can use this operation to retrieve session information
       for a user that has left a long-running session in use.

       If the bot, alias, or session identifier doesn't exist, Amazon  Lex  V2
       returns  a  BadRequestException . If the locale doesn't exist or is not
       enabled for the alias, you receive a BadRequestException .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-session
          --bot-id <value>
          --bot-alias-id <value>
          --locale-id <value>
          --session-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The identifier of the bot that contains the session data.

       --bot-alias-id (string)
          The alias identifier in use for the bot that  contains  the  session
          data.

       --locale-id (string)
          The locale where the session is in use.

       --session-id (string)
          The identifier of the session to return.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       sessionId -> (string)
          The identifier of the returned session.

       messages -> (list)
          A list of messages that were last sent to the user. The messages are
          ordered based on the order that your returned the messages from your
          Lambda function or the order that messages are defined in the bot.

          (structure)
              Container for text that is returned to the customer..

              content -> (string)
                 The text of the message.

              contentType -> (string)
                 Indicates the type of response.

              imageResponseCard -> (structure)
                 A card that is shown to the user by a messaging platform. You
                 define the contents of the card, the card is displayed by the
                 platform.

                 When you use a response card, the response from the  user  is
                 constrained to the text associated with a button on the card.

                 title -> (string)
                     The  title to display on the response card. The format of
                     the title is determined by the  platform  displaying  the
                     response card.

                 subtitle -> (string)
                     The  subtitle to display on the response card. The format
                     of the subtitle is determined by the platform  displaying
                     the response card.

                 imageUrl -> (string)
                     The  URL of an image to display on the response card. The
                     image URL must be publicly available so that the platform
                     displaying the response card has access to the image.

                 buttons -> (list)
                     A  list  of  buttons  that should be displayed on the re-
                     sponse card. The arrangement of the buttons is determined
                     by the platform that displays the button.

                     (structure)
                        A  button  that appears on a response card show to the
                        user.

                        text -> (string)
                            The text that is displayed on the button.

                        value -> (string)
                            The value returned to Amazon Lex V2  when  a  user
                            chooses the button.

       interpretations -> (list)
          A  list  of  intents that Amazon Lex V2 determined might satisfy the
          user's utterance.

          Each interpretation includes the intent, a score that indicates  how
          confident  Amazon  Lex  V2 is that the interpretation is the correct
          one, and an optional sentiment response that indicates the sentiment
          expressed in the utterance.

          (structure)
              An intent that Amazon Lex V2 determined might satisfy the user's
              utterance. The intents are ordered by the confidence score.

              nluConfidence -> (structure)
                 Determines the threshold where Amazon Lex V2 will insert  the
                 AMAZON.FallbackIntent  ,  AMAZON.KendraSearchIntent , or both
                 when  returning  alternative  intents  in  a  response.  AMA-
                 ZON.FallbackIntent and AMAZON.KendraSearchIntent are only in-
                 serted if they are configured for the bot.

                 score -> (double)
                     A score that indicates how confident  Amazon  Lex  V2  is
                     that  an  intent  satisfies the user's intent. Ranges be-
                     tween 0.00 and 1.00. Higher scores indicate higher confi-
                     dence.

              sentimentResponse -> (structure)
                 The sentiment expressed in an utterance.

                 When  the bot is configured to send utterances to Amazon Com-
                 prehend for sentiment analysis, this field contains  the  re-
                 sult of the analysis.

                 sentiment -> (string)
                     The  overall  sentiment expressed in the user's response.
                     This is the sentiment most likely expressed by  the  user
                     based on the analysis by Amazon Comprehend.

                 sentimentScore -> (structure)
                     The individual sentiment responses for the utterance.

                     positive -> (double)
                        The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in
                        the accuracy of its detection of the  POSITIVE  senti-
                        ment.

                     negative -> (double)
                        The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in
                        the accuracy of its detection of the  NEGATIVE  senti-
                        ment.

                     neutral -> (double)
                        The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in
                        the accuracy of its detection of  the  NEUTRAL  senti-
                        ment.

                     mixed -> (double)
                        The  level of confidence that Amazon Comprehend has in
                        the accuracy of its detection of the MIXED sentiment.

              intent -> (structure)
                 A list of intents that might satisfy  the  user's  utterance.
                 The intents are ordered by the confidence score.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the intent.

                 slots -> (map)
                     A map of all of the slots for the intent. The name of the
                     slot maps to the value of the slot. If  a  slot  has  not
                     been filled, the value is null.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        A value that Amazon Lex V2 uses to fulfill an intent.

                        value -> (structure)
                            The current value of the slot.

                            originalValue -> (string)
                               The  text  of  the utterance from the user that
                               was entered for the slot.

                            interpretedValue -> (string)
                               The value that Amazon Lex V2 determines for the
                               slot.  The  actual value depends on the setting
                               of the value selection strategy  for  the  bot.
                               You  can choose to use the value entered by the
                               user, or you can have Amazon Lex V2 choose  the
                               first value in the resolvedValues list.

                            resolvedValues -> (list)
                               A list of additional values that have been rec-
                               ognized for the slot.

                               (string)

                        shape -> (string)
                            When the shape value is List , it  indicates  that
                            the  values  field contains a list of slot values.
                            When the value is Scalar , it indicates  that  the
                            value field contains a single value.

                        values -> (list)
                            A  list  of  one or more values that the user pro-
                            vided for the slot. For example, if a for  a  slot
                            that  elicits  pizza toppings, the values might be
                            "pepperoni" and "pineapple."

                            (structure)
                               A value that Amazon Lex V2 uses to  fulfill  an
                               intent.

                               value -> (structure)
                                   The current value of the slot.

                                   originalValue -> (string)
                                      The  text of the utterance from the user
                                      that was entered for the slot.

                                   interpretedValue -> (string)
                                      The value that Amazon Lex V2  determines
                                      for  the  slot. The actual value depends
                                      on the setting of  the  value  selection
                                      strategy  for the bot. You can choose to
                                      use the value entered by  the  user,  or
                                      you  can  have  Amazon Lex V2 choose the
                                      first value in the resolvedValues list.

                                   resolvedValues -> (list)
                                      A list of additional  values  that  have
                                      been recognized for the slot.

                                      (string)

                               shape -> (string)
                                   When the shape value is List , it indicates
                                   that the values field contains  a  list  of
                                   slot  values. When the value is Scalar , it
                                   indicates that the value field  contains  a
                                   single value.

                               values -> (list)
                                   A  list of one or more values that the user
                                   provided for the slot. For  example,  if  a
                                   for a slot that elicits pizza toppings, the
                                   values might be  "pepperoni"  and  "pineap-
                                   ple."

                                   ( ... recursive ... )

                 state -> (string)
                     Contains fulfillment information for the intent.

                 confirmationState -> (string)
                     Contains information about whether fulfillment of the in-
                     tent has been confirmed.

       sessionState -> (structure)
          Represents the current state of the dialog between the user and  the
          bot.

          You  can  use this to determine the progress of the conversation and
          what the next action might be.

          dialogAction -> (structure)
              The next step that Amazon Lex V2 should take in the conversation
              with a user.

              type -> (string)
                 The  next  action that the bot should take in its interaction
                 with the user. The possible values are:

                 o Close - Indicates that there will not be  a  response  from
                   the  user.  For example, the statement "Your order has been
                   placed" does not require a response.

                 o ConfirmIntent - The next action is asking the user  if  the
                   intent  is  complete  and  ready to be fulfilled. This is a
                   yes/no question such as "Place the order?"

                 o Delegate - The next action is determined by Amazon Lex V2.

                 o ElicitSlot - The next action is to elicit a slot value from
                   the user.

              slotToElicit -> (string)
                 The name of the slot that should be elicited from the user.

              slotElicitationStyle -> (string)
                 Configures  the  slot to use spell-by-letter or spell-by-word
                 style. When you use a style on a slot, users  can  spell  out
                 their input to make it clear to your bot.

                 o Spell by letter - "b" "o" "b"

                 o Spell by word - "b as in boy" "o as in oscar" "b as in boy"

                 For more information, see Using spelling to enter slot values
                 .

          intent -> (structure)
              The active intent that Amazon Lex V2 is processing.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the intent.

              slots -> (map)
                 A map of all of the slots for the intent.  The  name  of  the
                 slot  maps  to  the value of the slot. If a slot has not been
                 filled, the value is null.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (structure)
                     A value that Amazon Lex V2 uses to fulfill an intent.

                     value -> (structure)
                        The current value of the slot.

                        originalValue -> (string)
                            The text of the utterance from the user  that  was
                            entered for the slot.

                        interpretedValue -> (string)
                            The  value  that  Amazon Lex V2 determines for the
                            slot. The actual value depends on the  setting  of
                            the  value selection strategy for the bot. You can
                            choose to use the value entered by  the  user,  or
                            you  can have Amazon Lex V2 choose the first value
                            in the resolvedValues list.

                        resolvedValues -> (list)
                            A list of additional values that have been  recog-
                            nized for the slot.

                            (string)

                     shape -> (string)
                        When  the  shape value is List , it indicates that the
                        values field contains a list of slot values. When  the
                        value  is  Scalar  , it indicates that the value field
                        contains a single value.

                     values -> (list)
                        A list of one or more values that  the  user  provided
                        for  the slot. For example, if a for a slot that elic-
                        its pizza toppings, the values  might  be  "pepperoni"
                        and "pineapple."

                        (structure)
                            A  value that Amazon Lex V2 uses to fulfill an in-
                            tent.

                            value -> (structure)
                               The current value of the slot.

                               originalValue -> (string)
                                   The text of the  utterance  from  the  user
                                   that was entered for the slot.

                               interpretedValue -> (string)
                                   The value that Amazon Lex V2 determines for
                                   the slot. The actual value depends  on  the
                                   setting of the value selection strategy for
                                   the bot. You can choose to  use  the  value
                                   entered by the user, or you can have Amazon
                                   Lex V2 choose the first value  in  the  re-
                                   solvedValues list.

                               resolvedValues -> (list)
                                   A  list of additional values that have been
                                   recognized for the slot.

                                   (string)

                            shape -> (string)
                               When the shape value is  List  ,  it  indicates
                               that  the  values field contains a list of slot
                               values. When the value is Scalar , it indicates
                               that the value field contains a single value.

                            values -> (list)
                               A list of one or more values that the user pro-
                               vided for the slot. For example,  if  a  for  a
                               slot  that  elicits  pizza toppings, the values
                               might be "pepperoni" and "pineapple."

                               ( ... recursive ... )

              state -> (string)
                 Contains fulfillment information for the intent.

              confirmationState -> (string)
                 Contains information about whether fulfillment of the  intent
                 has been confirmed.

          activeContexts -> (list)
              One  or more contexts that indicate to Amazon Lex V2 the context
              of a request. When a context is active, Amazon Lex V2  considers
              intents  with  the matching context as a trigger as the next in-
              tent in a session.

              (structure)
                 Contains information about the contexts that a user is  using
                 in  a  session. You can configure Amazon Lex V2 to set a con-
                 text when an intent is fulfilled, or you can  set  a  context
                 using the , , or operations.

                 Use  a  context  to  indicate  to  Amazon Lex V2 intents that
                 should be used as follow-up intents. For example, if the  ac-
                 tive  context is order-fulfilled , only intents that have or-
                 der-fulfilled configured as a trigger are considered for fol-
                 low up.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the context.

                 timeToLive -> (structure)
                     Indicates the number of turns or seconds that the context
                     is active. Once the time to live expires, the context  is
                     no longer returned in a response.

                     timeToLiveInSeconds -> (integer)
                        The  number of seconds that the context is active. You
                        can specify between 5 and 86400 seconds (24 hours).

                     turnsToLive -> (integer)
                        The number of turns that the context  is  active.  You
                        can  specify up to 20 turns. Each request and response
                        from the bot is a turn.

                 contextAttributes -> (map)
                     A list of contexts active for the request. A context  can
                     be  activated  when a previous intent is fulfilled, or by
                     including the context in the request.

                     If you don't specify a list of contexts,  Amazon  Lex  V2
                     will use the current list of contexts for the session. If
                     you specify an empty list, all contexts for  the  session
                     are cleared.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

          sessionAttributes -> (map)
              Map of key/value pairs representing session-specific context in-
              formation. It contains application  information  passed  between
              Amazon Lex V2 and a client application.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          originatingRequestId -> (string)
              A unique identifier for a specific request.

          runtimeHints -> (structure)
              Hints  for  phrases that a customer is likely to use for a slot.
              Amazon Lex V2 uses the hints to help determine the correct value
              of a slot.

              slotHints -> (map)
                 A  list  of  the slots in the intent that should have runtime
                 hints added, and the phrases that should be  added  for  each
                 slot.

                 The  first  level of the slotHints map is the name of the in-
                 tent. The second level is the name of the slot within the in-
                 tent.  For more information, see Using hints to improve accu-
                 racy .

                 The intent name and slot name must exist.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (map)
                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (structure)
                        Provides an array of  phrases  that  should  be  given
                        preference when resolving values for a slot.

                        runtimeHintValues -> (list)
                            One or more strings that Amazon Lex V2 should look
                            for in the input to the bot. Each phrase is  given
                            preference when deciding on slot values.

                            (structure)
                               Provides  the  phrase that Amazon Lex V2 should
                               look for in the user's input to the bot.

                               phrase -> (string)
                                   The phrase that Amazon Lex V2  should  look
                                   for in the user's input to the bot.



                                                                 GET-SESSION()
