NOTIFY-RECOMMENDATIONS-RECEIVED()            NOTIFY-RECOMMENDATIONS-RECEIVED()



NAME
       notify-recommendations-received -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified  recommendations from the specified assistant's
       queue of newly available recommendations. You can use this API in  con-
       junction  with  GetRecommendations  and  a  waitTimeSeconds  input  for
       long-polling behavior and avoiding duplicate recommendations.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            notify-recommendations-received
          --assistant-id <value>
          --recommendation-ids <value>
          --session-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assistant-id (string)
          The identifier of the Wisdom assistant. Can be either the ID or  the
          ARN. URLs cannot contain the ARN.

       --recommendation-ids (list)
          The identifiers of the recommendations.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --session-id (string)
          The identifier of the session. Can be either the ID or the ARN. URLs
          cannot contain the ARN.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       errors -> (list)
          The identifiers of recommendations that are causing errors.

          (structure)
              An error occurred when creating a recommendation.

              message -> (string)
                 A recommendation is causing an error.

              recommendationId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the recommendation that is in error.

       recommendationIds -> (list)
          The identifiers of the recommendations.

          (string)



                                             NOTIFY-RECOMMENDATIONS-RECEIVED()
