START-CONTENT-UPLOAD()                                  START-CONTENT-UPLOAD()



NAME
       start-content-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  a  URL  to  upload content to a knowledge base. To upload content,
       first make a PUT request to the returned URL  with  your  file,  making
       sure  to include the required headers. Then use CreateContent to final-
       ize the content creation process or UpdateContent to modify an existing
       resource.  You can only upload content to a knowledge base of type CUS-
       TOM.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-content-upload
          --content-type <value>
          --knowledge-base-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --content-type (string)
          The type of content to upload.

       --knowledge-base-id (string)
          The the identifier of the knowledge base. Can be either  the  ID  or
          the ARN. URLs cannot contain the ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       headersToInclude -> (map)
          The headers to include in the upload.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       uploadId -> (string)
          The identifier of the upload.

       url -> (string)
          The URL of the upload.

       urlExpiry -> (timestamp)
          The expiration time of the URL as an epoch timestamp.



                                                        START-CONTENT-UPLOAD()
