DELETE-CUSTOM-ACTION-TYPE()                        DELETE-CUSTOM-ACTION-TYPE()



NAME
       delete-custom-action-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Marks  a  custom  action  as deleted. PollForJobs for the custom action
       fails after the action is marked for deletion. Used for custom  actions
       only.

       WARNING:
          To  re-create a custom action after it has been deleted you must use
          a string in the version field that has never been used before.  This
          string can be an incremented version number, for example. To restore
          a deleted custom action, use a JSON file that is  identical  to  the
          deleted action, including the original string in the version field.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-custom-action-type
          --category <value>
          --provider <value>
          --action-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --category (string)
          The  category  of the custom action that you want to delete, such as
          source or deploy.

          Possible values:

          o Source

          o Build

          o Deploy

          o Test

          o Invoke

          o Approval

       --provider (string)
          The provider of the service used in the custom action, such  as  AWS
          CodeDeploy.

       --action-version (string)
          The version of the custom action to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom action

       This  example  deletes  a custom action in AWS CodePipeline by using an
       already-created JSON file (here named  DeleteMyCustomAction.json)  that
       contains  the action type, provider name, and version number of the ac-
       tion to be deleted. Use the list-action-types command to view the  cor-
       rect values for category, version, and provider.

       Command:

          aws codepipeline delete-custom-action-type --cli-input-json file://DeleteMyCustomAction.json

       JSON file sample contents:

          {
            "category": "Build",
            "version": "1",
            "provider": "MyJenkinsProviderName"
          }

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-CUSTOM-ACTION-TYPE()
