DELETE-WEBHOOK()                                              DELETE-WEBHOOK()



NAME
       delete-webhook -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  previously  created  webhook  by name. Deleting the webhook
       stops AWS CodePipeline from starting a pipeline every time an  external
       event occurs. The API returns successfully when trying to delete a web-
       hook that is already deleted. If a deleted  webhook  is  re-created  by
       calling PutWebhook with the same name, it will have a different URL.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-webhook
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the webhook you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a webhook

       The  following  delete-webhook  example  deletes a webhook for a GitHub
       version  1  source   action.   You   must   use   the   deregister-web-
       hook-with-third-party  command  to  deregister  the  webhook before you
       delete it.

          aws codepipeline delete-webhook \
              --name my-webhook

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Delete the webhook for your GitHub source  in
       the AWS CodePipeline User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-WEBHOOK()
