DISABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()                          DISABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()



NAME
       disable-stage-transition -

DESCRIPTION
       Prevents  artifacts  in a pipeline from transitioning to the next stage
       in the pipeline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-stage-transition
          --pipeline-name <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          --transition-type <value>
          --reason <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-name (string)
          The name of the pipeline in which you want to disable  the  flow  of
          artifacts from one stage to another.

       --stage-name (string)
          The  name of the stage where you want to disable the inbound or out-
          bound transition of artifacts.

       --transition-type (string)
          Specifies whether artifacts are prevented  from  transitioning  into
          the  stage  and  being  processed  by the actions in that stage (in-
          bound), or prevented from transitioning from the  stage  after  they
          have been processed by the actions in that stage (outbound).

          Possible values:

          o Inbound

          o Outbound

       --reason (string)
          The reason given to the user that a stage is disabled, such as wait-
          ing for manual approval or manual tests. This message  is  displayed
          in the pipeline console UI.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disable a transition to a stage in a pipeline

       This  example  disables transitions into the Beta stage of the MyFirst-
       Pipeline pipeline in AWS CodePipeline.

       Command:

          aws codepipeline disable-stage-transition --pipeline-name MyFirstPipeline --stage-name Beta  --transition-type Inbound

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DISABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()
