ENABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()                            ENABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()



NAME
       enable-stage-transition -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables artifacts in a pipeline to transition to a stage in a pipeline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-stage-transition
          --pipeline-name <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          --transition-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-name (string)
          The name of the pipeline in which you want to enable the flow of ar-
          tifacts from one stage to another.

       --stage-name (string)
          The name of the stage where you want to enable the transition of ar-
          tifacts,  either  into the stage (inbound) or from that stage to the
          next stage (outbound).

       --transition-type (string)
          Specifies whether artifacts are allowed to enter the  stage  and  be
          processed  by the actions in that stage (inbound) or whether already
          processed artifacts are allowed to  transition  to  the  next  stage
          (outbound).

          Possible values:

          o Inbound

          o Outbound

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable a transition to a stage in a pipeline

       This  example  enables  transitions into the Beta stage of the MyFirst-
       Pipeline pipeline in AWS CodePipeline.

       Command:

          aws codepipeline enable-stage-transition --pipeline-name MyFirstPipeline --stage-name Beta  --transition-type Inbound

       Output:

          None.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     ENABLE-STAGE-TRANSITION()
