RETRY-STAGE-EXECUTION()                                RETRY-STAGE-EXECUTION()



NAME
       retry-stage-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Resumes the pipeline execution by retrying the last failed actions in a
       stage. You can retry a stage immediately if any of the actions  in  the
       stage fail. When you retry, all actions that are still in progress con-
       tinue working, and failed actions are triggered again.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            retry-stage-execution
          --pipeline-name <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          --pipeline-execution-id <value>
          --retry-mode <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-name (string)
          The name of the pipeline that contains the failed stage.

       --stage-name (string)
          The name of the failed stage to be retried.

       --pipeline-execution-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline execution in the failed stage to be  retried.
          Use the  GetPipelineState action to retrieve the current pipelineEx-
          ecutionId of the failed stage

       --retry-mode (string)
          The scope of the retry attempt. Currently, the only supported  value
          is FAILED_ACTIONS.

          Possible values:

          o FAILED_ACTIONS

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retry a failed action

       The  following retry-stage-execution example retries a stage that has a
       failed action.

          aws codepipeline retry-stage-execution \
              --pipeline-name MyPipeline \
              --stage-name Deploy \
              --pipeline-execution-id b59babff-5f34-EXAMPLE \
              --retry-mode FAILED_ACTIONS

       Output:

          {
              "pipelineExecutionId": "b59babff-5f34-EXAMPLE"
          }

       For more information, see Retry failed actions (CLI) in the  AWS  Code-
       Pipeline User Guide.

OUTPUT
       pipelineExecutionId -> (string)
          The ID of the current workflow execution in the failed stage.



                                                       RETRY-STAGE-EXECUTION()
