STOP-PIPELINE-EXECUTION()                            STOP-PIPELINE-EXECUTION()



NAME
       stop-pipeline-execution -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  the  specified pipeline execution. You choose to either stop the
       pipeline execution by completing in-progress actions  without  starting
       subsequent  actions,  or  by abandoning in-progress actions. While com-
       pleting or abandoning in-progress actions, the pipeline execution is in
       a  Stopping state. After all in-progress actions are completed or aban-
       doned, the pipeline execution is in a Stopped state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-pipeline-execution
          --pipeline-name <value>
          --pipeline-execution-id <value>
          [--abandon | --no-abandon]
          [--reason <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-name (string)
          The name of the pipeline to stop.

       --pipeline-execution-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline execution to be stopped in the current stage.
          Use the GetPipelineState action to retrieve the current pipelineExe-
          cutionId.

       --abandon | --no-abandon (boolean)
          Use this option to stop the pipeline execution by abandoning, rather
          than finishing, in-progress actions.

          NOTE:
              This option can lead to failed or out-of-sequence tasks.

       --reason (string)
          Use  this  option to enter comments, such as the reason the pipeline
          was stopped.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop a pipeline execution

       The following stop-pipeline-execution example defaults to waiting until
       in-progress  actions  finish,  and  then stops the pipeline. You cannot
       choose to stop and wait if the  execution  is  already  in  a  Stopping
       state.  You can choose to stop and abandon an execution that is already
       in a Stopping state.

          aws codepipeline stop-pipeline-execution \
              --pipeline-name MyFirstPipeline \
              --pipeline-execution-id d-EXAMPLE \
              --reason "Stopping pipeline after the build action is done"

       This command returns no output.

       For more information, see Stop a pipeline execution (CLI)  in  the  AWS
       CodePipeline User Guide.

OUTPUT
       pipelineExecutionId -> (string)
          The  unique  system-generated  ID of the pipeline execution that was
          stopped.



                                                     STOP-PIPELINE-EXECUTION()
