UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes tags from an AWS resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to remove tags from.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The list of keys for the tags to be removed from the resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove AWS tags from a connections resource

       The following untag-resource example removes a tag from  the  specified
       resource.

          aws codepipeline untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:codepipeline:us-east-1:123456789012:MyPipeline \
              --tag-keys Project IscontainerBased

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Remove tags from a pipeline (CLI) in the AWS
       CodePipeline User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
