LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()                                LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()



NAME
       list-routing-controls -

DESCRIPTION
       List routing control names and Amazon Resource Names (ARNs), as well as
       the routing control state for each routing control, along with the con-
       trol  panel name and control panel ARN for the routing controls. If you
       specify a control panel ARN, this call lists the  routing  controls  in
       the  control panel. Otherwise, it lists all the routing controls in the
       cluster.

       A routing control is a simple on/off switch in Route 53  ARC  that  you
       can  use to route traffic to cells. When a routing control state is On,
       traffic flows to a cell. When the state is Off, traffic does not flow.

       Before you can create a routing control, you must first create a  clus-
       ter,  and  then host the control in a control panel on the cluster. For
       more information, see Create routing control structures in  the  Amazon
       Route  53  Application  Recovery Controller Developer Guide. You access
       one of the endpoints for the cluster to get or update the routing  con-
       trol state to redirect traffic for your application.
          You  must  specify Regional endpoints when you work with API cluster
          operations to use this API operation to  list  routing  controls  in
          Route 53 ARC.

       Learn  more about working with routing controls in the following topics
       in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide:

       o Viewing and updating routing control states

       o Working with routing controls in Route 53 ARC

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-routing-controls is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: RoutingControls

SYNOPSIS
            list-routing-controls
          [--control-panel-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --control-panel-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel of the routing
          controls to list.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RoutingControls -> (list)
          The list of routing controls.

          (structure)
              A routing control, which is a simple on/off switch that you  can
              use  to  route traffic to cells. When a routing control state is
              On, traffic flows to a cell. When the state is Off, traffic does
              not flow.

              ControlPanelArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control panel where the
                 routing control is located.

              ControlPanelName -> (string)
                 The name of the control panel where the  routing  control  is
                 located.

              RoutingControlArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing control.

              RoutingControlName -> (string)
                 The name of the routing control.

              RoutingControlState -> (string)
                 The current state of the routing control. When a routing con-
                 trol state is On, traffic flows to a cell. When the state  is
                 Off, traffic does not flow.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results. You receive this token from a
          previous call.



                                                       LIST-ROUTING-CONTROLS()
