UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATES()                UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATES()



NAME
       update-routing-control-states -

DESCRIPTION
       Set  multiple  routing  control  states. You can set the value for each
       state to be On or Off. When the state is On, traffic flows to  a  cell.
       When it's Off, traffic does not flow.

       With  Application  Recovery  Controller,  you  can add safety rules for
       routing controls, which are safeguards for routing  control  state  up-
       dates  that  help  prevent  unexpected outcomes, like fail open traffic
       routing. However, there are scenarios when you might want to bypass the
       routing  control  safeguards  that  are enforced with safety rules that
       you've configured. For example, you might want to fail over quickly for
       disaster  recovery,  and one or more safety rules might be unexpectedly
       preventing you from updating a routing control state to  reroute  traf-
       fic.  In  a  "break  glass" scenario like this, you can override one or
       more safety rules to change a routing control state and fail over  your
       application.

       The  SafetyRulesToOverride  property  enables  you override one or more
       safety rules and update routing control states. For  more  information,
       see Override safety rules to reroute traffic in the Amazon Route 53 Ap-
       plication Recovery Controller Developer Guide.
          You must specify Regional endpoints when you work with  API  cluster
          operations  to  get  or update routing control states in Application
          Recovery Controller.

       To see a code example for getting a routing  control  state,  including
       accessing  Regional  cluster endpoints in sequence, see API examples in
       the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

       o Viewing and updating routing control states

       o Working with routing controls overall

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-routing-control-states
          --update-routing-control-state-entries <value>
          [--safety-rules-to-override <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --update-routing-control-state-entries (list)
          A set of routing control entries that you want to update.

          (structure)
              A routing control state entry.

              RoutingControlArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) for a routing control  state
                 entry.

              RoutingControlState -> (string)
                 The  routing  control state in a set of routing control state
                 entries.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          RoutingControlArn=string,RoutingControlState=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "RoutingControlArn": "string",
              "RoutingControlState": "On"|"Off"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --safety-rules-to-override (list)
          The Amazon Resource Numbers (ARNs) for the  safety  rules  that  you
          want  to  override  when you're updating routing control states. You
          can override one safety rule or multiple safety rules  by  including
          one or more ARNs, separated by commas.

          For  more  information, see Override safety rules to reroute traffic
          in the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery  Controller  Developer
          Guide.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UPDATE-ROUTING-CONTROL-STATES()
