GET-RETAINED-MESSAGE()                                  GET-RETAINED-MESSAGE()



NAME
       get-retained-message -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the details of a single retained message for the specified topic.

       This  action returns the message payload of the retained message, which
       can incur messaging costs. To list only the topic names of the retained
       messages, call ListRetainedMessages .

       Requires permission to access the GetRetainedMessage action.

       For more information about messaging costs, see IoT Core pricing - Mes-
       saging .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       NOTE:
          The default endpoint data.iot.[region].amazonaws.com is intended for
          testing  purposes  only.  For  production code it is strongly recom-
          mended to use the custom endpoint for your account  (retrievable via
          the  iot  describe-endpoint command) to ensure best availability and
          reachability of the service.

SYNOPSIS
            get-retained-message
          --topic <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --topic (string)
          The topic name of the retained message to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       topic -> (string)
          The topic name to which the retained message was published.

       payload -> (blob)
          The Base64-encoded message payload of the retained message body.

       qos -> (integer)
          The quality of service (QoS) level used to publish the retained mes-
          sage.

       lastModifiedTime -> (long)
          The  Epoch date and time, in milliseconds, when the retained message
          was stored by IoT.



                                                        GET-RETAINED-MESSAGE()
