LIST-RETAINED-MESSAGES()                              LIST-RETAINED-MESSAGES()



NAME
       list-retained-messages -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  summary  information  about the retained messages stored for the
       account.

       This action returns only the topic names of the retained  messages.  It
       doesn't  return  any message payloads. Although this action doesn't re-
       turn a message payload, it can still incur messaging costs.

       To  get   the   message   payload   of   a   retained   message,   call
       GetRetainedMessage with the topic name of the retained message.

       Requires permission to access the ListRetainedMessages action.

       For more information about messaging costs, see IoT Core pricing - Mes-
       saging .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       NOTE:
          The default endpoint data.iot.[region].amazonaws.com is intended for
          testing  purposes  only.  For  production code it is strongly recom-
          mended to use the custom endpoint for your account  (retrievable via
          the  iot  describe-endpoint command) to ensure best availability and
          reachability of the service.

       list-retained-messages is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: retainedTopics

SYNOPSIS
            list-retained-messages
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       retainedTopics -> (list)
          A summary list the account's retained messages. The information  re-
          turned  doesn't  include  the  message payloads of the retained mes-
          sages.

          (structure)
              Information about a single retained message.

              topic -> (string)
                 The topic name to which the retained message was published.

              payloadSize -> (long)
                 The size of the retained message's payload in bytes.

              qos -> (integer)
                 The quality of service (QoS) level used to  publish  the  re-
                 tained message.

              lastModifiedTime -> (long)
                 The  Epoch  date and time, in milliseconds, when the retained
                 message was stored by IoT.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token for the next set of results, or null if there are no addi-
          tional results.



                                                      LIST-RETAINED-MESSAGES()
