CREATE-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()                        CREATE-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-vpce-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  configuration record in Device Farm for your Amazon Virtual
       Private Cloud (VPC) endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-vpce-configuration
          --vpce-configuration-name <value>
          --vpce-service-name <value>
          --service-dns-name <value>
          [--vpce-configuration-description <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vpce-configuration-name (string)
          The friendly name you give to your VPC  endpoint  configuration,  to
          manage your configurations more easily.

       --vpce-service-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  VPC endpoint service running in your AWS account
          that you want Device Farm to test.

       --service-dns-name (string)
          The DNS name of the service running in your VPC that you want Device
          Farm to test.

       --vpce-configuration-description (string)
          An  optional  description  that provides details about your VPC end-
          point configuration.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       vpceConfiguration -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about your VPC endpoint configu-
          ration.

          arn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint configura-
              tion.

          vpceConfigurationName -> (string)
              The friendly name you give to your VPC endpoint configuration to
              manage your configurations more easily.

          vpceServiceName -> (string)
              The name of the VPC endpoint service running in your AWS account
              that you want Device Farm to test.

          serviceDnsName -> (string)
              The DNS name that maps to the private IP address of the  service
              you want to access.

          vpceConfigurationDescription -> (string)
              An  optional  description  that  provides details about your VPC
              endpoint configuration.



                                                   CREATE-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()
