GET-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()                              GET-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-vpce-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the configuration settings for your Amazon
       Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) endpoint.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-vpce-configuration
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint configuration you
          want to describe.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       vpceConfiguration -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about your VPC endpoint configu-
          ration.

          arn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint configura-
              tion.

          vpceConfigurationName -> (string)
              The friendly name you give to your VPC endpoint configuration to
              manage your configurations more easily.

          vpceServiceName -> (string)
              The name of the VPC endpoint service running in your AWS account
              that you want Device Farm to test.

          serviceDnsName -> (string)
              The DNS name that maps to the private IP address of the  service
              you want to access.

          vpceConfigurationDescription -> (string)
              An  optional  description  that  provides details about your VPC
              endpoint configuration.



                                                      GET-VPCE-CONFIGURATION()
