GET-INSTANCE-PROFILE()                                  GET-INSTANCE-PROFILE()



NAME
       get-instance-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about the specified instance profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-instance-profile
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an instance profile.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       instanceProfile -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about an instance profile.

          arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the instance profile.

          packageCleanup -> (boolean)
              When set to true , Device Farm removes app packages after a test
              run. The default value is false for private devices.

          excludeAppPackagesFromCleanup -> (list)
              An array of strings containing the list  of  app  packages  that
              should  not  be cleaned up from the device after a test run com-
              pletes.

              The list of packages is considered  only  if  you  set  package-
              Cleanup to true .

              (string)

          rebootAfterUse -> (boolean)
              When set to true , Device Farm reboots the instance after a test
              run. The default value is true .

          name -> (string)
              The name of the instance profile.

          description -> (string)
              The description of the instance profile.



                                                        GET-INSTANCE-PROFILE()
