LIST-PROJECTS()                                                LIST-PROJECTS()



NAME
       list-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about projects.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-projects  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: projects

SYNOPSIS
            list-projects
          [--arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          Optional. If no Amazon Resource Name (ARN) is  specified,  then  AWS
          Device  Farm returns a list of all projects for the AWS account. You
          can also specify a project ARN.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list projects

       The following retrieves a list of projects:

          aws devicefarm list-projects

       Output:

          {
              "projects": [
                  {
                      "name": "myproject",
                      "arn": "arn:aws:devicefarm:us-west-2:123456789012:project:070fc3ca-7ec1-4741-9c1f-d3e044efc506",
                      "created": 1503612890.057
                  },
                  {
                      "name": "otherproject",
                      "arn": "arn:aws:devicefarm:us-west-2:123456789012:project:a5f5b752-8098-49d1-86bf-5f7682c1c77e",
                      "created": 1505257519.337
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       projects -> (list)
          Information about the projects.

          (structure)
              Represents an operating-system neutral workspace for running and
              managing tests.

              arn -> (string)
                 The project's ARN.

              name -> (string)
                 The project's name.

              defaultJobTimeoutMinutes -> (integer)
                 The  default  number of minutes (at the project level) a test
                 run executes before it times out. The default  value  is  150
                 minutes.

              created -> (timestamp)
                 When the project was created.

       nextToken -> (string)
          If  the  number  of  items that are returned is significantly large,
          this is an identifier that is also returned. It can  be  used  in  a
          subsequent call to this operation to return the next set of items in
          the list.



                                                               LIST-PROJECTS()
