LIST-OFFERINGS()                                              LIST-OFFERINGS()



NAME
       list-offerings -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  products  or  offerings  that the user can manage
       through the API. Each offering record indicates the recurring price per
       unit and the frequency for that offering. The API returns a NotEligible
       error if the user is not permitted to invoke the operation. If you must
       be      able      to      invoke      this      operation,      contact
       aws-devicefarm-support@amazon.com .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-offerings is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: offerings

SYNOPSIS
            list-offerings
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       offerings -> (list)
          A value that represents the list offering results.

          (structure)
              Represents the metadata of a device offering.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID that corresponds to a device offering.

              description -> (string)
                 A string that describes the offering.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of offering (for example, RECURRING ) for a device.

              platform -> (string)
                 The platform of the device (for example, ANDROID or IOS ).

              recurringCharges -> (list)
                 Specifies  whether there are recurring charges for the offer-
                 ing.

                 (structure)
                     Specifies whether charges for devices are recurring.

                     cost -> (structure)
                        The cost of the recurring charge.

                        amount -> (double)
                            The numerical amount of an  offering  or  transac-
                            tion.

                        currencyCode -> (string)
                            The  currency code of a monetary amount. For exam-
                            ple, USD means U.S. dollars.

                     frequency -> (string)
                        The frequency in which charges recur.

       nextToken -> (string)
          An identifier that was returned from the previous call to this oper-
          ation,  which  can  be  used  to return the next set of items in the
          list.



                                                              LIST-OFFERINGS()
