LIST-OFFERING-TRANSACTIONS()                      LIST-OFFERING-TRANSACTIONS()



NAME
       list-offering-transactions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of all historical purchases, renewals, and system re-
       newal transactions for an AWS account. The list is  paginated  and  or-
       dered  by  a descending timestamp (most recent transactions are first).
       The API returns a NotEligible error if the user is not permitted to in-
       voke  the operation. If you must be able to invoke this operation, con-
       tact aws-devicefarm-support@amazon.com .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-offering-transactions is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: offeringTransactions

SYNOPSIS
            list-offering-transactions
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       offeringTransactions -> (list)
          The audit log of  subscriptions  you  have  purchased  and  modified
          through AWS Device Farm.

          (structure)
              Represents the metadata of an offering transaction.

              offeringStatus -> (structure)
                 The status of an offering transaction.

                 type -> (string)
                     The type specified for the offering status.

                 offering -> (structure)
                     Represents the metadata of an offering status.

                     id -> (string)
                        The ID that corresponds to a device offering.

                     description -> (string)
                        A string that describes the offering.

                     type -> (string)
                        The  type  of offering (for example, RECURRING ) for a
                        device.

                     platform -> (string)
                        The platform of the device (for  example,  ANDROID  or
                        IOS ).

                     recurringCharges -> (list)
                        Specifies  whether there are recurring charges for the
                        offering.

                        (structure)
                            Specifies whether charges for devices  are  recur-
                            ring.

                            cost -> (structure)
                               The cost of the recurring charge.

                               amount -> (double)
                                   The  numerical  amount  of  an  offering or
                                   transaction.

                               currencyCode -> (string)
                                   The currency code of a monetary amount. For
                                   example, USD means U.S. dollars.

                            frequency -> (string)
                               The frequency in which charges recur.

                 quantity -> (integer)
                     The number of available devices in the offering.

                 effectiveOn -> (timestamp)
                     The date on which the offering is effective.

              transactionId -> (string)
                 The transaction ID of the offering transaction.

              offeringPromotionId -> (string)
                 The ID that corresponds to a device offering promotion.

              createdOn -> (timestamp)
                 The date on which an offering transaction was created.

              cost -> (structure)
                 The cost of an offering transaction.

                 amount -> (double)
                     The numerical amount of an offering or transaction.

                 currencyCode -> (string)
                     The  currency code of a monetary amount. For example, USD
                     means U.S. dollars.

       nextToken -> (string)
          An identifier that was returned from the previous call to this oper-
          ation,  which  can  be  used  to return the next set of items in the
          list.



                                                  LIST-OFFERING-TRANSACTIONS()
