LIST-OFFERING-PROMOTIONS()                          LIST-OFFERING-PROMOTIONS()



NAME
       list-offering-promotions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list of offering promotions. Each offering promotion record
       contains the ID and description of the promotion.  The  API  returns  a
       NotEligible  error  if the caller is not permitted to invoke the opera-
       tion. Contact aws-devicefarm-support@amazon.com if you must be able  to
       invoke this operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-offering-promotions  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: offeringPromotions

SYNOPSIS
            list-offering-promotions
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       offeringPromotions -> (list)
          Information about the offering promotions.

          (structure)
              Represents information about an offering promotion.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the offering promotion.

              description -> (string)
                 A string that describes the offering promotion.

       nextToken -> (string)
          An  identifier to be used in the next call to this operation, to re-
          turn the next set of items in the list.



                                                    LIST-OFFERING-PROMOTIONS()
