LIST-VPCE-CONFIGURATIONS()                          LIST-VPCE-CONFIGURATIONS()



NAME
       list-vpce-configurations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about all Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) end-
       point configurations in the AWS account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-vpce-configurations is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: vpceConfigurations

SYNOPSIS
            list-vpce-configurations
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       vpceConfigurations -> (list)
          An array of VPCEConfiguration objects that contain information about
          your VPC endpoint configuration.

          (structure)
              Represents an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)  endpoint  con-
              figuration.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint configura-
                 tion.

              vpceConfigurationName -> (string)
                 The friendly name you give to your VPC endpoint configuration
                 to manage your configurations more easily.

              vpceServiceName -> (string)
                 The  name of the VPC endpoint service running in your AWS ac-
                 count that you want Device Farm to test.

              serviceDnsName -> (string)
                 The DNS name that maps to the private IP address of the  ser-
                 vice you want to access.

              vpceConfigurationDescription -> (string)
                 An  optional description that provides details about your VPC
                 endpoint configuration.

       nextToken -> (string)
          An identifier that was returned from the previous call to this oper-
          ation,  which  can  be  used  to return the next set of items in the
          list.



                                                    LIST-VPCE-CONFIGURATIONS()
