LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       List the tags for an AWS Device Farm resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of the resource or resources for
          which to list tags. You can associate tags with the following Device
          Farm resources: PROJECT , RUN , NETWORK_PROFILE , INSTANCE_PROFILE ,
          DEVICE_INSTANCE , SESSION , DEVICE_POOL , DEVICE , and VPCE_CONFIGU-
          RATION .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The  tags  to  add  to  the resource. A tag is an array of key-value
          pairs. Tag keys can have a maximum character length of  128  charac-
          ters. Tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and organize it. Each tag consists of  a  key  and  an  optional
              value,  both  of  which  you define. Tag keys can have a maximum
              character length of 128 characters. Tag values can have a  maxi-
              mum length of 256 characters.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor in a tag category (key).



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
