RENEW-OFFERING()                                              RENEW-OFFERING()



NAME
       renew-offering -

DESCRIPTION
       Explicitly  sets  the  quantity  of  devices  to renew for an offering,
       starting from the effectiveDate of the next period. The API  returns  a
       NotEligible error if the user is not permitted to invoke the operation.
       If   you   must   be   able   to   invoke   this   operation,   contact
       aws-devicefarm-support@amazon.com .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            renew-offering
          --offering-id <value>
          --quantity <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --offering-id (string)
          The ID of a request to renew an offering.

       --quantity (integer)
          The quantity requested in an offering renewal.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       offeringTransaction -> (structure)
          Represents the status of the offering transaction for the renewal.

          offeringStatus -> (structure)
              The status of an offering transaction.

              type -> (string)
                 The type specified for the offering status.

              offering -> (structure)
                 Represents the metadata of an offering status.

                 id -> (string)
                     The ID that corresponds to a device offering.

                 description -> (string)
                     A string that describes the offering.

                 type -> (string)
                     The  type of offering (for example, RECURRING ) for a de-
                     vice.

                 platform -> (string)
                     The platform of the device (for example, ANDROID  or  IOS
                     ).

                 recurringCharges -> (list)
                     Specifies whether there are recurring charges for the of-
                     fering.

                     (structure)
                        Specifies whether charges for devices are recurring.

                        cost -> (structure)
                            The cost of the recurring charge.

                            amount -> (double)
                               The numerical amount of an offering or transac-
                               tion.

                            currencyCode -> (string)
                               The currency code of a monetary amount. For ex-
                               ample, USD means U.S. dollars.

                        frequency -> (string)
                            The frequency in which charges recur.

              quantity -> (integer)
                 The number of available devices in the offering.

              effectiveOn -> (timestamp)
                 The date on which the offering is effective.

          transactionId -> (string)
              The transaction ID of the offering transaction.

          offeringPromotionId -> (string)
              The ID that corresponds to a device offering promotion.

          createdOn -> (timestamp)
              The date on which an offering transaction was created.

          cost -> (structure)
              The cost of an offering transaction.

              amount -> (double)
                 The numerical amount of an offering or transaction.

              currencyCode -> (string)
                 The currency code of a  monetary  amount.  For  example,  USD
                 means U.S. dollars.



                                                              RENEW-OFFERING()
