TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  tags  to  a resource with the specified re-
       sourceArn . If existing tags on a resource are not specified in the re-
       quest parameters, they are not changed. When a resource is deleted, the
       tags associated with that resource are also deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource or resources to which
          to  add  tags. You can associate tags with the following Device Farm
          resources: PROJECT , RUN , NETWORK_PROFILE , INSTANCE_PROFILE ,  DE-
          VICE_INSTANCE , SESSION , DEVICE_POOL , DEVICE , and VPCE_CONFIGURA-
          TION .

       --tags (list)
          The tags to add to the resource. A tag  is  an  array  of  key-value
          pairs.  Tag  keys can have a maximum character length of 128 charac-
          ters. Tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and  organize  it.  Each  tag  consists of a key and an optional
              value, both of which you define. Tag keys  can  have  a  maximum
              character  length of 128 characters. Tag values can have a maxi-
              mum length of 256 characters.

              Key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag. A key is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that makes up a tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor in a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
