DELETE-INCIDENT-RECORD()                              DELETE-INCIDENT-RECORD()



NAME
       delete-incident-record -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete an incident record from Incident Manager.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-incident-record
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the incident record you are delet-
          ing.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an incident record

       The  following delete-incident-record example deletes the specified in-
       cident record.

          aws ssm-incidents delete-incident-record \
              --arn "arn:aws:ssm-incidents::111122223333:incident-record/Example-Response-Plan/6ebcc812-85f5-b7eb-8b2f-283e4d844308"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Incident tracking  in  the  Incident  Manager
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-INCIDENT-RECORD()
