DELETE-TIMELINE-EVENT()                                DELETE-TIMELINE-EVENT()



NAME
       delete-timeline-event -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a timeline event from an incident.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-timeline-event
          --event-id <value>
          --incident-record-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the  event you are updating. You can find this by using
          ListTimelineEvents .

       --incident-record-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  incident  that  includes  the
          timeline event.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a timeline event

       The  following  delete-timeline-event example deletes a custom timeline
       event from the specified incident record.

          aws ssm-incidents delete-timeline-event \
              --event-id "c0bcc885-a41d-eb01-b4ab-9d2de193643c" \
              --incident-record-arn "arn:aws:ssm-incidents::111122223333:incident-record/Example-Response-Plan/6ebcc812-85f5-b7eb-8b2f-283e4d844308"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Incident details in the Incident Manager User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DELETE-TIMELINE-EVENT()
