UPDATE-DELETION-PROTECTION()                      UPDATE-DELETION-PROTECTION()



NAME
       update-deletion-protection -

DESCRIPTION
       Update  deletion protection to either allow or deny deletion of the fi-
       nal Region in a replication set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-deletion-protection
          --arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          --deletion-protected | --no-deletion-protected
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the replication set you're  updat-
          ing.

       --client-token (string)
          A  token  ensuring  that  the operation is called only once with the
          specified details.

       --deletion-protected | --no-deletion-protected (boolean)
          Details if deletion protection is enabled or disabled  in  your  ac-
          count.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update replication set deletion protection

       The  following  update-deletion-protection example updates the deletion
       protection in your account to protect you from deleting the last Region
       in your replication set.

          aws ssm-incidents update-deletion-protection \
              --arn "arn:aws:ssm-incidents::111122223333:replication-set/a2bcc5c9-0f53-8047-7fef-c20749989b40" \
              --deletion-protected

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using the Incident Manager replication set in
       the Incident Manager User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  UPDATE-DELETION-PROTECTION()
