DESCRIBE-USER()                                                DESCRIBE-USER()



NAME
       describe-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  user metadata and attributes from UserId in an identity
       store.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-user
          --identity-store-id <value>
          --user-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --identity-store-id (string)
          The globally unique identifier  for  the  identity  store,  such  as
          d-1234567890 . In this example, d- is a fixed prefix, and 1234567890
          is a randomly generated string that contains number and  lower  case
          letters.  This  value  is  generated at the time that a new identity
          store is created.

       --user-id (string)
          The identifier for a user in the identity store.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UserName -> (string)
          Contains the users user name value. The length limit is 128  charac-
          ters.  This  value can consist of letters, accented characters, sym-
          bols, numbers, and punctuation. The characters <>;:%  are  excluded.
          This  value  is specified at the time the user is created and stored
          as an attribute of the user object in the identity store.

       UserId -> (string)
          The identifier for a user in the identity store.



                                                               DESCRIBE-USER()
