CONTINUE-DEPLOYMENT()                                    CONTINUE-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       continue-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       For  a  blue/green  deployment, starts the process of rerouting traffic
       from instances in the original environment to instances in the replace-
       ment  environment  without waiting for a specified wait time to elapse.
       (Traffic rerouting, which is achieved by registering instances  in  the
       replacement  environment  with  the load balancer, can start as soon as
       all instances have a status of Ready.)

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            continue-deployment
          [--deployment-id <value>]
          [--deployment-wait-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --deployment-id (string)
          The unique ID of a blue/green deployment for which you want to start
          rerouting traffic to the replacement environment.

       --deployment-wait-type (string)
          The  status of the deployment's waiting period. READY_WAIT indicates
          that the deployment is ready to  start  shifting  traffic.  TERMINA-
          TION_WAIT  indicates  that  the traffic is shifted, but the original
          target is not terminated.

          Possible values:

          o READY_WAIT

          o TERMINATION_WAIT

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To start rerouting traffic without waiting for a specified wait time to
       elapse.

       The following continue-deployment example starts rerouting traffic from
       instances in the original environment that are ready to start  shifting
       traffic to instances in the replacement environment.

          aws deploy continue-deployment \
              --deployment-d "d-A1B2C3111" \
              --deployment-wait-type "READY_WAIT"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see ContinueDeployment in the AWS CodeDeploy API
       Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         CONTINUE-DEPLOYMENT()
