DEREGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()            DEREGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()



NAME
       deregister-on-premises-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Deregisters an on-premises instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-on-premises-instance
          --instance-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-name (string)
          The name of the on-premises instance to deregister.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To deregister an on-premises instance

       The  following  deregister-on-premises-instance  example deregisters an
       on-premises instance with AWS CodeDeploy, but it does  not  delete  the
       IAM  user associated with the instance, nor does it disassociate in AWS
       CodeDeploy the on-premises instance tags from  the  instance.  It  also
       does  not  uninstall the AWS CodeDeploy Agent from the instance nor re-
       move the on-premises configuration file from the instance.

          aws deploy deregister-on-premises-instance --instance-name AssetTag12010298EX

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             DEREGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()
