LIST-APPLICATIONS()                                        LIST-APPLICATIONS()



NAME
       list-applications -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the applications registered with the IAM user or AWS account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-applications  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: applications

SYNOPSIS
            list-applications
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about applications

       The following list-applications example displays information about  all
       applications that are associated with the user's AWS account.

          aws deploy list-applications

       Output:

          {
              "applications": [
                  "WordPress_App",
                  "MyOther_App"
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       applications -> (list)
          A list of application names.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If  a large amount of information is returned, an identifier is also
          returned. It can be used in a subsequent list applications  call  to
          return the next set of applications in the list.



                                                           LIST-APPLICATIONS()
