REGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()                REGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()



NAME
       register-on-premises-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers an on-premises instance.

       NOTE:
          Only  one  IAM ARN (an IAM session ARN or IAM user ARN) is supported
          in the request. You cannot use both.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-on-premises-instance
          --instance-name <value>
          [--iam-session-arn <value>]
          [--iam-user-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-name (string)
          The name of the on-premises instance to register.

       --iam-session-arn (string)
          The ARN of the IAM session to associate  with  the  on-premises  in-
          stance.

       --iam-user-arn (string)
          The ARN of the IAM user to associate with the on-premises instance.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To register an on-premises instance

       The   following   register-on-premises-instance  example  registers  an
       on-premises instance with AWS CodeDeploy. It does not create the speci-
       fied  IAM user, nor does it associate in AWS CodeDeploy any on-premises
       instances tags with the registered instance.

          aws deploy register-on-premises-instance \
              --instance-name AssetTag12010298EX \
              --iam-user-arn arn:aws:iam::80398EXAMPLE:user/CodeDeployDemoUser-OnPrem

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               REGISTER-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCE()
