REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCESREMOVE-TAGS-FROM-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCES()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-on-premises-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes one or more tags from one or more on-premises instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-on-premises-instances
          --tags <value>
          --instance-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tags (list)
          The tag key-value pairs to remove from the on-premises instances.

          (structure)
              Information about a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The tag's key.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --instance-names (list)
          The names of the on-premises instances from which to remove tags.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from one or more on-premises instances

       The following remove-tags-from-on-premises-instances example disassoci-
       ates the specified on-premises tags in AWS CodeDeploy from  on-premises
       instances. It does not deregister the on-premises instances in AWS Cod-
       eDeploy, nor uninstall the AWS CodeDeploy Agent from the instance,  nor
       remove  the  on-premises  configuration  file  from  the instances, nor
       delete the IAM users that are associated with the instances.

          aws deploy remove-tags-from-on-premises-instances \
              --instance-names AssetTag12010298EX AssetTag23121309EX \
              --tags Key=Name,Value=CodeDeployDemo-OnPrem

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-ON-PREMISES-INSTANCES()
