UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  resource from a list of tags. The resource is identi-
       fied by the ResourceArn input parameter. The tags are identified by the
       list of keys in the TagKeys input parameter.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that specifies from which resource to
          disassociate the tags with the keys in the TagKeys input parameter.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of keys of Tag objects. The Tag  objects  identified  by  the
          keys  are  disassociated  from  the  resource  specified  by the Re-
          sourceArn input parameter.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a resource (application)

       The following untag-resource example removes two tags  with  keys  Name
       and Type from an application named testApp in CodeDeploy.

          aws deploy untag-resource \
              --resource-arn  arn:aws:codedeploy:us-west-2:111122223333:application:testApp \
              --tag-keys Name Type

       If successful, this command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Tagging instances for deployment groups in
       CodeDeploy in the AWS CodeDeploy User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
