ASSOCIATE-DISCOVERED-RESOURCE()                ASSOCIATE-DISCOVERED-RESOURCE()



NAME
       associate-discovered-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a discovered resource ID from Application Discovery Service
       with a migration task.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-discovered-resource
          --progress-update-stream <value>
          --migration-task-name <value>
          --discovered-resource <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --progress-update-stream (string)
          The name of the ProgressUpdateStream.

       --migration-task-name (string)
          The identifier given to the MigrationTask.  Do  not  store  personal
          data in this field.

       --discovered-resource (structure)
          Object representing a Resource.

          ConfigurationId -> (string)
              The   configurationId  in  Application  Discovery  Service  that
              uniquely identifies the on-premise resource.

          Description -> (string)
              A description that can be free-form text  to  record  additional
              detail about the discovered resource for clarity or later refer-
              ence.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ConfigurationId=string,Description=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "ConfigurationId": "string",
            "Description": "string"
          }

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Optional boolean flag to indicate whether  any  effect  should  take
          place. Used to test if the caller has permission to make the call.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               ASSOCIATE-DISCOVERED-RESOURCE()
