DISASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()                DISASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()



NAME
       disassociate-created-artifact -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  created  artifact of an AWS resource with a migration
       task performed by a migration tool that was previously associated. This
       API has the following traits:

       o A  migration user can call the DisassociateCreatedArtifacts operation
         to disassociate a created AWS Artifact from a migration task.

       o The created artifact name must be provided in  ARN  (Amazon  Resource
         Name)  format  which  will contain information about type and region;
         for example: arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:488216288981:image/ami-6d0ba87b .

       o Examples of the AWS resource behind the created artifact are,  AMI's,
         EC2 instance, or RDS instance, etc.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-created-artifact
          --progress-update-stream <value>
          --migration-task-name <value>
          --created-artifact-name <value>
          [--dry-run | --no-dry-run]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --progress-update-stream (string)
          The name of the ProgressUpdateStream.

       --migration-task-name (string)
          Unique  identifier that references the migration task to be disasso-
          ciated with the artifact. Do not store personal data in this field.

       --created-artifact-name (string)
          An ARN of the AWS resource related to the migration (e.g., AMI,  EC2
          instance, RDS instance, etc.)

       --dry-run | --no-dry-run (boolean)
          Optional  boolean  flag  to  indicate whether any effect should take
          place. Used to test if the caller has permission to make the call.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               DISASSOCIATE-CREATED-ARTIFACT()
