LIST-CREATED-ARTIFACTS()                              LIST-CREATED-ARTIFACTS()



NAME
       list-created-artifacts -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  created  artifacts attached to a given migration task in an
       update stream. This API has the following traits:

       o Gets the list of the created  artifacts  while  migration  is  taking
         place.

       o Shows the artifacts created by the migration tool that was associated
         by the AssociateCreatedArtifact API.

       o Lists created artifacts in a paginated interface.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-created-artifacts is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: CreatedArtifactList

SYNOPSIS
            list-created-artifacts
          --progress-update-stream <value>
          --migration-task-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --progress-update-stream (string)
          The name of the ProgressUpdateStream.

       --migration-task-name (string)
          Unique  identifier  that references the migration task. Do not store
          personal data in this field.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If  there are more created artifacts than the max result, return the
          next token to be passed to the next call as a bookmark of  where  to
          start from.

       CreatedArtifactList -> (list)
          List of created artifacts up to the maximum number of results speci-
          fied in the request.

          (structure)
              An ARN of the AWS cloud resource target receiving the  migration
              (e.g., AMI, EC2 instance, RDS instance, etc.).

              Name -> (string)
                 An  ARN  that  uniquely  identifies the result of a migration
                 task.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description that can be free-form text to record additional
                 detail about the artifact for clarity or for later reference.



                                                      LIST-CREATED-ARTIFACTS()
