CREATE-PARTICIPANT-CONNECTION()                CREATE-PARTICIPANT-CONNECTION()



NAME
       create-participant-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  the  participant's  connection.  Note that ParticipantToken is
       used for invoking this API instead of ConnectionToken.

       The participant token is valid for the lifetime of the participant  un-
       til they are part of a contact.

       The  response  URL  for  WEBSOCKET Type has a connect expiry timeout of
       100s. Clients must manually connect to the returned websocket  URL  and
       subscribe to the desired topic.

       For  chat,  you  need  to publish the following on the established web-
       socket connection:
          {"topic":"aws/subscribe","content":{"topics":["aws/chat"]}}

       Upon websocket URL expiry, as specified in the  response  ConnectionEx-
       piry  parameter,  clients  need  to call this API again to obtain a new
       websocket URL and perform the same steps as before.
          Message streaming support : This API can also be used together  with
          the StartContactStreaming API to create a participant connection for
          chat contacts that are not using a websocket. For  more  information
          about  message streaming, Enable real-time chat message streaming in
          the Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

          Feature specifications : For information  about  feature  specifica-
          tions,  such as the allowed number of open websocket connections per
          participant, see Feature specifications in the Amazon Connect Admin-
          istrator Guide .

       NOTE:
          The  Amazon  Connect  Participant  Service APIs do not use Signature
          Version 4 authentication .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-participant-connection
          --type <value>
          --participant-token <value>
          [--connect-participant | --no-connect-participant]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --type (list)
          Type of connection information required.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            WEBSOCKET
            CONNECTION_CREDENTIALS

       --participant-token (string)
          This is a header parameter.

          The ParticipantToken as obtained from StartChatContact API response.

       --connect-participant | --no-connect-participant (boolean)
          Amazon Connect Participant is used to mark the participant  as  con-
          nected for message streaming.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Websocket -> (structure)
          Creates the participant's websocket connection.

          Url -> (string)
              The URL of the websocket.

          ConnectionExpiry -> (string)
              The URL expiration timestamp in ISO date format.

              It's specified in ISO 8601 format: yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.SSSZ. For
              example, 2019-11-08T02:41:28.172Z.

       ConnectionCredentials -> (structure)
          Creates the participant's connection credentials. The authentication
          token associated with the participant's connection.

          ConnectionToken -> (string)
              The connection token.

          Expiry -> (string)
              The expiration of the token.

              It's specified in ISO 8601 format: yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.SSSZ. For
              example, 2019-11-08T02:41:28.172Z.



                                               CREATE-PARTICIPANT-CONNECTION()
