DISCONNECT-PARTICIPANT()                              DISCONNECT-PARTICIPANT()



NAME
       disconnect-participant -

DESCRIPTION
       Disconnects a participant. Note that ConnectionToken is used for invok-
       ing this API instead of ParticipantToken.

       The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use  Signature  Ver-
       sion 4 authentication .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disconnect-participant
          [--client-token <value>]
          --connection-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-token (string)
          A  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request.

       --connection-token (string)
          The authentication token associated with the  participant's  connec-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DISCONNECT-PARTICIPANT()
