GET-ATTACHMENT()                                              GET-ATTACHMENT()



NAME
       get-attachment -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a pre-signed URL for download of a completed attachment. This
       is an asynchronous API for use with active contacts.

       The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use  Signature  Ver-
       sion 4 authentication .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-attachment
          --attachment-id <value>
          --connection-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --attachment-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the attachment.

       --connection-token (string)
          The  authentication  token associated with the participant's connec-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Url -> (string)
          This is the pre-signed URL that can be used for uploading  the  file
          to Amazon S3 when used in response to StartAttachmentUpload .

       UrlExpiry -> (string)
          The  expiration  time of the URL in ISO timestamp. It's specified in
          ISO   8601   format:    yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.SSSZ.    For    example,
          2019-11-08T02:41:28.172Z.



                                                              GET-ATTACHMENT()
