START-ATTACHMENT-UPLOAD()                            START-ATTACHMENT-UPLOAD()



NAME
       start-attachment-upload -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a pre-signed Amazon S3 URL in response for uploading the file
       directly to S3.

       The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use  Signature  Ver-
       sion 4 authentication .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-attachment-upload
          --content-type <value>
          --attachment-size-in-bytes <value>
          --attachment-name <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          --connection-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --content-type (string)
          Describes  the  MIME file type of the attachment. For a list of sup-
          ported file types, see Feature specifications in the Amazon  Connect
          Administrator Guide .

       --attachment-size-in-bytes (long)
          The size of the attachment in bytes.

       --attachment-name (string)
          A case-sensitive name of the attachment being uploaded.

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique  case  sensitive  identifier to support idempotency of re-
          quest.

       --connection-token (string)
          The authentication token associated with the  participant's  connec-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AttachmentId -> (string)
          A unique identifier for the attachment.

       UploadMetadata -> (structure)
          Fields to be used while uploading the attachment.

          Url -> (string)
              This  is  the  pre-signed URL that can be used for uploading the
              file to Amazon S3 when used in response to StartAttachmentUpload
              .

          UrlExpiry -> (string)
              The  expiration time of the URL in ISO timestamp. It's specified
              in  ISO  8601  format:  yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss.SSSZ.  For  example,
              2019-11-08T02:41:28.172Z.

          HeadersToInclude -> (map)
              The headers to be provided while uploading the file to the URL.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                     START-ATTACHMENT-UPLOAD()
