BATCH-GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()        BATCH-GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()



NAME
       batch-get-custom-data-identifiers -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about one or more custom data identifiers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-get-custom-data-identifiers
          [--ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ids (list)
          An  array  of  custom  data identifier IDs, one for each custom data
          identifier to retrieve information about.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       customDataIdentifiers -> (list)
          An  array of objects, one for each custom data identifier that meets
          the criteria specified in the request.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a custom data identifier.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom data identifier.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format,  when
                 the custom data identifier was created.

              deleted -> (boolean)
                 Specifies  whether the custom data identifier was deleted. If
                 you delete a custom data  identifier,  Amazon  Macie  doesn't
                 delete  it  permanently. Instead, it soft deletes the identi-
                 fier.

              description -> (string)
                 The custom description of the custom data identifier.

              id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the custom data identifier.

              name -> (string)
                 The custom name of the custom data identifier.

       notFoundIdentifierIds -> (list)
          An array of custom data identifier IDs, one  for  each  custom  data
          identifier  that  was specified in the request but doesn't correlate
          to an existing custom data identifier.

          (string)



                                           BATCH-GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()
