GET-FINDINGS-FILTER()                                    GET-FINDINGS-FILTER()



NAME
       get-findings-filter -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the criteria and other settings for a findings filter.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-findings-filter
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  unique identifier for the Amazon Macie resource or account that
          the request applies to.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       action -> (string)
          The action that's performed on findings that meet the filter  crite-
          ria (findingCriteria). Possible values are: ARCHIVE, suppress (auto-
          matically archive) the findings; and, NOOP, don't perform any action
          on the findings.

       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the filter.

       description -> (string)
          The custom description of the filter.

       findingCriteria -> (structure)
          The criteria that's used to filter findings.

          criterion -> (map)
              A  condition  that  specifies the property, operator, and one or
              more values to use to filter the results.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 Specifies the operator to use in a  property-based  condition
                 that  filters  the  results  of a query for findings. For de-
                 tailed  information  and  examples  of  each  operator,   see
                 Fundamentals  of  filtering findings in the Amazon Macie User
                 Guide .

                 eq -> (list)
                     The value for the property matches (equals) the specified
                     value.  If  you  specify  multiple  values, Macie uses OR
                     logic to join the values.

                     (string)

                 eqExactMatch -> (list)
                     The value for the property exclusively matches (equals an
                     exact match for) all the specified values. If you specify
                     multiple values, Amazon Macie uses AND logic to join  the
                     values.

                     You  can use this operator with the following properties:
                     customDataIdentifiers.detections.arn,   customDataIdenti-
                     fiers.detections.name,                       resourcesAf-
                     fected.s3Bucket.tags.key,                    resourcesAf-
                     fected.s3Bucket.tags.value,       resourcesAffected.s3Ob-
                     ject.tags.key,     resourcesAffected.s3Object.tags.value,
                     sensitiveData.category,      and     sensitiveData.detec-
                     tions.type.

                     (string)

                 gt -> (long)
                     The value for the property is greater than the  specified
                     value.

                 gte -> (long)
                     The  value  for  the property is greater than or equal to
                     the specified value.

                 lt -> (long)
                     The value for the property is  less  than  the  specified
                     value.

                 lte -> (long)
                     The  value  for the property is less than or equal to the
                     specified value.

                 neq -> (list)
                     The value for the property doesn't match (doesn't  equal)
                     the  specified value. If you specify multiple values, Ma-
                     cie uses OR logic to join the values.

                     (string)

       id -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the filter.

       name -> (string)
          The custom name of the filter.

       position -> (integer)
          The position of the filter in the list of saved filters on the  Ama-
          zon Macie console. This value also determines the order in which the
          filter is applied to findings, relative to other  filters  that  are
          also applied to the findings.

       tags -> (map)
          A  map of key-value pairs that identifies the tags (keys and values)
          that are associated with the filter.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                         GET-FINDINGS-FILTER()
