GET-SENSITIVE-DATA-OCCURRENCES()              GET-SENSITIVE-DATA-OCCURRENCES()



NAME
       get-sensitive-data-occurrences -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  (reveals)  occurrences of sensitive data reported by a find-
       ing.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-sensitive-data-occurrences
          --finding-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --finding-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the finding.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       error -> (string)
          If  an error occurred when Amazon Macie attempted to retrieve occur-
          rences of sensitive data reported by the finding, a  description  of
          the  error  that occurred. This value is null if the status (status)
          of the request is PROCESSING or SUCCESS.

       sensitiveDataOccurrences -> (map)
          A map that specifies 1-100 types of sensitive data reported  by  the
          finding and, for each type, 1-10 occurrences of sensitive data.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (list)
              (structure)
                 Specifies  1-10  occurrences  of a specific type of sensitive
                 data reported by a finding.

                 value -> (string)
                     An occurrence of the specified type  of  sensitive  data.
                     Each occurrence can contain 1-128 characters.

       status -> (string)
          The  status of the request to retrieve occurrences of sensitive data
          reported by the finding. Possible values are:

          o ERROR - An error occurred when Amazon Macie attempted  to  locate,
            retrieve, or encrypt the sensitive data. The error value indicates
            the nature of the error that occurred.

          o PROCESSING - Macie is processing the request.

          o SUCCESS - Macie successfully located, retrieved, and encrypted the
            sensitive data.



                                              GET-SENSITIVE-DATA-OCCURRENCES()
