GET-FINDINGS-PUBLICATION-CONFIGURATIONGET-FINDINGS-PUBLICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-findings-publication-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  configuration settings for publishing findings to Secu-
       rity Hub.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-findings-publication-configuration
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       securityHubConfiguration -> (structure)
          The configuration settings that determine which  findings  are  pub-
          lished to Security Hub.

          publishClassificationFindings -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether to publish sensitive data findings to Security
              Hub. If you set this value to true, Amazon  Macie  automatically
              publishes all sensitive data findings that weren't suppressed by
              a findings filter. The default value is false.

          publishPolicyFindings -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether to publish policy findings to Security Hub. If
              you set this value to true, Amazon Macie automatically publishes
              all new and updated policy findings that weren't suppressed by a
              findings filter. The default value is true.



                                      GET-FINDINGS-PUBLICATION-CONFIGURATION()
