GET-MASTER-ACCOUNT()                                      GET-MASTER-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-master-account -

DESCRIPTION
       (Deprecated) Retrieves information about the Amazon Macie administrator
       account for an account. This operation has been replaced by the  GetAd-
       ministratorAccountoperation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-master-account
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       master -> (structure)
          (Deprecated)  The Amazon Web Services account ID for the administra-
          tor account. If the accounts are associated by  a  Macie  membership
          invitation,  this  object also provides details about the invitation
          that was sent to establish the relationship between the accounts.

          accountId -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services account ID for the account that sent the
              invitation.

          invitationId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the invitation.

          invitedAt -> (timestamp)
              The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, when the
              invitation was sent.

          relationshipStatus -> (string)
              The status of the relationship between the account that sent the
              invitation and the account that received the invitation.



                                                          GET-MASTER-ACCOUNT()
