GET-MACIE-SESSION()                                        GET-MACIE-SESSION()



NAME
       get-macie-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  current status and configuration settings for an Amazon
       Macie account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-macie-session
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO  8601  format,  when  the
          Amazon Macie account was created.

       findingPublishingFrequency -> (string)
          The  frequency  with  which Amazon Macie publishes updates to policy
          findings for the account. This includes publishing updates to  Secu-
          rity  Hub  and Amazon EventBridge (formerly called Amazon CloudWatch
          Events).

       serviceRole -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service-linked role  that  al-
          lows Amazon Macie to monitor and analyze data in Amazon Web Services
          resources for the account.

       status -> (string)
          The current status of the Amazon Macie account. Possible values are:
          PAUSED,  the  account  is  enabled but all Macie activities are sus-
          pended (paused) for the account; and, ENABLED, the  account  is  en-
          abled and all Macie activities are enabled for the account.

       updatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The  date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, of the most
          recent change to the status of the Amazon Macie account.



                                                           GET-MACIE-SESSION()
