GET-MEMBER()                                                      GET-MEMBER()



NAME
       get-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about an account that's associated with an Amazon
       Macie administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-member
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The unique identifier for the Amazon Macie resource or account  that
          the request applies to.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       accountId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID for the account.

       administratorAccountId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID for the administrator account.

       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.

       email -> (string)
          The email address for the account.

       invitedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, when an Ama-
          zon Macie membership invitation was last sent to the  account.  This
          value is null if an invitation hasn't been sent to the account.

       masterAccountId -> (string)
          (Deprecated)  The Amazon Web Services account ID for the administra-
          tor account. This property has been replaced by the administratorAc-
          countId property and is retained only for backward compatibility.

       relationshipStatus -> (string)
          The  current  status of the relationship between the account and the
          administrator account.

       tags -> (map)
          A map of key-value pairs that identifies the tags (keys and  values)
          that are associated with the member account in Amazon Macie.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       updatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The  date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, of the most
          recent change to the status of the relationship between the  account
          and the administrator account.



                                                                  GET-MEMBER()
