GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIER()                      GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIER()



NAME
       get-custom-data-identifier -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the criteria and other settings for a custom data identifier.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-custom-data-identifier
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The  unique identifier for the Amazon Macie resource or account that
          the request applies to.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom data identifier.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO  8601  format,  when  the
          custom data identifier was created.

       deleted -> (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  the  custom  data identifier was deleted. If you
          delete a custom data identifier, Amazon Macie doesn't delete it per-
          manently. Instead, it soft deletes the identifier.

       description -> (string)
          The custom description of the custom data identifier.

       id -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the custom data identifier.

       ignoreWords -> (list)
          An  array that lists specific character sequences (ignore words ) to
          exclude from the results. If the text matched by the regular expres-
          sion contains any string in this array, Amazon Macie ignores it. Ig-
          nore words are case sensitive.

          (string)

       keywords -> (list)
          An array that lists specific character sequences (keywords ), one of
          which must be within proximity (maximumMatchDistance) of the regular
          expression to match. Keywords aren't case sensitive.

          (string)

       maximumMatchDistance -> (integer)
          The maximum number of characters that can exist  between  text  that
          matches the regular expression and the character sequences specified
          by the keywords array. Amazon Macie includes or  excludes  a  result
          based on the proximity of a keyword to text that matches the regular
          expression.

       name -> (string)
          The custom name of the custom data identifier.

       regex -> (string)
          The regular expression (regex ) that defines the pattern to match.

       severityLevels -> (list)
          Specifies the severity that's assigned to findings that  the  custom
          data identifier produces, based on the number of occurrences of text
          that matches the custom data identifier's detection criteria. By de-
          fault,  Amazon Macie creates findings for S3 objects that contain at
          least one occurrence of text that matches  the  detection  criteria,
          and Macie assigns the MEDIUM severity to those findings.

          (structure)
              Specifies a severity level for findings that a custom data iden-
              tifier produces. A severity level determines which  severity  is
              assigned  to the findings, based on the number of occurrences of
              text that matches the custom data identifier's detection  crite-
              ria.

              occurrencesThreshold -> (long)
                 The minimum number of occurrences of text that must match the
                 custom data identifier's detection criteria in order to  pro-
                 duce a finding with the specified severity (severity).

              severity -> (string)
                 The  severity to assign to a finding: if the number of occur-
                 rences is greater than or equal to  the  specified  threshold
                 (occurrencesThreshold); and, if applicable, the number of oc-
                 currences is less than the threshold for the next consecutive
                 severity  level  for  the custom data identifier, moving from
                 LOW to HIGH.

       tags -> (map)
          A map of key-value pairs that identifies the tags (keys and  values)
          that are associated with the custom data identifier.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                  GET-CUSTOM-DATA-IDENTIFIER()
