LIST-MEMBERS()                                                  LIST-MEMBERS()



NAME
       list-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  the accounts that are associated with an
       Amazon Macie administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-members is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: members

SYNOPSIS
            list-members
          [--only-associated <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --only-associated (string)
          Specifies  which  accounts  to include in the response, based on the
          status of an account's relationship with the administrator  account.
          By  default,  the response includes only current member accounts. To
          include all accounts, set this value to false.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       members -> (list)
          An array of objects, one for each account that's associated with the
          administrator account and meets the criteria specified  in  the  re-
          quest.

          (structure)
              Provides  information about an account that's associated with an
              Amazon Macie administrator account.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID for the account.

              administratorAccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID for the administrator  ac-
                 count.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.

              email -> (string)
                 The email address for the account.

              invitedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, when
                 an Amazon Macie membership invitation was last  sent  to  the
                 account. This value is null if an invitation hasn't been sent
                 to the account.

              masterAccountId -> (string)
                 (Deprecated) The Amazon Web Services account ID for  the  ad-
                 ministrator  account.  This property has been replaced by the
                 administratorAccountId property  and  is  retained  only  for
                 backward compatibility.

              relationshipStatus -> (string)
                 The  current  status  of the relationship between the account
                 and the administrator account.

              tags -> (map)
                 A map of key-value pairs that identifies the tags  (keys  and
                 values) that are associated with the account in Amazon Macie.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              updatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and  time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format, of
                 the most recent change to the status of the relationship  be-
                 tween the account and the administrator account.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  string  to  use in a subsequent request to get the next page of
          results in a paginated response. This value is null if there are  no
          additional pages.



                                                                LIST-MEMBERS()
