LIST-MANAGED-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()                LIST-MANAGED-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()



NAME
       list-managed-data-identifiers -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information about all the managed data identifiers that Ama-
       zon Macie currently provides.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-managed-data-identifiers
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          The nextToken string that specifies which page of results to  return
          in a paginated response.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       items -> (list)
          An array of objects, one for each managed data identifier.

          (structure)
              Provides  information about a managed data identifier. For addi-
              tional information, see Using managed data  identifiers  in  the
              Amazon Macie User Guide .

              category -> (string)
                 The  category of sensitive data that the managed data identi-
                 fier detects: CREDENTIALS, for credentials data such as  pri-
                 vate  keys  or Amazon Web Services secret access keys; FINAN-
                 CIAL_INFORMATION, for financial data such as credit card num-
                 bers;  or, PERSONAL_INFORMATION, for personal health informa-
                 tion, such as health  insurance  identification  numbers,  or
                 personally  identifiable  information,  such as passport num-
                 bers.

              id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the managed data  identifier.  This
                 is  a  string  that describes the type of sensitive data that
                 the   managed   data   identifier   detects.   For   example:
                 OPENSSH_PRIVATE_KEY     for     OpenSSH     private     keys,
                 CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER for  credit  card  numbers,  or  USA_PASS-
                 PORT_NUMBER for US passport numbers.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  string  to  use in a subsequent request to get the next page of
          results in a paginated response. This value is null if there are  no
          additional pages.



                                               LIST-MANAGED-DATA-IDENTIFIERS()
