LIST-INVITATIONS()                                          LIST-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       list-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  the  Amazon Macie membership invitations
       that were received by an account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-invitations is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: invitations

SYNOPSIS
            list-invitations
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       invitations -> (list)
          An  array  of  objects, one for each invitation that was received by
          the account.

          (structure)
              Provides information about an Amazon  Macie  membership  invita-
              tion.

              accountId -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Web Services account ID for the account that sent
                 the invitation.

              invitationId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the invitation.

              invitedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time, in UTC and extended ISO 8601 format,  when
                 the invitation was sent.

              relationshipStatus -> (string)
                 The  status of the relationship between the account that sent
                 the invitation and the account that received the invitation.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The string to use in a subsequent request to get the  next  page  of
          results  in a paginated response. This value is null if there are no
          additional pages.



                                                            LIST-INVITATIONS()
