PUT-CLASSIFICATION-EXPORT-CONFIGURATIPUT-CLASSIFICATION-EXPORT-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-classification-export-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or updates the configuration settings for storing data classi-
       fication results.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-classification-export-configuration
          --configuration <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration (structure)
          The location to store data classification results in,  and  the  en-
          cryption settings to use when storing results in that location.

          s3Destination -> (structure)
              The  S3  bucket to store data classification results in, and the
              encryption settings to use when storing results in that bucket.

              bucketName -> (string)
                 The name of the bucket.

              keyPrefix -> (string)
                 The path prefix to use in the path to  the  location  in  the
                 bucket.  This  prefix specifies where to store classification
                 results in the bucket.

              kmsKeyArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  customer  managed  KMS
                 key  to  use  for encryption of the results. This must be the
                 ARN of an existing, symmetric encryption KMS  key  that's  in
                 the same Amazon Web Services Region as the bucket.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          s3Destination={bucketName=string,keyPrefix=string,kmsKeyArn=string}

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "s3Destination": {
              "bucketName": "string",
              "keyPrefix": "string",
              "kmsKeyArn": "string"
            }
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       configuration -> (structure)
          The location where the data classification results are  stored,  and
          the  encryption  settings that are used when storing results in that
          location.

          s3Destination -> (structure)
              The S3 bucket to store data classification results in,  and  the
              encryption settings to use when storing results in that bucket.

              bucketName -> (string)
                 The name of the bucket.

              keyPrefix -> (string)
                 The  path  prefix  to  use in the path to the location in the
                 bucket. This prefix specifies where to  store  classification
                 results in the bucket.

              kmsKeyArn -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the customer managed KMS
                 key to use for encryption of the results. This  must  be  the
                 ARN  of  an  existing, symmetric encryption KMS key that's in
                 the same Amazon Web Services Region as the bucket.



                                     PUT-CLASSIFICATION-EXPORT-CONFIGURATION()
