UPDATE-CLASSIFICATION-JOB()                        UPDATE-CLASSIFICATION-JOB()



NAME
       update-classification-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes the status of a classification job.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-classification-job
          --job-id <value>
          --job-status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the classification job.

       --job-status (string)
          The new status for the job. Valid values are:

          o CANCELLED  -  Stops the job permanently and cancels it. This value
            is valid only if the job's current status is  IDLE,  PAUSED,  RUN-
            NING, or USER_PAUSED. If you specify this value and the job's cur-
            rent status is RUNNING, Amazon Macie immediately  begins  to  stop
            all  processing  tasks  for the job. You can't resume or restart a
            job after you cancel it.

          o RUNNING - Resumes the job. This value is valid only if  the  job's
            current  status is USER_PAUSED. If you paused the job while it was
            actively running and you specify this value less than 30 days  af-
            ter  you paused the job, Macie immediately resumes processing from
            the point where you paused the job. Otherwise, Macie  resumes  the
            job according to the schedule and other settings for the job.

          o USER_PAUSED - Pauses the job temporarily. This value is valid only
            if the job's current status is IDLE, PAUSED, or  RUNNING.  If  you
            specify  this value and the job's current status is RUNNING, Macie
            immediately begins to pause all processing tasks for the  job.  If
            you  pause  a one-time job and you don't resume it within 30 days,
            the job expires and Macie cancels the job. If you pause  a  recur-
            ring job when its status is RUNNING and you don't resume it within
            30 days, the job run expires and Macie cancels the run.  To  check
            the  expiration  date, refer to the UserPausedDetails.jobExpiresAt
            property.

          Possible values:

          o RUNNING

          o PAUSED

          o CANCELLED

          o COMPLETE

          o IDLE

          o USER_PAUSED

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-CLASSIFICATION-JOB()
