UPDATE-MACIE-SESSION()                                  UPDATE-MACIE-SESSION()



NAME
       update-macie-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Suspends  or re-enables Amazon Macie, or updates the configuration set-
       tings for a Macie account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-macie-session
          [--finding-publishing-frequency <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --finding-publishing-frequency (string)
          Specifies how often to publish updates to policy  findings  for  the
          account. This includes publishing updates to Security Hub and Amazon
          EventBridge (formerly called Amazon CloudWatch Events).

          Possible values:

          o FIFTEEN_MINUTES

          o ONE_HOUR

          o SIX_HOURS

       --status (string)
          Specifies a new status for the account. Valid values  are:  ENABLED,
          resume  all  Amazon  Macie  activities for the account; and, PAUSED,
          suspend all Macie activities for the account.

          Possible values:

          o PAUSED

          o ENABLED

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        UPDATE-MACIE-SESSION()
