ASSOCIATE-PERSONAS-TO-ENTITIES()              ASSOCIATE-PERSONAS-TO-ENTITIES()



NAME
       associate-personas-to-entities -

DESCRIPTION
       Defines  the specific permissions of users or groups in your Amazon Web
       Services SSO identity source with access to your Amazon Kendra  experi-
       ence.  You  can create an Amazon Kendra experience such as a search ap-
       plication. For more information on creating a search application  expe-
       rience, see Building a search experience with no code .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-personas-to-entities
          --id <value>
          --index-id <value>
          --personas <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --personas (list)
          The personas that define the specific permissions of users or groups
          in your Amazon Web Services SSO identity source. The available  per-
          sonas or access roles are Owner and Viewer . For more information on
          these personas, see Providing access to your search page .

          (structure)
              Provides the configuration information for users  or  groups  in
              your  Amazon Web Services SSO identity source for access to your
              Amazon Kendra experience. Specific permissions are  defined  for
              each  user  or group once they are granted access to your Amazon
              Kendra experience.

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a user or group in your Amazon Web Services
                 SSO  identity  source.  For  example,  a  user ID could be an
                 email.

              Persona -> (string)
                 The persona that defines the specific permissions of the user
                 or group in your Amazon Web Services SSO identity source. The
                 available personas or access roles are Owner and Viewer . For
                 more  information  on these personas, see Providing access to
                 your search page .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          EntityId=string,Persona=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "EntityId": "string",
              "Persona": "OWNER"|"VIEWER"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FailedEntityList -> (list)
          Lists  the  users or groups in your Amazon Web Services SSO identity
          source that failed to properly configure with your Amazon Kendra ex-
          perience.

          (structure)
              Information  on  the users or groups in your Amazon Web Services
              SSO identity source that failed to properly configure with  your
              Amazon Kendra experience.

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  of the user or group in your Amazon Web Ser-
                 vices SSO identity source. For example, a user ID could be an
                 email.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The  reason the user or group in your Amazon Web Services SSO
                 identity source failed to properly configure with your Amazon
                 Kendra experience.



                                              ASSOCIATE-PERSONAS-TO-ENTITIES()
