CLEAR-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()                            CLEAR-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()



NAME
       clear-query-suggestions -

DESCRIPTION
       Clears existing query suggestions from an index.

       This  deletes  existing  suggestions only, not the queries in the query
       log. After you clear suggestions, Amazon Kendra learns new  suggestions
       based  on  new queries added to the query log from the time you cleared
       suggestions. If you do not see any new suggestions, then  please  allow
       Amazon Kendra to collect enough queries to learn new suggestions.
          ClearQuerySuggestions  is  currently not supported in the Amazon Web
          Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            clear-query-suggestions
          --index-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index you  want  to  clear  query  suggestions
          from.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     CLEAR-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()
