DELETE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()                          DELETE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()



NAME
       delete-principal-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  group  so  that all users and sub groups that belong to the
       group can no longer access documents only available to that group.

       For example, after deleting the group "Summer Interns", all interns who
       belonged  to  that  group  no longer see intern-only documents in their
       search results.

       If you want to delete or replace users or sub groups of  a  group,  you
       need  to  use the PutPrincipalMapping operation. For example, if a user
       in the group "Engineering" leaves the engineering team and another user
       takes  their  place, you provide an updated list of users or sub groups
       that belong to the "Engineering" group when calling PutPrincipalMapping
       .  You  can  update your internal list of users or sub groups and input
       this list when calling PutPrincipalMapping .
          DeletePrincipalMapping is currently not supported in the Amazon  Web
          Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-principal-mapping
          --index-id <value>
          [--data-source-id <value>]
          --group-id <value>
          [--ordering-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index you want to delete a group from.

       --data-source-id (string)
          The identifier of the data source you want to delete a group from.

          A group can be tied to multiple data sources. You can delete a group
          from accessing documents in a certain data source. For example,  the
          groups  "Research", "Engineering", and "Sales and Marketing" are all
          tied to the company's documents stored in the data  sources  Conflu-
          ence and Salesforce. You want to delete "Research" and "Engineering"
          groups from Salesforce, so that  these  groups  cannot  access  cus-
          tomer-related  documents  stored in Salesforce. Only "Sales and Mar-
          keting" should access documents in the Salesforce data source.

       --group-id (string)
          The identifier of the group you want to delete.

       --ordering-id (long)
          The timestamp identifier you specify to ensure  Amazon  Kendra  does
          not  override  the  latest  DELETE action with previous actions. The
          highest number ID, which is the ordering ID, is  the  latest  action
          you  want  to  process  and apply on top of other actions with lower
          number IDs. This prevents previous actions  with  lower  number  IDs
          from possibly overriding the latest action.

          The  ordering ID can be the UNIX time of the last update you made to
          a group members list. You would then provide this list when  calling
          PutPrincipalMapping  .  This ensures your DELETE action for that up-
          dated group with the latest members list doesn't get overwritten  by
          earlier  DELETE  actions for the same group which are yet to be pro-
          cessed.

          The default ordering ID is the current  UNIX  time  in  milliseconds
          that the action was received by Amazon Kendra.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()
