DESCRIBE-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATION()DESCRIBE-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-access-control-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about an access control configuration that you created
       for your documents in an index. This includes user and group access in-
       formation  for  your documents. This is useful for user context filter-
       ing, where search results are filtered based on the user or their group
       access to documents.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-access-control-configuration
          --index-id <value>
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for an access control configuration.

       --id (string)
          The  identifier  of the access control configuration you want to get
          information on.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name for the access control configuration.

       Description -> (string)
          The description for the access control configuration.

       ErrorMessage -> (string)
          The  error message containing details if there are issues processing
          the access control configuration.

       AccessControlList -> (list)
          Information on principals (users and/or groups) and which  documents
          they  should have access to. This is useful for user context filter-
          ing, where search results are filtered based on the  user  or  their
          group access to documents.

          (structure)
              Provides user and group information for user context filtering .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the user or group.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of principal.

              Access -> (string)
                 Whether to allow or deny document access to the principal.

              DataSourceId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the data source the principal should access
                 documents from.

       HierarchicalAccessControlList -> (list)
          The list of principal lists that define the hierarchy for which doc-
          uments users should have access to.

          (structure)
              Information  to  define  the hierarchy for which documents users
              should have access to.

              PrincipalList -> (list)
                 A list of principal lists that define the hierarchy for which
                 documents users should have access to. Each hierarchical list
                 specifies which user or group has allow or  deny  access  for
                 each document.

                 (structure)
                     Provides user and group information for user context fil-
                     tering .

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the user or group.

                     Type -> (string)
                        The type of principal.

                     Access -> (string)
                        Whether to allow or deny document access to the  prin-
                        cipal.

                     DataSourceId -> (string)
                        The identifier of the data source the principal should
                        access documents from.



                                       DESCRIBE-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATION()
