DESCRIBE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()                      DESCRIBE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()



NAME
       describe-principal-mapping -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the processing of PUT and DELETE actions for mapping users to
       their groups. This includes information on the status of  actions  cur-
       rently  processing  or  yet to be processed, when actions were last up-
       dated, when actions were received by Amazon Kendra, the  latest  action
       that  should  process  and  apply after other actions, and useful error
       messages if an action could not be processed.
          DescribePrincipalMapping is currently not supported  in  the  Amazon
          Web Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-principal-mapping
          --index-id <value>
          [--data-source-id <value>]
          --group-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The  identifier of the index required to check the processing of PUT
          and DELETE actions for mapping users to their groups.

       --data-source-id (string)
          The identifier of the data source to check the processing of PUT and
          DELETE actions for mapping users to their groups.

       --group-id (string)
          The  identifier of the group required to check the processing of PUT
          and DELETE actions for mapping users to their groups.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       IndexId -> (string)
          Shows the identifier of the index to see information on the process-
          ing of PUT and DELETE actions for mapping users to their groups.

       DataSourceId -> (string)
          Shows the identifier of the data source to see  information  on  the
          processing  of  PUT  and  DELETE  actions for mapping users to their
          groups.

       GroupId -> (string)
          Shows the identifier of the group to see information on the process-
          ing of PUT and DELETE actions for mapping users to their groups.

       GroupOrderingIdSummaries -> (list)
          Shows  the following information on the processing of PUT and DELETE
          actions for mapping users to their groups:

          o Status  the status can be either PROCESSING , SUCCEEDED , DELETING
            , DELETED , or FAILED .

          o Last updated  the last date-time an action was updated.

          o Received  the last date-time an action was received or submitted.

          o Ordering ID  the latest action that should process and apply after
            other actions.

          o Failure reason  the reason an action could not be processed.

          (structure)
              Summary information on the processing of PUT and DELETE  actions
              for mapping users to their groups.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current processing status of actions for mapping users to
                 their groups. The status can be either PROCESSING , SUCCEEDED
                 , DELETING , DELETED , or FAILED .

              LastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  last date-time an action was updated. An action can be a
                 PUT or DELETE action for mapping users to their groups.

              ReceivedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date-time an action was received by Amazon Kendra. An ac-
                 tion can be a PUT or DELETE action for mapping users to their
                 groups.

              OrderingId -> (long)
                 The order in which actions should complete processing. An ac-
                 tion can be a PUT or DELETE action for mapping users to their
                 groups.

              FailureReason -> (string)
                 The reason an action could not be processed. An action can be
                 a PUT or DELETE action for mapping users to their groups.



                                                  DESCRIBE-PRINCIPAL-MAPPING()
