DESCRIBE-FAQ()                                                  DESCRIBE-FAQ()



NAME
       describe-faq -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about an FAQ list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-faq
          --id <value>
          --index-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The unique identifier of the FAQ.

       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index that contains the FAQ.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Id -> (string)
          The identifier of the FAQ.

       IndexId -> (string)
          The identifier of the index that contains the FAQ.

       Name -> (string)
          The name that you gave the FAQ when it was created.

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the FAQ that you provided when it was created.

       CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the FAQ was created.

       UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the FAQ was last updated.

       S3Path -> (structure)
          Information required to find a specific file in an Amazon S3 bucket.

          Bucket -> (string)
              The name of the S3 bucket that contains the file.

          Key -> (string)
              The name of the file.

       Status -> (string)
          The  status of the FAQ. It is ready to use when the status is ACTIVE
          .

       RoleArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that provides  access  to
          the S3 bucket containing the input files for the FAQ.

       ErrorMessage -> (string)
          If  the Status field is FAILED , the ErrorMessage field contains the
          reason why the FAQ failed.

       FileFormat -> (string)
          The file format used by the input files for the FAQ.

       LanguageCode -> (string)
          The code for a language. This shows a supported language for the FAQ
          document.  English  is supported by default. For more information on
          supported languages, including their codes, see Adding documents  in
          languages other than English .



                                                                DESCRIBE-FAQ()
