DISASSOCIATE-ENTITIES-FROM-EXPERIENCE()DISASSOCIATE-ENTITIES-FROM-EXPERIENCE()



NAME
       disassociate-entities-from-experience -

DESCRIPTION
       Prevents  users  or  groups  in  your  Amazon Web Services SSO identity
       source from accessing your Amazon Kendra experience. You can create  an
       Amazon  Kendra experience such as a search application. For more infor-
       mation on creating a search  application  experience,  see  Building  a
       search experience with no code .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-entities-from-experience
          --id <value>
          --index-id <value>
          --entity-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --entity-list (list)
          Lists  users  or  groups  in  your  Amazon Web Services SSO identity
          source.

          (structure)
              Provides the configuration information of  users  or  groups  in
              your  Amazon  Web  Services  SSO identity source to grant access
              your Amazon Kendra experience.

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a user or group in your Amazon Web Services
                 SSO  identity  source.  For  example,  a  user ID could be an
                 email.

              EntityType -> (string)
                 Specifies whether you are configuring a User or a Group .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          EntityId=string,EntityType=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "EntityId": "string",
              "EntityType": "USER"|"GROUP"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FailedEntityList -> (list)
          Lists the users or groups in your Amazon Web Services  SSO  identity
          source  that  failed to properly remove access to your Amazon Kendra
          experience.

          (structure)
              Information on the users or groups in your Amazon  Web  Services
              SSO  identity source that failed to properly configure with your
              Amazon Kendra experience.

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the user or group in your Amazon  Web  Ser-
                 vices SSO identity source. For example, a user ID could be an
                 email.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The reason the user or group in your Amazon Web Services  SSO
                 identity source failed to properly configure with your Amazon
                 Kendra experience.



                                       DISASSOCIATE-ENTITIES-FROM-EXPERIENCE()
