GET-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()                                GET-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()



NAME
       get-query-suggestions -

DESCRIPTION
       Fetches the queries that are suggested to your users.
          GetQuerySuggestions  is  currently  not  supported in the Amazon Web
          Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-query-suggestions
          --index-id <value>
          --query-text <value>
          [--max-suggestions-count <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index you want to get query suggestions from.

       --query-text (string)
          The text of a user's query to generate query suggestions.

          A query is suggested if the query prefix matches what a user  starts
          to type as their query.

          Amazon  Kendra  does  not show any suggestions if a user types fewer
          than two characters or more than 60 characters. A  query  must  also
          have  at  least  one  search result and contain at least one word of
          more than four characters.

       --max-suggestions-count (integer)
          The maximum number of query suggestions you want  to  show  to  your
          users.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       QuerySuggestionsId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for a list of query suggestions for an index.

       Suggestions -> (list)
          A list of query suggestions for an index.

          (structure)
              A single query suggestion.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  unique  UUID (universally unique identifier) of a single
                 query suggestion.

              Value -> (structure)
                 The value for the unique UUID (universally unique identifier)
                 of a single query suggestion.

                 The value is the text string of a suggestion.

                 Text -> (structure)
                     The  SuggestionTextWithHighlights structure that contains
                     the query suggestion text and highlights.

                     Text -> (string)
                        The query suggestion text to display to the user.

                     Highlights -> (list)
                        The beginning and end of  the  query  suggestion  text
                        that should be highlighted.

                        (structure)
                            The text highlights for a single query suggestion.

                            BeginOffset -> (integer)
                               The  zero-based location in the response string
                               where the highlight starts.

                            EndOffset -> (integer)
                               The zero-based location in the response  string
                               where the highlight ends.



                                                       GET-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS()
