LIST-FAQS()                                                        LIST-FAQS()



NAME
       list-faqs -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of FAQ lists associated with an index.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-faqs
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The index that contains the FAQ lists.

       --next-token (string)
          If  the previous response was incomplete (because there is more data
          to retrieve), Amazon Kendra returns a pagination token  in  the  re-
          sponse.  You  can use this pagination token to retrieve the next set
          of FAQs.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of FAQs to return in the response. If  there  are
          fewer  results  in  the list, this response contains only the actual
          results.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated, Amazon Kendra returns this token  that
          you  can  use  in the subsequent request to retrieve the next set of
          FAQs.

       FaqSummaryItems -> (list)
          information about the FAQs associated with the specified index.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a frequently asked questions and  an-
              swer contained in an index.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier of the FAQ.

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name  that  you assigned the FAQ when you created or up-
                 dated the FAQ.

              Status -> (string)
                 The current status of the FAQ. When the status is ACTIVE  the
                 FAQ is ready for use.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The UNIX datetime that the FAQ was added to the index.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The UNIX datetime that the FAQ was last updated.

              FileFormat -> (string)
                 The file type used to create the FAQ.

              LanguageCode -> (string)
                 The  code for a language. This shows a supported language for
                 the FAQ document as part of the summary information for FAQs.
                 English is supported by default. For more information on sup-
                 ported languages, including their codes, see Adding documents
                 in languages other than English .



                                                                   LIST-FAQS()
