LIST-DATA-SOURCES()                                        LIST-DATA-SOURCES()



NAME
       list-data-sources -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the data sources that you have created.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-data-sources
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index used with one or more data sources.

       --next-token (string)
          If  the previous response was incomplete (because there is more data
          to retrieve), Amazon Kendra returns a pagination token  in  the  re-
          sponse.  You  can use this pagination token to retrieve the next set
          of data sources (DataSourceSummaryItems ).

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of data sources to return.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SummaryItems -> (list)
          An array of summary information for one or more data sources.

          (structure)
              Summary  information  for an Amazon Kendra data source. Returned
              in a call to the DescribeDataSource API.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the data source.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the data source.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the data source.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The UNIX datetime that the data source was created.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The UNIX datetime that the data source was lasted updated.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the data source. When the status is ACTIVE  the
                 data source is ready to use.

              LanguageCode -> (string)
                 The  code for a language. This shows a supported language for
                 all documents in the data source. English is supported by de-
                 fault. For more information on supported languages, including
                 their codes, see Adding documents  in  languages  other  than
                 English .

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  the response is truncated, Amazon Kendra returns this token that
          you can use in the subsequent request to retrieve the  next  set  of
          data sources.



                                                           LIST-DATA-SOURCES()
