LIST-EXPERIENCES()                                          LIST-EXPERIENCES()



NAME
       list-experiences -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  one  or more Amazon Kendra experiences. You can create an Amazon
       Kendra experience such as a search application. For more information on
       creating a search application experience, see Building a search experi-
       ence with no code .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-experiences
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --next-token (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is more  data
          to  retrieve),  Amazon  Kendra returns a pagination token in the re-
          sponse. You can use this pagination token to retrieve the  next  set
          of Amazon Kendra experiences.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of returned Amazon Kendra experiences.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SummaryItems -> (list)
          An  array of summary information for one or more Amazon Kendra expe-
          riences.

          (structure)
              Summary information for your Amazon Kendra experience.  You  can
              create an Amazon Kendra experience such as a search application.
              For more information on creating a  search  application  experi-
              ence, see Building a search experience with no code .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of your Amazon Kendra experience.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of your Amazon Kendra experience.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date-time your Amazon Kendra experience was created.

              Status -> (string)
                 The processing status of your Amazon Kendra experience.

              Endpoints -> (list)
                 The  endpoint  URLs  for  your Amazon Kendra experiences. The
                 URLs are unique and fully hosted by Amazon Web Services.

                 (structure)
                     Provides the configuration information  of  the  endpoint
                     for your Amazon Kendra experience.

                     EndpointType -> (string)
                        The  type  of  endpoint for your Amazon Kendra experi-
                        ence. The type currently available is HOME , which  is
                        a unique and fully hosted URL to the home page of your
                        Amazon Kendra experience.

                     Endpoint -> (string)
                        The endpoint of your Amazon Kendra experience.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated,  Amazon  Kendra  returns  this  token,
          which  you  can  use  in a later request to retrieve the next set of
          Amazon Kendra experiences.



                                                            LIST-EXPERIENCES()
