LIST-EXPERIENCE-ENTITIES()                          LIST-EXPERIENCE-ENTITIES()



NAME
       list-experience-entities -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  users  or groups in your Amazon Web Services SSO identity source
       that are granted access to your Amazon Kendra experience. You can  cre-
       ate  an Amazon Kendra experience such as a search application. For more
       information on creating a search application experience, see Building a
       search experience with no code .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-experience-entities
          --id <value>
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --next-token (string)
          If  the previous response was incomplete (because there is more data
          to retrieve), Amazon Kendra returns a pagination token  in  the  re-
          sponse.  You  can use this pagination token to retrieve the next set
          of users or groups.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SummaryItems -> (list)
          An array of summary information for one or more users or groups.

          (structure)
              Summary  information for users or groups in your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices SSO identity source with granted  access  to  your  Amazon
              Kendra  experience.  You  can create an Amazon Kendra experience
              such as a search application. For more information on creating a
              search  application experience, see Building a search experience
              with no code .

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a user or group in your Amazon Web Services
                 SSO  identity  source.  For  example,  a  user ID could be an
                 email.

              EntityType -> (string)
                 Shows the type as User or Group .

              DisplayData -> (structure)
                 Information about the user entity.

                 UserName -> (string)
                     The name of the user.

                 GroupName -> (string)
                     The name of the group.

                 IdentifiedUserName -> (string)
                     The user name of the user.

                 FirstName -> (string)
                     The first name of the user.

                 LastName -> (string)
                     The last name of the user.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated,  Amazon  Kendra  returns  this  token,
          which  you  can  use  in a later request to retrieve the next set of
          users or groups.



                                                    LIST-EXPERIENCE-ENTITIES()
