LIST-GROUPS-OLDER-THAN-ORDERING-ID()      LIST-GROUPS-OLDER-THAN-ORDERING-ID()



NAME
       list-groups-older-than-ordering-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  a  list of groups that are mapped to users before a given or-
       dering or timestamp identifier.
          ListGroupsOlderThanOrderingId is currently not supported in the Ama-
          zon Web Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-groups-older-than-ordering-id
          --index-id <value>
          [--data-source-id <value>]
          --ordering-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The  identifier  of the index for getting a list of groups mapped to
          users before a given ordering or timestamp identifier.

       --data-source-id (string)
          The identifier of the data source  for  getting  a  list  of  groups
          mapped to users before a given ordering timestamp identifier.

       --ordering-id (long)
          The  timestamp  identifier  used for the latest PUT or DELETE action
          for mapping users to their groups.

       --next-token (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is more  data
          to  retrieve),  Amazon  Kendra returns a pagination token in the re-
          sponse. You can use this pagination token to retrieve the  next  set
          of  groups that are mapped to users before a given ordering or time-
          stamp identifier.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of returned groups that are mapped to  users  be-
          fore a given ordering or timestamp identifier.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GroupsSummaries -> (list)
          Summary information for list of groups that are mapped to users  be-
          fore a given ordering or timestamp identifier.

          (structure)
              Summary information for groups.

              GroupId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  of the group you want group summary informa-
                 tion on.

              OrderingId -> (long)
                 The timestamp identifier used for the latest  PUT  or  DELETE
                 action.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  the response is truncated, Amazon Kendra returns this token that
          you can use in the subsequent request to retrieve the  next  set  of
          groups that are mapped to users before a given ordering or timestamp
          identifier.



                                          LIST-GROUPS-OLDER-THAN-ORDERING-ID()
