LIST-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATIONS()      LIST-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATIONS()



NAME
       list-access-control-configurations -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  one or more access control configurations for an index. This in-
       cludes user and group access information for your  documents.  This  is
       useful  for  user  context filtering, where search results are filtered
       based on the user or their group access to documents.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-access-control-configurations
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for the access control configuration.

       --next-token (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is more  data
          to  retrieve),  Amazon  Kendra returns a pagination token in the re-
          sponse. You can use this pagination token to retrieve the  next  set
          of access control configurations.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of access control configurations to return.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated, Amazon Kendra returns this token  that
          you  can  use  in the subsequent request to retrieve the next set of
          access control configurations.

       AccessControlConfigurations -> (list)
          The details of your access control configurations.

          (structure)
              Summary information on an access control configuration that  you
              created for your documents in an index.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the access control configuration.



                                          LIST-ACCESS-CONTROL-CONFIGURATIONS()
