LIST-ENTITY-PERSONAS()                                  LIST-ENTITY-PERSONAS()



NAME
       list-entity-personas -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists specific permissions of users and groups with access to your Ama-
       zon Kendra experience.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-entity-personas
          --id <value>
          --index-id <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The identifier of your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index for your Amazon Kendra experience.

       --next-token (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is more  data
          to  retrieve),  Amazon  Kendra returns a pagination token in the re-
          sponse. You can use this pagination token to retrieve the  next  set
          of users or groups.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of returned users or groups.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SummaryItems -> (list)
          An array of summary information for one or more users or groups.

          (structure)
              Summary  information for users or groups in your Amazon Web Ser-
              vices SSO identity source. This applies to users and groups with
              specific  permissions  that define their level of access to your
              Amazon Kendra experience. You can create an Amazon Kendra  expe-
              rience  such  as  a  search application. For more information on
              creating a search application experience, see Building a  search
              experience with no code .

              EntityId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a user or group in your Amazon Web Services
                 SSO identity source. For example,  a  user  ID  could  be  an
                 email.

              Persona -> (string)
                 The persona that defines the specific permissions of the user
                 or group in your Amazon Web Services SSO identity source. The
                 available personas or access roles are Owner and Viewer . For
                 more information on these personas, see Providing  access  to
                 your search page .

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date-time the summary information was created.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date-time the summary information was last updated.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  the  response  is  truncated,  Amazon Kendra returns this token,
          which you can use in a later request to retrieve  the  next  set  of
          users or groups.



                                                        LIST-ENTITY-PERSONAS()
