UPDATE-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS-CONFIG()            UPDATE-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS-CONFIG()



NAME
       update-query-suggestions-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the settings of query suggestions for an index.

       Amazon Kendra supports partial updates, so you only need to provide the
       fields you want to update.

       If an update is currently processing (i.e. 'happening'),  you  need  to
       wait for the update to finish before making another update.

       Updates to query suggestions settings might not take effect right away.
       The time for your updated settings to take effect depends  on  the  up-
       dates made and the number of search queries in your index.

       You can still enable/disable query suggestions at any time.
          UpdateQuerySuggestionsConfig  is currently not supported in the Ama-
          zon Web Services GovCloud (US-West) region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-query-suggestions-config
          --index-id <value>
          [--mode <value>]
          [--query-log-look-back-window-in-days <value>]
          [--include-queries-without-user-information | --no-include-queries-without-user-information]
          [--minimum-number-of-querying-users <value>]
          [--minimum-query-count <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --index-id (string)
          The identifier of the index with query suggestions you want  to  up-
          date.

       --mode (string)
          Set the mode to ENABLED or LEARN_ONLY .

          By default, Amazon Kendra enables query suggestions. LEARN_ONLY mode
          allows you to turn off query suggestions. You can to update this  at
          any time.

          In  LEARN_ONLY  mode,  Amazon  Kendra  continues  to  learn from new
          queries to keep suggestions up to date for when  you  are  ready  to
          switch to ENABLED mode again.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

          o LEARN_ONLY

       --query-log-look-back-window-in-days (integer)
          How recent your queries are in your query log time window.

          The time window is the number of days from current day to past days.

          By default, Amazon Kendra sets this to 180.

       --include-queries-without-user-information | --no-include-queries-with-
       out-user-information (boolean)
              TRUE to include  queries  without  user  information  (i.e.  all
              queries,  irrespective of the user), otherwise FALSE to only in-
              clude queries with user information.

          If you pass  user  information  to  Amazon  Kendra  along  with  the
          queries,  you  can set this flag to FALSE and instruct Amazon Kendra
          to only consider queries with user information.

          If you set to FALSE , Amazon Kendra only considers queries  searched
          at least MinimumQueryCount times across MinimumNumberOfQueryingUsers
          unique users for suggestions.

          If you set to TRUE , Amazon Kendra ignores all user information  and
          learns from all queries.

       --minimum-number-of-querying-users (integer)
          The  minimum number of unique users who must search a query in order
          for the query to be eligible to suggest to your users.

          Increasing this number might decrease  the  number  of  suggestions.
          However, this ensures a query is searched by many users and is truly
          popular to suggest to users.

          How you tune this setting depends on your specific needs.

       --minimum-query-count (integer)
          The the minimum number of times a query must be searched in order to
          be eligible to suggest to your users.

          Decreasing this number increases the number of suggestions. However,
          this affects the quality of suggestions as it sets a low bar  for  a
          query to be considered popular to suggest to users.

          How you tune this setting depends on your specific needs.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             UPDATE-QUERY-SUGGESTIONS-CONFIG()
