ADD-USER-TO-GROUP()                                        ADD-USER-TO-GROUP()



NAME
       add-user-to-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds the specified user to the specified group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-user-to-group
          --group-name <value>
          --user-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The name of the group to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to add.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a user to an IAM group

       The  following  add-user-to-group command adds an IAM user named Bob to
       the IAM group named Admins:

          aws iam add-user-to-group --user-name Bob --group-name Admins

       For more information, see Adding and Removing Users in an IAM Group  in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ADD-USER-TO-GROUP()
