ATTACH-GROUP-POLICY()                                    ATTACH-GROUP-POLICY()



NAME
       attach-group-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches the specified managed policy to the specified IAM group.

       You  use this operation to attach a managed policy to a group. To embed
       an inline policy in a group, use  PutGroupPolicy .

       As a best practice, you can validate your IAM policies. To learn  more,
       see Validating IAM policies in the IAM User Guide .

       For  more  information  about policies, see Managed policies and inline
       policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-group-policy
          --group-name <value>
          --policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the group to attach the  policy
          to.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM policy you want to attach.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To attach a managed policy to an IAM group

       The following attach-group-policy command attaches the AWS managed pol-
       icy named ReadOnlyAccess to the IAM group named Finance:

          aws iam attach-group-policy --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/ReadOnlyAccess --group-name Finance

       For more information, see Managed Policies and Inline Policies  in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         ATTACH-GROUP-POLICY()
