ATTACH-USER-POLICY()                                      ATTACH-USER-POLICY()



NAME
       attach-user-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches the specified managed policy to the specified user.

       You  use  this operation to attach a managed policy to a user. To embed
       an inline policy in a user, use  PutUserPolicy .

       As a best practice, you can validate your IAM policies. To learn  more,
       see Validating IAM policies in the IAM User Guide .

       For  more  information  about policies, see Managed policies and inline
       policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-user-policy
          --user-name <value>
          --policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the IAM user to attach the pol-
          icy to.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM policy you want to attach.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a managed policy to an IAM user

       The following attach-user-policy command attaches the AWS managed  pol-
       icy named AdministratorAccess to the IAM user named Alice:

          aws iam attach-user-policy --policy-arn arn:aws:iam:ACCOUNT-ID:aws:policy/AdministratorAccess --user-name Alice

       For  more  information, see Managed Policies and Inline Policies in the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          ATTACH-USER-POLICY()
