CHANGE-PASSWORD()                                            CHANGE-PASSWORD()



NAME
       change-password -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  password  of  the IAM user who is calling this operation.
       This operation can be performed using the CLI, the Amazon Web  Services
       API,  or  the  My  Security Credentials page in the Amazon Web Services
       Management Console. The Amazon Web Services account root user  password
       is not affected by this operation.

       Use  UpdateLoginProfile to use the CLI, the Amazon Web Services API, or
       the Users page in the IAM console to change the password  for  any  IAM
       user.  For  more  information  about  modifying passwords, see Managing
       passwords in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            change-password
          --old-password <value>
          --new-password <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --old-password (string)
          The IAM user's current password.

       --new-password (string)
          The new password. The new password must conform to  the  Amazon  Web
          Services account's password policy, if one exists.

          The  regex  pattern  that  is  used  to validate this parameter is a
          string of characters. That string can include almost  any  printable
          ASCII  character  from  the  space  (\u0020 ) through the end of the
          ASCII character range (\u00FF  ).  You  can  also  include  the  tab
          (\u0009  ), line feed (\u000A ), and carriage return (\u000D ) char-
          acters. Any of these characters are valid in  a  password.  However,
          many  tools,  such  as  the  Amazon Web Services Management Console,
          might restrict the ability to type certain characters  because  they
          have special meaning within that tool.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To change the password for your IAM user

       To  change  the  password  for  your  IAM  user, we recommend using the
       --cli-input-json parameter to pass a JSON file that contains  your  old
       and new passwords. Using this method, you can use strong passwords with
       non-alphanumeric characters. It can be difficult to use passwords  with
       non-alphanumeric  characters when you pass them as command line parame-
       ters. To  use  the  --cli-input-json  parameter,  start  by  using  the
       change-password  command with the --generate-cli-skeleton parameter, as
       in the following example:

          aws iam change-password --generate-cli-skeleton > change-password.json

       The previous command creates a JSON  file  called  change-password.json
       that  you  can  use to fill in your old and new passwords. For example,
       the file might look like this:

          {
              "OldPassword": "3s0K_;xh4~8XXI",
              "NewPassword": "]35d/{pB9Fo9wJ"
          }

       Next, to change your password, use the change-password  command  again,
       this  time  passing the --cli-input-json parameter to specify your JSON
       file. The following change-password command uses  the  --cli-input-json
       parameter with a JSON file called change-password.json:

          aws iam change-password --cli-input-json file://change-password.json

       This command can be called by IAM users only. If this command is called
       using AWS account  (root)  credentials,  the  command  returns  an  In-
       validUserType error.

       For  more  information,  see How IAM Users Change Their Own Password in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             CHANGE-PASSWORD()
