CREATE-ACCESS-KEY()                                        CREATE-ACCESS-KEY()



NAME
       create-access-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new Amazon Web Services secret access key and corresponding
       Amazon Web Services access key ID for the specified user.  The  default
       status for new keys is Active .

       If you do not specify a user name, IAM determines the user name implic-
       itly based on the Amazon Web Services access key  ID  signing  the  re-
       quest.  This  operation works for access keys under the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account. Consequently, you can use this operation to manage  Ama-
       zon  Web  Services  account root user credentials. This is true even if
       the Amazon Web Services account has no associated users.

       For information about quotas on the number of keys you can create,  see
       IAM and STS quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       WARNING:
          To  ensure the security of your Amazon Web Services account, the se-
          cret access key is accessible only during key and user creation. You
          must  save  the  key (for example, in a text file) if you want to be
          able to access it again. If a secret key is lost, you can delete the
          access keys for the associated user and then create new keys.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-access-key
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the IAM user that the new key will belong to.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an access key for an IAM user

       The following create-access-key command creates an access  key  (access
       key ID and secret access key) for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam create-access-key --user-name Bob

       Output:

          {
              "AccessKey": {
                  "UserName": "Bob",
                  "Status": "Active",
                  "CreateDate": "2015-03-09T18:39:23.411Z",
                  "SecretAccessKey": "wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYzEXAMPLEKEY",
                  "AccessKeyId": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE"
              }
          }

       Store  the  secret  access  key in a secure location. If it is lost, it
       cannot be recovered, and you must create a new access key.

       For more information, see Managing Access Keys for IAM Users in the Us-
       ing IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       AccessKey -> (structure)
          A structure with details about the access key.

          UserName -> (string)
              The name of the IAM user that the access key is associated with.

          AccessKeyId -> (string)
              The ID for this access key.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the access key. Active means that the key is valid
              for API calls, while Inactive means it is not.

          SecretAccessKey -> (string)
              The secret key used to sign requests.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the access key was created.



                                                           CREATE-ACCESS-KEY()
