CREATE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()                                  CREATE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()



NAME
       create-account-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an alias for your Amazon Web Services account. For information
       about using an Amazon Web Services account alias, see  Using  an  alias
       for your Amazon Web Services account ID in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-account-alias
          --account-alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-alias (string)
          The account alias to create.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of lowercase letters, digits, and dashes. You can-
          not  start  or  finish with a dash, nor can you have two dashes in a
          row.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an account alias

       The following create-account-alias  command  creates  the  alias  exam-
       plecorp for your AWS account:

          aws iam create-account-alias --account-alias examplecorp

       For  more information, see Your AWS Account ID and Its Alias in the Us-
       ing IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        CREATE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()
