CREATE-USER()                                                    CREATE-USER()



NAME
       create-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new IAM user for your Amazon Web Services account.

       For  information  about quotas for the number of IAM users you can cre-
       ate, see IAM and STS quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-user
          [--path <value>]
          --user-name <value>
          [--permissions-boundary <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --path (string)
          The path for the user name. For more information  about  paths,  see
          IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          This  parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a
          slash (/).

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  either  a  forward  slash (/) by itself or a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters,  digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to create.

          IAM  user,  group,  role, and policy names must be unique within the
          account. Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you  can-
          not create resources named both "MyResource" and "myresource".

       --permissions-boundary (string)
          The  ARN  of the policy that is used to set the permissions boundary
          for the user.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the  new  user.  Each  tag
          consists of a key name and an associated value. For more information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          NOTE:
              If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed  the  allowed
              maximum  number  of  tags, then the entire request fails and the
              resource is not created.

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an IAM user

       The  following create-user command creates an IAM user named Bob in the
       current account:

          aws iam create-user --user-name Bob

       Output:

          {
              "User": {
                  "UserName": "Bob",
                  "Path": "/",
                  "CreateDate": "2013-06-08T03:20:41.270Z",
                  "UserId": "AIDAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/Bob"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Adding a New User to Your AWS Account in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       User -> (structure)
          A structure with details about the new IAM user.

          Path -> (string)
              The  path to the user. For more information about paths, see IAM
              identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              The ARN of the policy used to set the permissions  boundary  for
              the user.

          UserName -> (string)
              The friendly name identifying the user.

          UserId -> (string)
              The  stable and unique string identifying the user. For more in-
              formation about IDs, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that  identifies  the  user.  For
              more information about ARNs and how to use ARNs in policies, see
              IAM Identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the  user
              was created.

          PasswordLastUsed -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and  time,  in  ISO  8601 date-time format , when the
              user's password was last used to sign in to an Amazon  Web  Ser-
              vices  website.  For a list of Amazon Web Services websites that
              capture a user's last sign-in time, see the  Credential  reports
              topic  in  the  IAM User Guide . If a password is used more than
              once in a five-minute span, only the first use  is  returned  in
              this  field.  If the field is null (no value), then it indicates
              that they never signed in with a password. This can be because:

              o The user never had a password.

              o A password exists but has not  been  used  since  IAM  started
                tracking this information on October 20, 2014.

              A  null  value does not mean that the user never had a password.
              Also, if the user does not currently have a password but had one
              in the past, then this field contains the date and time the most
              recent password was used.

              This value is returned only in the  GetUser and  ListUsers oper-
              ations.

          PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
              For   more   information   about   permissions  boundaries,  see
              Permissions boundaries for IAM identities in the IAM User  Guide
              .

              PermissionsBoundaryType -> (string)
                 The  permissions boundary usage type that indicates what type
                 of IAM resource is used as the permissions  boundary  for  an
                 entity. This data type can only have a value of Policy .

              PermissionsBoundaryArn -> (string)
                 The  ARN  of  the policy used to set the permissions boundary
                 for the user or role.

          Tags -> (list)
              A list of tags that are associated with the user. For  more  in-
              formation  about  tagging,  see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM
              User Guide .

              (structure)
                 A structure that represents user-provided metadata  that  can
                 be  associated  with  an  IAM  resource. For more information
                 about tagging, see Tagging IAM  resources  in  the  IAM  User
                 Guide .

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the
                     associated value. For example, Department or Cost  Center
                     are common choices.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  value  associated  with  this tag. For example, tags
                     with a key name of Department could have values  such  as
                     Human  Resources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a
                     key name of Cost Center might have values that consist of
                     the  number associated with the different cost centers in
                     your company. Typically, many resources  have  tags  with
                     the same key name but with different values.

                     NOTE:
                        Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as
                        a single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you
                        can  store  comma-separated values in the string. How-
                        ever, you must interpret the value in your code.



                                                                 CREATE-USER()
