CREATE-ROLE()                                                    CREATE-ROLE()



NAME
       create-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new role for your Amazon Web Services account. For more in-
       formation about roles, see IAM roles . For information about quotas for
       role names and the number of roles you can create, see IAM and STS quo-
       tas in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-role
          [--path <value>]
          --role-name <value>
          --assume-role-policy-document <value>
          [--description <value>]
          [--max-session-duration <value>]
          [--permissions-boundary <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --path (string)
          The path to the role. For more  information  about  paths,  see  IAM
          Identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          This  parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a
          slash (/).

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  either  a  forward  slash (/) by itself or a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters,  digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role to create.

          IAM  user,  group,  role, and policy names must be unique within the
          account. Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you  can-
          not create resources named both "MyResource" and "myresource".

       --assume-role-policy-document (string)
          The trust relationship policy document that grants an entity permis-
          sion to assume the role.

          In IAM, you must provide a JSON policy that has been converted to  a
          string. However, for CloudFormation templates formatted in YAML, you
          can provide the policy in JSON or YAML format. CloudFormation always
          converts a YAML policy to JSON format before submitting it to IAM.

          The  regex  pattern  used  to validate this parameter is a string of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any printable ASCII character ranging  from  the  space  character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The special characters tab (\u0009 ), line  feed  (\u000A  ),  and
            carriage return (\u000D )

          Upon  success,  the  response includes the same trust policy in JSON
          format.

       --description (string)
          A description of the role.

       --max-session-duration (integer)
          The maximum session duration (in seconds) that you want to  set  for
          the  specified role. If you do not specify a value for this setting,
          the default value of one hour is applied. This setting  can  have  a
          value from 1 hour to 12 hours.

          Anyone who assumes the role from the or API can use the DurationSec-
          onds API parameter or the duration-seconds CLI parameter to  request
          a longer session. The MaxSessionDuration setting determines the max-
          imum duration that can be requested using the DurationSeconds param-
          eter. If users don't specify a value for the DurationSeconds parame-
          ter, their security credentials are valid for one hour  by  default.
          This  applies when you use the AssumeRole* API operations or the as-
          sume-role* CLI operations but does not apply when you use those  op-
          erations  to  create  a console URL. For more information, see Using
          IAM roles in the IAM User Guide .

       --permissions-boundary (string)
          The ARN of the policy that is used to set the  permissions  boundary
          for the role.

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of  tags  that you want to attach to the new role. Each tag
          consists of a key name and an associated value. For more information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          NOTE:
              If  any  one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed
              maximum number of tags, then the entire request  fails  and  the
              resource is not created.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create an IAM role

       The  following  create-role  command creates a role named Test-Role and
       attaches a trust policy to it:

          aws iam create-role --role-name Test-Role --assume-role-policy-document file://Test-Role-Trust-Policy.json

       Output:

          {
            "Role": {
                "AssumeRolePolicyDocument": "<URL-encoded-JSON>",
                "RoleId": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",
                "CreateDate": "2013-06-07T20:43:32.821Z",
                "RoleName": "Test-Role",
                "Path": "/",
                "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/Test-Role"
            }
          }

       The  trust  policy   is   defined   as   a   JSON   document   in   the
       Test-Role-Trust-Policy.json  file.  (The file name and extension do not
       have significance.) The trust policy must specify a principal.

       To attach a permissions policy to a role, use the put-role-policy  com-
       mand.

       For more information, see Creating a Role in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       Role -> (structure)
          A structure containing details about the new role.

          Path -> (string)
              The  path to the role. For more information about paths, see IAM
              identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          RoleName -> (string)
              The friendly name that identifies the role.

          RoleId -> (string)
              The stable and unique string identifying the role. For more  in-
              formation about IDs, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role. For more in-
              formation about ARNs and how to use them in  policies,  see  IAM
              identifiers in the IAM User Guide guide.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The  date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the role
              was created.

          AssumeRolePolicyDocument -> (string)
              The policy that grants an entity permission to assume the role.

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the role that you provide.

          MaxSessionDuration -> (integer)
              The maximum session duration  (in  seconds)  for  the  specified
              role.  Anyone  who  uses  the CLI, or API to assume the role can
              specify the duration using the optional DurationSeconds API  pa-
              rameter or duration-seconds CLI parameter.

          PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
              The  ARN  of the policy used to set the permissions boundary for
              the role.

              For  more  information   about   permissions   boundaries,   see
              Permissions  boundaries for IAM identities in the IAM User Guide
              .

              PermissionsBoundaryType -> (string)
                 The permissions boundary usage type that indicates what  type
                 of  IAM  resource  is used as the permissions boundary for an
                 entity. This data type can only have a value of Policy .

              PermissionsBoundaryArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the policy used to set  the  permissions  boundary
                 for the user or role.

          Tags -> (list)
              A  list of tags that are attached to the role. For more informa-
              tion about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in  the  IAM  User
              Guide .

              (structure)
                 A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can
                 be associated with an  IAM  resource.  For  more  information
                 about  tagging,  see  Tagging  IAM  resources in the IAM User
                 Guide .

                 Key -> (string)
                     The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve  the
                     associated  value. For example, Department or Cost Center
                     are common choices.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The value associated with this  tag.  For  example,  tags
                     with  a  key name of Department could have values such as
                     Human Resources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with  a
                     key name of Cost Center might have values that consist of
                     the number associated with the different cost centers  in
                     your  company.  Typically,  many resources have tags with
                     the same key name but with different values.

                     NOTE:
                        Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as
                        a  single  string.  If you need to store an array, you
                        can store comma-separated values in the  string.  How-
                        ever, you must interpret the value in your code.

          RoleLastUsed -> (structure)
              Contains  information  about  the last time that an IAM role was
              used. This includes the date and time and the  Region  in  which
              the role was last used. Activity is only reported for the trail-
              ing 400 days. This period can be shorter if  your  Region  began
              supporting  these  features within the last year. The role might
              have been used more than 400 days ago. For more information, see
              Regions where data is tracked in the IAM User Guide .

              LastUsedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format that the role
                 was last used.

                 This field is null if the role has not been used  within  the
                 IAM  tracking period. For more information about the tracking
                 period, see Regions where data is tracked  in  the  IAM  User
                 Guide .

              Region -> (string)
                 The  name of the Amazon Web Services Region in which the role
                 was last used.



                                                                 CREATE-ROLE()
