CREATE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()                            CREATE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()



NAME
       create-instance-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new  instance  profile. For information about instance pro-
       files, see Using roles for applications on Amazon EC2 in the  IAM  User
       Guide , and Instance profiles in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       For  information  about the number of instance profiles you can create,
       see IAM object quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-instance-profile
          --instance-profile-name <value>
          [--path <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-profile-name (string)
          The name of the instance profile to create.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --path (string)
          The  path to the instance profile. For more information about paths,
          see IAM Identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          This parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to  a
          slash (/).

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of either a forward  slash  (/)  by  itself  or  a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character  (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters, digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created IAM  in-
          stance  profile.  Each  tag consists of a key name and an associated
          value. For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources
          in the IAM User Guide .

          NOTE:
              If  any  one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed
              maximum number of tags, then the entire request  fails  and  the
              resource is not created.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an instance profile

       The following create-instance-profile command creates an instance  pro-
       file named Webserver:

          aws iam create-instance-profile --instance-profile-name Webserver

       Output:

          {
              "InstanceProfile": {
                  "InstanceProfileId": "AIPAJMBYC7DLSPEXAMPLE",
                  "Roles": [],
                  "CreateDate": "2015-03-09T20:33:19.626Z",
                  "InstanceProfileName": "Webserver",
                  "Path": "/",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:instance-profile/Webserver"
              }
          }

       To add a role to an instance profile, use the add-role-to-instance-pro-
       file command.

       For more information, see Using IAM Roles to  Delegate  Permissions  to
       Applications that Run on Amazon EC2 in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       InstanceProfile -> (structure)
          A structure containing details about the new instance profile.

          Path -> (string)
              The  path  to  the  instance profile. For more information about
              paths, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          InstanceProfileName -> (string)
              The name identifying the instance profile.

          InstanceProfileId -> (string)
              The stable and unique string identifying the  instance  profile.
              For  more  information about IDs, see IAM identifiers in the IAM
              User Guide .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the instance  profile.
              For more information about ARNs and how to use them in policies,
              see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the instance profile was created.

          Roles -> (list)
              The role associated with the instance profile.

              (structure)
                 Contains information about an IAM role. This structure is re-
                 turned  as  a response element in several API operations that
                 interact with roles.

                 Path -> (string)
                     The path to the role. For more information  about  paths,
                     see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

                 RoleName -> (string)
                     The friendly name that identifies the role.

                 RoleId -> (string)
                     The  stable  and  unique string identifying the role. For
                     more information about IDs, see IAM  identifiers  in  the
                     IAM User Guide .

                 Arn -> (string)
                     The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role. For
                     more information about ARNs and how to use them in  poli-
                     cies, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide guide.

                 CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                     The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when
                     the role was created.

                 AssumeRolePolicyDocument -> (string)
                     The policy that grants an entity permission to assume the
                     role.

                 Description -> (string)
                     A description of the role that you provide.

                 MaxSessionDuration -> (integer)
                     The  maximum session duration (in seconds) for the speci-
                     fied role. Anyone who uses the CLI, or API to assume  the
                     role  can  specify  the duration using the optional Dura-
                     tionSeconds API parameter or duration-seconds CLI parame-
                     ter.

                 PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
                     The  ARN of the policy used to set the permissions bound-
                     ary for the role.

                     For more information about  permissions  boundaries,  see
                     Permissions boundaries for IAM identities in the IAM User
                     Guide .

                     PermissionsBoundaryType -> (string)
                        The permissions boundary  usage  type  that  indicates
                        what  type  of IAM resource is used as the permissions
                        boundary for an entity. This data type can only have a
                        value of Policy .

                     PermissionsBoundaryArn -> (string)
                        The  ARN  of  the  policy  used to set the permissions
                        boundary for the user or role.

                 Tags -> (list)
                     A list of tags that are attached to the  role.  For  more
                     information  about  tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in
                     the IAM User Guide .

                     (structure)
                        A structure  that  represents  user-provided  metadata
                        that  can be associated with an IAM resource. For more
                        information about tagging, see Tagging  IAM  resources
                        in the IAM User Guide .

                        Key -> (string)
                            The  key  name  that can be used to look up or re-
                            trieve the associated value. For example,  Depart-
                            ment or Cost Center are common choices.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The  value  associated with this tag. For example,
                            tags with a key name of Department could have val-
                            ues  such  as  Human  Resources , Accounting , and
                            Support . Tags with a  key  name  of  Cost  Center
                            might have values that consist of the number asso-
                            ciated with the different  cost  centers  in  your
                            company.  Typically, many resources have tags with
                            the same key name but with different values.

                            NOTE:
                               Amazon Web Services always interprets  the  tag
                               Value  as a single string. If you need to store
                               an array, you can store comma-separated  values
                               in  the string. However, you must interpret the
                               value in your code.

                 RoleLastUsed -> (structure)
                     Contains information about the last time that an IAM role
                     was  used. This includes the date and time and the Region
                     in which the role was last used.  Activity  is  only  re-
                     ported  for  the  trailing  400  days. This period can be
                     shorter if your Region began  supporting  these  features
                     within  the last year. The role might have been used more
                     than 400 days ago.  For  more  information,  see  Regions
                     where data is tracked in the IAM user Guide .

                     LastUsedDate -> (timestamp)
                        The  date  and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format that
                        the role was last used.

                        This field is null if  the  role  has  not  been  used
                        within  the  IAM tracking period. For more information
                        about the tracking period, see Regions where  data  is
                        tracked in the IAM User Guide .

                     Region -> (string)
                        The  name  of  the Amazon Web Services Region in which
                        the role was last used.

          Tags -> (list)
              A list of tags that are attached to the  instance  profile.  For
              more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the
              IAM User Guide .

              (structure)
                 A structure that represents user-provided metadata  that  can
                 be  associated  with  an  IAM  resource. For more information
                 about tagging, see Tagging IAM  resources  in  the  IAM  User
                 Guide .

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the
                     associated value. For example, Department or Cost  Center
                     are common choices.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  value  associated  with  this tag. For example, tags
                     with a key name of Department could have values  such  as
                     Human  Resources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a
                     key name of Cost Center might have values that consist of
                     the  number associated with the different cost centers in
                     your company. Typically, many resources  have  tags  with
                     the same key name but with different values.

                     NOTE:
                        Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as
                        a single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you
                        can  store  comma-separated values in the string. How-
                        ever, you must interpret the value in your code.



                                                     CREATE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()
