CREATE-SAML-PROVIDER()                                  CREATE-SAML-PROVIDER()



NAME
       create-saml-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an IAM resource that describes an identity provider (IdP) that
       supports SAML 2.0.

       The SAML provider resource that you create with this operation  can  be
       used  as  a  principal in an IAM role's trust policy. Such a policy can
       enable federated users who sign in using the SAML  IdP  to  assume  the
       role. You can create an IAM role that supports Web-based single sign-on
       (SSO) to the Amazon Web Services Management Console or  one  that  sup-
       ports API access to Amazon Web Services.

       When  you create the SAML provider resource, you upload a SAML metadata
       document that you get from your IdP. That  document  includes  the  is-
       suer's name, expiration information, and keys that can be used to vali-
       date the SAML authentication response (assertions) that the IdP  sends.
       You  must  generate the metadata document using the identity management
       software that is used as your organization's IdP.

       NOTE:
          This operation requires Signature Version 4 .

       For more information, see Enabling SAML 2.0 federated users  to  access
       the  Amazon  Web  Services  Management Console and About SAML 2.0-based
       federation in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-saml-provider
          --saml-metadata-document <value>
          --name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --saml-metadata-document (string)
          An XML document generated by an identity provider  (IdP)  that  sup-
          ports  SAML 2.0. The document includes the issuer's name, expiration
          information, and keys that can be used to validate the SAML  authen-
          tication  response  (assertions) that are received from the IdP. You
          must generate the metadata document using  the  identity  management
          software that is used as your organization's IdP.

          For more information, see About SAML 2.0-based federation in the IAM
          User Guide

       --name (string)
          The name of the provider to create.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the new IAM SAML provider.
          Each tag consists of a key name and an associated  value.  For  more
          information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User
          Guide .

          NOTE:
              If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed  the  allowed
              maximum  number  of  tags, then the entire request fails and the
              resource is not created.

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a SAML provider

       This example creates a new SAML provider in IAM  named  MySAMLProvider.
       It  is  described by the SAML metadata document found in the file SAML-
       MetaData.xml:

          aws iam create-saml-provider --saml-metadata-document file://SAMLMetaData.xml --name MySAMLProvider

       Output:

          {
              "SAMLProviderArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/MySAMLProvider"
          }

       For more information, see Using SAML Providers in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       SAMLProviderArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the new SAML provider resource  in
          IAM.

       Tags -> (list)
          A  list  of tags that are attached to the new IAM SAML provider. The
          returned list of tags is sorted by tag  key.  For  more  information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.



                                                        CREATE-SAML-PROVIDER()
