CREATE-LOGIN-PROFILE()                                  CREATE-LOGIN-PROFILE()



NAME
       create-login-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a password for the specified IAM user. A password allows an IAM
       user to access Amazon Web Services services through the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices Management Console.

       You  can use the CLI, the Amazon Web Services API, or the Users page in
       the IAM console to create a password for any IAM user. Use  ChangePass-
       word  to  update  your own existing password in the My Security Creden-
       tials page in the Amazon Web Services Management Console.

       For more information about managing passwords, see  Managing  passwords
       in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-login-profile
          --user-name <value>
          --password <value>
          [--password-reset-required | --no-password-reset-required]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the IAM user to create a password for. The user must al-
          ready exist.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --password (string)
          The new password for the user.

          The  regex  pattern  that  is  used  to validate this parameter is a
          string of characters. That string can include almost  any  printable
          ASCII  character  from  the  space  (\u0020 ) through the end of the
          ASCII character range (\u00FF  ).  You  can  also  include  the  tab
          (\u0009  ), line feed (\u000A ), and carriage return (\u000D ) char-
          acters. Any of these characters are valid in  a  password.  However,
          many  tools,  such  as  the  Amazon Web Services Management Console,
          might restrict the ability to type certain characters  because  they
          have special meaning within that tool.

       --password-reset-required | --no-password-reset-required (boolean)
          Specifies whether the user is required to set a new password on next
          sign-in.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a password for an IAM user

       To create a password for an IAM user, we recommend using the  --cli-in-
       put-json  parameter to pass a JSON file that contains the password. Us-
       ing this method, you can create a strong password with non-alphanumeric
       characters.  It can be difficult to create a password with non-alphanu-
       meric characters when you pass it as a command line parameter.

       To use the --cli-input-json parameter, start by  using  the  create-lo-
       gin-profile  command  with the --generate-cli-skeleton parameter, as in
       the following example:

          aws iam create-login-profile --generate-cli-skeleton > create-login-profile.json

       The previous command  creates  a  JSON  file  called  create-login-pro-
       file.json  that you can use to fill in the information for a subsequent
       create-login-profile command. For example:

          {
              "UserName": "Bob",
              "Password": "&1-3a6u:RA0djs",
              "PasswordResetRequired": true
          }

       Next, to create a password for an IAM user, use  the  create-login-pro-
       file command again, this time passing the --cli-input-json parameter to
       specify your JSON file. The following create-login-profile command uses
       the  --cli-input-json  parameter  with  a  JSON  file called create-lo-
       gin-profile.json:

          aws iam create-login-profile --cli-input-json file://create-login-profile.json

       Output:

          {
              "LoginProfile": {
                  "UserName": "Bob",
                  "CreateDate": "2015-03-10T20:55:40.274Z",
                  "PasswordResetRequired": true
              }
          }

       If the new password violates the account password policy,  the  command
       returns a PasswordPolicyViolation error.

       To  change the password for a user that already has one, use update-lo-
       gin-profile. To set a password policy for  the  account,  use  the  up-
       date-account-password-policy command.

       If  the  account  password  policy allows them to, IAM users can change
       their own passwords using the change-password command.

       For more information, see Managing Passwords for IAM Users in the Using
       IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       LoginProfile -> (structure)
          A structure containing the user name and password create date.

          UserName -> (string)
              The  name  of  the user, which can be used for signing in to the
              Amazon Web Services Management Console.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the password for the user was created.

          PasswordResetRequired -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the user is required to set a new password  on
              next sign-in.



                                                        CREATE-LOGIN-PROFILE()
