DEACTIVATE-MFA-DEVICE()                                DEACTIVATE-MFA-DEVICE()



NAME
       deactivate-mfa-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Deactivates  the  specified  MFA device and removes it from association
       with the user name for which it was originally enabled.

       For more information about creating and working with  virtual  MFA  de-
       vices,  see Enabling a virtual multi-factor authentication (MFA) device
       in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deactivate-mfa-device
          --user-name <value>
          --serial-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose MFA device you want to deactivate.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --serial-number (string)
          The  serial number that uniquely identifies the MFA device. For vir-
          tual MFA devices, the serial number is the device ARN.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: =,.@:/-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deactivate an MFA device

       This   command   deactivates  the  virtual  MFA  device  with  the  ARN
       arn:aws:iam::210987654321:mfa/BobsMFADevice that is associated with the
       user Bob:

          aws iam deactivate-mfa-device --user-name Bob --serial-number arn:aws:iam::210987654321:mfa/BobsMFADevice

       For  more  information, see Using Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) De-
       vices with AWS in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DEACTIVATE-MFA-DEVICE()
