DELETE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()                            DELETE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-instance-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified instance profile. The instance profile must not
       have an associated role.

       WARNING:
          Make sure that you do not have any Amazon EC2 instances running with
          the instance profile you are about to delete. Deleting a role or in-
          stance profile that is associated with a running instance will break
          any applications running on the instance.

       For  more  information about instance profiles, see About instance pro-
       files .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-instance-profile
          --instance-profile-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-profile-name (string)
          The name of the instance profile to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an instance profile

       The following delete-instance-profile command deletes the instance pro-
       file named ExampleInstanceProfile:

          aws iam delete-instance-profile --instance-profile-name ExampleInstanceProfile

       For more information, see Instance Profiles in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DELETE-INSTANCE-PROFILE()
