DELETE-ACCESS-KEY()                                        DELETE-ACCESS-KEY()



NAME
       delete-access-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the access key pair associated with the specified IAM user.

       If you do not specify a user name, IAM determines the user name implic-
       itly based on the Amazon Web Services access key  ID  signing  the  re-
       quest.  This  operation works for access keys under the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account. Consequently, you can use this operation to manage  Ama-
       zon  Web  Services account root user credentials even if the Amazon Web
       Services account has no associated users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-access-key
          [--user-name <value>]
          --access-key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose access key pair you want to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --access-key-id (string)
          The  access  key  ID for the access key ID and secret access key you
          want to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete an access key for an IAM user

       The  following  delete-access-key  command deletes the specified access
       key (access key ID and secret access key) for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam delete-access-key --access-key-id AKIDPMS9RO4H3FEXAMPLE --user-name Bob

       To list the access keys defined for  an  IAM  user,  use  the  list-ac-
       cess-keys command.

       For  more  information, see Creating, Modifying, and Viewing User Secu-
       rity Credentials in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-ACCESS-KEY()
