DELETE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()                                  DELETE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-account-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified Amazon Web Services account alias. For informa-
       tion about using an Amazon Web Services account  alias,  see  Using  an
       alias for your Amazon Web Services account ID in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-account-alias
          --account-alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-alias (string)
          The name of the account alias to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of lowercase letters, digits, and dashes. You can-
          not  start  or  finish with a dash, nor can you have two dashes in a
          row.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an account alias

       The following delete-account-alias command removes the alias  mycompany
       for the current account:

          aws iam delete-account-alias --account-alias mycompany

       For more information, see Using an Alias for Your AWS Account ID in the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-ACCOUNT-ALIAS()
