DELETE-ROLE()                                                    DELETE-ROLE()



NAME
       delete-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  role.  The role must not have any policies at-
       tached. For more information about roles, see Working with roles .

       WARNING:
          Make sure that you do not have any Amazon EC2 instances running with
          the  role  you are about to delete. Deleting a role or instance pro-
          file that is associated with a running instance will break  any  ap-
          plications running on the instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-role
          --role-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete an IAM role

       The following delete-role command removes the role named Test-Role:

          aws iam delete-role --role-name Test-Role

       Before you can delete a role, you must remove the  role  from  any  in-
       stance  profile (remove-role-from-instance-profile), detach any managed
       policies (detach-role-policy) and delete any inline policies  that  are
       attached to the role (delete-role-policy).

       For  more information, see Creating a Role and Instance Profiles in the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-ROLE()
