DELETE-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()          DELETE-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()



NAME
       delete-role-permissions-boundary -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the permissions boundary for the specified IAM role.

       WARNING:
          Deleting the permissions boundary for a role might increase its per-
          missions. For example, it might allow anyone who assumes the role to
          perform all the actions granted in its permissions policies.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-role-permissions-boundary
          --role-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The  name  (friendly  name,  not ARN) of the IAM role from which you
          want to remove the permissions boundary.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a permissions boundary from an IAM role

       The following delete-role-permissions-boundary example deletes the per-
       missions  boundary  for  the specified IAM role. To apply a permissions
       boundary to a role, use the put-role-permissions-boundary command.

          aws iam delete-role-permissions-boundary \
              --role-name lambda-application-role

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DELETE-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()
