DELETE-GROUP-POLICY()                                    DELETE-GROUP-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-group-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified inline policy that is embedded in the specified
       IAM group.

       A group can also have managed policies attached to it. To detach a man-
       aged policy from a group, use  DetachGroupPolicy . For more information
       about policies, refer to Managed policies and inline  policies  in  the
       IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-group-policy
          --group-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The  name  (friendly  name,  not ARN) identifying the group that the
          policy is embedded in.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-name (string)
          The name identifying the policy document to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a policy from an IAM group

       The  following delete-group-policy command deletes the policy named Ex-
       amplePolicy from the group named Admins:

          aws iam delete-group-policy --group-name Admins --policy-name ExamplePolicy

       To see the policies attached to a group,  use  the  list-group-policies
       command.

       For more information, see Managing IAM Policies in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-GROUP-POLICY()
