DELETE-USER-POLICY()                                      DELETE-USER-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-user-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified inline policy that is embedded in the specified
       IAM user.

       A user can also have managed policies attached to it. To detach a  man-
       aged  policy  from a user, use  DetachUserPolicy . For more information
       about policies, refer to Managed policies and inline  policies  in  the
       IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user-policy
          --user-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name (friendly name, not ARN) identifying the user that the pol-
          icy is embedded in.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-name (string)
          The name identifying the policy document to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a policy from an IAM user

       The following delete-user-policy command removes the  specified  policy
       from the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam delete-user-policy --user-name Bob --policy-name ExamplePolicy

       To  get  a list of policies for an IAM user, use the list-user-policies
       command.

       For more information, see Adding a New User to Your AWS Account in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-USER-POLICY()
