DELETE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()                      DELETE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       delete-signing-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a signing certificate associated with the specified IAM user.

       If you do not specify a user name, IAM determines the user name implic-
       itly based on the Amazon Web Services access key  ID  signing  the  re-
       quest.  This  operation works for access keys under the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account. Consequently, you can use this operation to manage  Ama-
       zon  Web  Services account root user credentials even if the Amazon Web
       Services account has no associated IAM users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-signing-certificate
          [--user-name <value>]
          --certificate-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user the signing certificate belongs to.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --certificate-id (string)
          The ID of the signing certificate to delete.

          The  format of this parameter, as described by its regex pattern, is
          a string of characters that can be upper- or lower-cased letters  or
          digits.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a signing certificate for an IAM user

       The  following delete-signing-certificate command deletes the specified
       signing certificate for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam delete-signing-certificate --user-name Bob --certificate-id TA7SMP42TDN5Z26OBPJE7EXAMPLE

       To get the ID for a signing certificate, use the  list-signing-certifi-
       cates command.

       For  more  information,  see Creating and Uploading a User Signing Cer-
       tificate in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()
