DELETE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()            DELETE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()



NAME
       delete-open-id-connect-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  OpenID  Connect identity provider (IdP) resource object in
       IAM.

       Deleting an IAM OIDC provider resource does not update any  roles  that
       reference  the provider as a principal in their trust policies. Any at-
       tempt to assume a role that references a deleted provider fails.

       This operation is idempotent; it does not fail or return  an  error  if
       you call the operation for a provider that does not exist.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-open-id-connect-provider
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the IAM OpenID Connect provider
          resource object to delete. You can get  a  list  of  OpenID  Connect
          provider  resource ARNs by using the  ListOpenIDConnectProviders op-
          eration.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete an IAM OpenID Connect identity provider

       This example deletes  the  IAM  OIDC  provider  that  connects  to  the
       provider example.oidcprovider.com:

          aws iam delete-open-id-connect-provider --open-id-connect-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/example.oidcprovider.com

       For  more  information,  see Using OpenID Connect Identity Providers in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             DELETE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()
