DELETE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()                        DELETE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       delete-server-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified server certificate.

       For  more  information  about  working  with  server  certificates, see
       Working with server certificates in the IAM User  Guide  .  This  topic
       also  includes  a list of Amazon Web Services services that can use the
       server certificates that you manage with IAM.

       WARNING:
          If you are using a server certificate with Elastic  Load  Balancing,
          deleting  the  certificate could have implications for your applica-
          tion. If Elastic Load Balancing doesn't detect the deletion of bound
          certificates,  it  may  continue to use the certificates. This could
          cause Elastic Load Balancing to stop accepting traffic. We recommend
          that  you  remove the reference to the certificate from Elastic Load
          Balancing before using this command to delete the  certificate.  For
          more  information,  see  DeleteLoadBalancerListeners  in the Elastic
          Load Balancing API Reference .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-server-certificate
          --server-certificate-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --server-certificate-name (string)
          The name of the server certificate you want to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a server certificate from your AWS account

       The  following  delete-server-certificate command removes the specified
       server certificate from your AWS account. This command produces no out-
       put.

          aws iam delete-server-certificate --server-certificate-name myUpdatedServerCertificate

       To  list the server certificates available in your AWS account, use the
       list-server-certificates command.

       For more information, see Creating, Uploading, and Deleting Server Cer-
       tificates in the IAM Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()
