DELETE-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICE()                        DELETE-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICE()



NAME
       delete-virtual-mfa-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a virtual MFA device.

       NOTE:
          You  must  deactivate  a  user's  virtual  MFA device before you can
          delete it. For information about deactivating MFA devices, see   De-
          activateMFADevice .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-virtual-mfa-device
          --serial-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --serial-number (string)
          The  serial number that uniquely identifies the MFA device. For vir-
          tual MFA devices, the serial number is the same as the ARN.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: =,.@:/-

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a virtual MFA device

       The  following  delete-virtual-mfa-device command removes the specified
       MFA device from the current account:

          aws iam delete-virtual-mfa-device --serial-number arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/MFATest

       For more information, see Using a Virtual MFA Device with  AWS  in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICE()
