DELETE-LOGIN-PROFILE()                                  DELETE-LOGIN-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-login-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  password for the specified IAM user, which terminates the
       user's ability to access Amazon Web Services services through the  Ama-
       zon Web Services Management Console.

       You  can use the CLI, the Amazon Web Services API, or the Users page in
       the IAM console to delete a password for any  IAM  user.  You  can  use
       ChangePassword  to  update, but not delete, your own password in the My
       Security Credentials page in the Amazon Web  Services  Management  Con-
       sole.

       WARNING:
          Deleting  a  user's  password does not prevent a user from accessing
          Amazon Web Services through the command line interface or  the  API.
          To  prevent  all  user  access, you must also either make any access
          keys inactive or delete them. For more information about making keys
          inactive or deleting them, see  UpdateAccessKey and  DeleteAccessKey
          .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-login-profile
          --user-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose password you want to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a password for an IAM user

       The following delete-login-profile command deletes the password for the
       IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam delete-login-profile --user-name Bob

       For more information, see Managing Passwords in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-LOGIN-PROFILE()
