DELETE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()      DELETE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()



NAME
       delete-service-specific-credential -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified service-specific credential.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-service-specific-credential
          [--user-name <value>]
          --service-specific-credential-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The  name  of the IAM user associated with the service-specific cre-
          dential. If this value is not specified, then the operation  assumes
          the user whose credentials are used to call the operation.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --service-specific-credential-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the service-specific  credential.  You  can
          get this value by calling  ListServiceSpecificCredentials .

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Delete a service-specific credential for the requesting user

       The following delete-service-specific-credential  example  deletes  the
       specified  service-specific credential for the user making the request.
       The service-specific-credential-id is provided when you create the cre-
       dential and you can retrieve it by using the list-service-specific-cre-
       dentials command. This command produces no output.

          aws iam delete-service-specific-credential --service-specific-credential-id ACCAEXAMPLE123EXAMPLE

       Delete a service-specific credential for a specified user

       The following delete-service-specific-credential  example  deletes  the
       specified  service-specific credential for the specified user. The ser-
       vice-specific-credential-id is provided when you create the  credential
       and  you can retrieve it by using the list-service-specific-credentials
       command. This command produces no output.

          aws iam delete-service-specific-credential --user-name sofia --service-specific-credential-id ACCAEXAMPLE123EXAMPLE

       For more information, see Create Git Credentials for HTTPS  Connections
       to CodeCommit in the AWS CodeCommit User Guide

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DELETE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()
