DELETE-GROUP()                                                  DELETE-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified IAM group. The group must not contain any users
       or have any attached policies.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-group
          --group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The name of the IAM group to delete.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an IAM group

       The  following  delete-group command deletes an IAM group named MyTest-
       Group:

          aws iam delete-group --group-name MyTestGroup

       For more information, see Deleting an IAM Group in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-GROUP()
