DETACH-GROUP-POLICY()                                    DETACH-GROUP-POLICY()



NAME
       detach-group-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified managed policy from the specified IAM group.

       A  group  can  also have inline policies embedded with it. To delete an
       inline policy, use  DeleteGroupPolicy . For information about policies,
       see Managed policies and inline policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-group-policy
          --group-name <value>
          --policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The  name  (friendly  name,  not ARN) of the IAM group to detach the
          policy from.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM policy you want to detach.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To detach a policy from a group

       This   example   removes   the   managed   policy    with    the    ARN
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/TesterAccessPolicy   from   the  group
       called Testers:

          aws iam detach-group-policy --group-name Testers --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/TesterAccessPolicy

       For more information, see Overview of IAM Policies  in  the  Using  IAM
       guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DETACH-GROUP-POLICY()
