DETACH-USER-POLICY()                                      DETACH-USER-POLICY()



NAME
       detach-user-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified managed policy from the specified user.

       A user can also have inline policies embedded with it. To delete an in-
       line policy, use  DeleteUserPolicy . For  information  about  policies,
       see Managed policies and inline policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-user-policy
          --user-name <value>
          --policy-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the IAM user to detach the pol-
          icy from.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM policy you want to detach.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach a policy from a user

       This   example   removes   the   managed   policy    with    the    ARN
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/TesterPolicy from the user Bob:

          aws iam detach-user-policy --user-name Bob --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/TesterPolicy

       For  more  information,  see  Overview of IAM Policies in the Using IAM
       guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DETACH-USER-POLICY()
