ENABLE-MFA-DEVICE()                                        ENABLE-MFA-DEVICE()



NAME
       enable-mfa-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  specified MFA device and associates it with the specified
       IAM user. When enabled, the MFA device is required for every subsequent
       login by the IAM user associated with the device.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-mfa-device
          --user-name <value>
          --serial-number <value>
          --authentication-code1 <value>
          --authentication-code2 <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the IAM user for whom you want to enable the MFA device.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --serial-number (string)
          The serial number that uniquely identifies the MFA device. For  vir-
          tual MFA devices, the serial number is the device ARN.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: =,.@:/-

       --authentication-code1 (string)
          An authentication code emitted by the device.

          The format for this parameter is a string of six digits.

          WARNING:
              Submit your request immediately after generating the authentica-
              tion  codes. If you generate the codes and then wait too long to
              submit the request, the MFA device successfully associates  with
              the  user  but  the MFA device becomes out of sync. This happens
              because time-based one-time  passwords  (TOTP)  expire  after  a
              short period of time. If this happens, you can resync the device
              .

       --authentication-code2 (string)
          A subsequent authentication code emitted by the device.

          The format for this parameter is a string of six digits.

          WARNING:
              Submit your request immediately after generating the authentica-
              tion  codes. If you generate the codes and then wait too long to
              submit the request, the MFA device successfully associates  with
              the  user  but  the MFA device becomes out of sync. This happens
              because time-based one-time  passwords  (TOTP)  expire  after  a
              short period of time. If this happens, you can resync the device
              .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable an MFA device

       After you use the create-virtual-mfa-device command  to  create  a  new
       virtual  MFA  device, you can assign the MFA device to a user. The fol-
       lowing enable-mfa-device example assigns the MFA device with the serial
       number arn:aws:iam::210987654321:mfa/BobsMFADevice to the user Bob. The
       command also synchronizes the device with AWS by  including  the  first
       two codes in sequence from the virtual MFA device.

          aws iam enable-mfa-device \
              --user-name Bob \
              --serial-number arn:aws:iam::210987654321:mfa/BobsMFADevice \
              --authentication-code1 123456 \
              --authentication-code2 789012

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Enabling  a Virtual MFA Device in the AWS
       Identity and Access Management User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           ENABLE-MFA-DEVICE()
