GENERATE-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()                      GENERATE-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()



NAME
       generate-credential-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  a credential report for the Amazon Web Services account. For
       more information about the credential report,  see  Getting  credential
       reports in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            generate-credential-report
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To generate a credential report

       The  following example attempts to generate a credential report for the
       AWS account:

          aws iam generate-credential-report

       Output:

          {
              "State":  "STARTED",
                  "Description": "No report exists. Starting a new report generation task"
          }

       For more information, see Getting Credential Reports for Your  AWS  Ac-
       count in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       State -> (string)
          Information about the state of the credential report.

       Description -> (string)
          Information about the credential report.



                                                  GENERATE-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()
