GENERATE-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS-REPORT()  GENERATE-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS-REPORT()



NAME
       generate-organizations-access-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  a  report  for service last accessed data for Organizations.
       You can generate a report for any entities (organization root,  organi-
       zational unit, or account) or policies in your organization.

       To  call this operation, you must be signed in using your Organizations
       management account credentials. You can use your long-term IAM user  or
       root  user  credentials,  or temporary credentials from assuming an IAM
       role. SCPs must be enabled for your organization root.  You  must  have
       the  required  IAM and Organizations permissions. For more information,
       see Refining permissions using service last accessed data  in  the  IAM
       User Guide .

       You  can  generate  a service last accessed data report for entities by
       specifying only the entity's path. This data includes a  list  of  ser-
       vices  that are allowed by any service control policies (SCPs) that ap-
       ply to the entity.

       You can generate a service last accessed data report for  a  policy  by
       specifying  an  entity's  path and an optional Organizations policy ID.
       This data includes a list of services that are allowed by the specified
       SCP.

       For  each  service in both report types, the data includes the most re-
       cent account activity that the policy allows to account  principals  in
       the  entity  or  the entity's children. For important information about
       the data, reporting period, permissions required, troubleshooting,  and
       supported  Regions see Reducing permissions using service last accessed
       data in the IAM User Guide .

       WARNING:
          The data includes all attempts to access Amazon  Web  Services,  not
          just  the successful ones. This includes all attempts that were made
          using the Amazon Web Services Management  Console,  the  Amazon  Web
          Services  API  through  any  of the SDKs, or any of the command line
          tools. An unexpected entry in the service last  accessed  data  does
          not  mean  that an account has been compromised, because the request
          might have been denied. Refer to your CloudTrail logs as the author-
          itative  source for information about all API calls and whether they
          were successful or denied access. For more information, see  Logging
          IAM events with CloudTrail in the IAM User Guide .

       This operation returns a JobId . Use this parameter in the ``  GetOrga-
       nizationsAccessReport `` operation to check the status  of  the  report
       generation.  To check the status of this request, use the JobId parame-
       ter in the ``  GetOrganizationsAccessReport `` operation and  test  the
       JobStatus  response  parameter.  When  the job is complete, you can re-
       trieve the report.

       To generate a service last accessed data report for  entities,  specify
       an entity path without specifying the optional Organizations policy ID.
       The type of entity that you specify determines the data returned in the
       report.

       o Root   When you specify the organizations root as the entity, the re-
         sulting report lists all of the services allowed by SCPs that are at-
         tached  to  your root. For each service, the report includes data for
         all accounts in your organization except the management account,  be-
         cause the management account is not limited by SCPs.

       o OU   When  you specify an organizational unit (OU) as the entity, the
         resulting report lists all of the services allowed by SCPs  that  are
         attached  to the OU and its parents. For each service, the report in-
         cludes data for all accounts in the OU or its children. This data ex-
         cludes  the management account, because the management account is not
         limited by SCPs.

       o management account  When you specify the management account, the  re-
         sulting  report  lists  all Amazon Web Services services, because the
         management account is not limited by SCPs. For each service, the  re-
         port includes data for only the management account.

       o Account   When you specify another account as the entity, the result-
         ing report lists all of the services allowed by  SCPs  that  are  at-
         tached  to  the account and its parents. For each service, the report
         includes data for only the specified account.

       To generate a service last accessed data report for  policies,  specify
       an  entity  path  and the optional Organizations policy ID. The type of
       entity that you specify determines the data returned for each service.

       o Root  When you specify the root entity and a policy ID, the resulting
         report  lists  all  of the services that are allowed by the specified
         SCP. For each service, the report includes data for all  accounts  in
         your  organization  to  which the SCP applies. This data excludes the
         management account, because the management account is not limited  by
         SCPs. If the SCP is not attached to any entities in the organization,
         then the report will return a list of services with no data.

       o OU  When you specify an OU entity and a policy ID, the resulting  re-
         port lists all of the services that are allowed by the specified SCP.
         For each service, the report includes data for all accounts in the OU
         or  its  children to which the SCP applies. This means that other ac-
         counts outside the OU that are affected by the SCP might not  be  in-
         cluded  in  the  data. This data excludes the management account, be-
         cause the management account is not limited by SCPs. If  the  SCP  is
         not attached to the OU or one of its children, the report will return
         a list of services with no data.

       o management account  When you specify the management account, the  re-
         sulting  report  lists  all Amazon Web Services services, because the
         management account is not limited by SCPs. If you specify a policy ID
         in  the  CLI or API, the policy is ignored. For each service, the re-
         port includes data for only the management account.

       o Account  When you specify another account entity and a policy ID, the
         resulting  report  lists  all of the services that are allowed by the
         specified SCP. For each service, the report includes  data  for  only
         the  specified account. This means that other accounts in the organi-
         zation that are affected by the SCP might  not  be  included  in  the
         data.  If the SCP is not attached to the account, the report will re-
         turn a list of services with no data.

       NOTE:
          Service last accessed data does not use other policy types when  de-
          termining  whether  a  principal could access a service. These other
          policy types include identity-based policies,  resource-based  poli-
          cies,  access control lists, IAM permissions boundaries, and STS as-
          sume role policies. It only applies SCP logic. For  more  about  the
          evaluation  of policy types, see Evaluating policies in the IAM User
          Guide .

       For more information about service last  accessed  data,  see  Reducing
       policy scope by viewing user activity in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            generate-organizations-access-report
          --entity-path <value>
          [--organizations-policy-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --entity-path (string)
          The path of the Organizations entity (root, OU, or account). You can
          build an entity path using the known structure of your organization.
          For  example,  assume  that  your account ID is 123456789012 and its
          parent OU ID is ou-rge0-awsabcde  .  The  organization  root  ID  is
          r-f6g7h8i9j0example  and your organization ID is o-a1b2c3d4e5 . Your
          entity        path         is         o-a1b2c3d4e5/r-f6g7h8i9j0exam-
          ple/ou-rge0-awsabcde/123456789012 .

       --organizations-policy-id (string)
          The  identifier  of  the Organizations service control policy (SCP).
          This parameter is optional.

          This ID is used to generate information about when an account  prin-
          cipal  that  is limited by the SCP attempted to access an Amazon Web
          Services service.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       Example 1: To generate an access report for a root in an organization

       The following  generate-organizations-access-report  example  starts  a
       background  job to create an access report for the specified root in an
       organization. You can display the report after it's created by  running
       the get-organizations-access-report command.

          aws iam generate-organizations-access-report \
              --entity-path o-4fxmplt198/r-c3xb

       Output:

          {
              "JobId": "a8b6c06f-aaa4-8xmp-28bc-81da71836359"
          }

       Example  2: To generate an access report for an account in an organiza-
       tion

       The following  generate-organizations-access-report  example  starts  a
       background  job  to create an access report for account ID 123456789012
       in the organization o-4fxmplt198. You can display the report after it's
       created by running the get-organizations-access-report command.

          aws iam generate-organizations-access-report \
              --entity-path o-4fxmplt198/r-c3xb/123456789012

       Output:

          {
              "JobId": "14b6c071-75f6-2xmp-fb77-faf6fb4201d2"
          }

       Example  3: To generate an access report for an account in an organiza-
       tional unit in an organization

       The following  generate-organizations-access-report  example  starts  a
       background  job  to create an access report for account ID 234567890123
       in organizational unit ou-c3xb-lmu7j2yg  in  the  organization  o-4fxm-
       plt198.  You  can  display the report after it's created by running the
       get-organizations-access-report command.:

          aws iam generate-organizations-access-report \
              --entity-path o-4fxmplt198/r-c3xb/ou-c3xb-lmu7j2yg/234567890123

       Output:

          {
              "JobId": "2eb6c2e6-0xmp-ec04-1425-c937916a64af"
          }

       To get details about roots and organizational units in  your  organiza-
       tion, use the organizations list-roots and organizations list-organiza-
       tional-units-for-parent commands.

OUTPUT
       JobId -> (string)
          The job identifier that you can use in the   GetOrganizationsAccess-
          Report operation.



                                        GENERATE-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS-REPORT()
