GET-USER()                                                          GET-USER()



NAME
       get-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  the  specified  IAM  user, including the
       user's creation date, path, unique ID, and ARN.

       If you do not specify a user name, IAM determines the user name implic-
       itly  based  on  the Amazon Web Services access key ID used to sign the
       request to this operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-user
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to get information about.

          This parameter is optional. If it is not included,  it  defaults  to
          the  user  making  the  request.  This parameter allows (through its
          regex pattern ) a string of characters consisting of upper and  low-
          ercase  alphanumeric characters with no spaces. You can also include
          any of the following characters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about an IAM user

       The  following  get-user  command  gets  information about the IAM user
       named Paulo:

          aws iam get-user --user-name Paulo

       Output:

          {
              "User": {
                  "UserName": "Paulo",
                  "Path": "/",
                  "CreateDate": "2019-09-21T23:03:13Z",
                  "UserId": "AIDA123456789EXAMPLE",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/Paulo"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Listing Users in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       User -> (structure)
          A structure containing details about the IAM user.

          WARNING:
              Due to a service issue, password last used data does not include
              password  use  from  May 3, 2018 22:50 PDT to May 23, 2018 14:08
              PDT. This affects last sign-in dates shown in  the  IAM  console
              and  password last used dates in the IAM credential report , and
              returned by this operation. If users signed in  during  the  af-
              fected time, the password last used date that is returned is the
              date the user last signed in before May 3, 2018. For users  that
              signed  in  after  May 23, 2018 14:08 PDT, the returned password
              last used date is accurate.

              You can use password last used information  to  identify  unused
              credentials  for  deletion.  For example, you might delete users
              who did not sign in to Amazon Web Services in the last 90  days.
              In cases like this, we recommend that you adjust your evaluation
              window to include dates after May 23,  2018.  Alternatively,  if
              your  users  use  access keys to access Amazon Web Services pro-
              grammatically you can refer to access key last used  information
              because it is accurate for all dates.

          Path -> (string)
              The  path to the user. For more information about paths, see IAM
              identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              The ARN of the policy used to set the permissions  boundary  for
              the user.

          UserName -> (string)
              The friendly name identifying the user.

          UserId -> (string)
              The  stable and unique string identifying the user. For more in-
              formation about IDs, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that  identifies  the  user.  For
              more information about ARNs and how to use ARNs in policies, see
              IAM Identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the  user
              was created.

          PasswordLastUsed -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and  time,  in  ISO  8601 date-time format , when the
              user's password was last used to sign in to an Amazon  Web  Ser-
              vices  website.  For a list of Amazon Web Services websites that
              capture a user's last sign-in time, see the  Credential  reports
              topic  in  the  IAM User Guide . If a password is used more than
              once in a five-minute span, only the first use  is  returned  in
              this  field.  If the field is null (no value), then it indicates
              that they never signed in with a password. This can be because:

              o The user never had a password.

              o A password exists but has not  been  used  since  IAM  started
                tracking this information on October 20, 2014.

              A  null  value does not mean that the user never had a password.
              Also, if the user does not currently have a password but had one
              in the past, then this field contains the date and time the most
              recent password was used.

              This value is returned only in the  GetUser and  ListUsers oper-
              ations.

          PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
              For   more   information   about   permissions  boundaries,  see
              Permissions boundaries for IAM identities in the IAM User  Guide
              .

              PermissionsBoundaryType -> (string)
                 The  permissions boundary usage type that indicates what type
                 of IAM resource is used as the permissions  boundary  for  an
                 entity. This data type can only have a value of Policy .

              PermissionsBoundaryArn -> (string)
                 The  ARN  of  the policy used to set the permissions boundary
                 for the user or role.

          Tags -> (list)
              A list of tags that are associated with the user. For  more  in-
              formation  about  tagging,  see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM
              User Guide .

              (structure)
                 A structure that represents user-provided metadata  that  can
                 be  associated  with  an  IAM  resource. For more information
                 about tagging, see Tagging IAM  resources  in  the  IAM  User
                 Guide .

                 Key -> (string)
                     The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the
                     associated value. For example, Department or Cost  Center
                     are common choices.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The  value  associated  with  this tag. For example, tags
                     with a key name of Department could have values  such  as
                     Human  Resources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a
                     key name of Cost Center might have values that consist of
                     the  number associated with the different cost centers in
                     your company. Typically, many resources  have  tags  with
                     the same key name but with different values.

                     NOTE:
                        Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as
                        a single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you
                        can  store  comma-separated values in the string. How-
                        ever, you must interpret the value in your code.



                                                                    GET-USER()
