GET-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()                                GET-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()



NAME
       get-credential-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a credential report for the Amazon Web Services account. For
       more information about the credential report,  see  Getting  credential
       reports in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-credential-report
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get a credential report

       This  example  opens the returned report and outputs it to the pipeline
       as an array of text lines:

          aws iam get-credential-report

       Output:

          {
              "GeneratedTime":  "2015-06-17T19:11:50Z",
                  "ReportFormat": "text/csv"
          }

       For more information, see Getting Credential Reports for Your  AWS  Ac-
       count in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       Content -> (blob)
          Contains the credential report. The report is Base64-encoded.

       ReportFormat -> (string)
          The format (MIME type) of the credential report.

       GeneratedTime -> (timestamp)
          The  date  and  time  when the credential report was created, in ISO
          8601 date-time format .



                                                       GET-CREDENTIAL-REPORT()
