GET-ACCESS-KEY-LAST-USED()                          GET-ACCESS-KEY-LAST-USED()



NAME
       get-access-key-last-used -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  about  when  the  specified access key was last
       used. The information includes the date and time  of  last  use,  along
       with  the Amazon Web Services service and Region that were specified in
       the last request made with that key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-access-key-last-used
          --access-key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --access-key-id (string)
          The identifier of an access key.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve information about when the specified access  key  was  last
       used

       The  following  example retrieves information about when the access key
       ABCDEXAMPLE was last used:

          aws iam get-access-key-last-used --access-key-id ABCDEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
            "UserName":  "Bob",
            "AccessKeyLastUsed": {
                "Region": "us-east-1",
                "ServiceName": "iam",
                "LastUsedDate": "2015-06-16T22:45:00Z"
            }
          }

       For more information, see Managing Access Keys for IAM Users in the Us-
       ing IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       UserName -> (string)
          The name of the IAM user that owns this access key.

       AccessKeyLastUsed -> (structure)
          Contains information about the last time the access key was used.

          LastUsedDate -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the ac-
              cess key was most recently used. This field is null in the  fol-
              lowing situations:

              o The user does not have an access key.

              o An  access  key  exists  but has not been used since IAM began
                tracking this information.

              o There is no sign-in data associated with the user.

          ServiceName -> (string)
              The name of the Amazon Web Services service with which this  ac-
              cess  key  was  most  recently  used. The value of this field is
              "N/A" in the following situations:

              o The user does not have an access key.

              o An access key exists but has not been used since  IAM  started
                tracking this information.

              o There is no sign-in data associated with the user.

          Region -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Web  Services Region where this access key was most
              recently used. The value for this field is "N/A" in the  follow-
              ing situations:

              o The user does not have an access key.

              o An  access  key  exists  but has not been used since IAM began
                tracking this information.

              o There is no sign-in data associated with the user.

              For more information about  Amazon  Web  Services  Regions,  see
              Regions  and endpoints in the Amazon Web Services General Refer-
              ence.



                                                    GET-ACCESS-KEY-LAST-USED()
