GET-LOGIN-PROFILE()                                        GET-LOGIN-PROFILE()



NAME
       get-login-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the user name for the specified IAM user. A login profile is
       created when you create a password for the user to  access  the  Amazon
       Web Services Management Console. If the user does not exist or does not
       have a password, the operation returns a 404 (NoSuchEntity ) error.

       If you create an IAM user with access to the  console,  the  CreateDate
       reflects the date you created the initial password for the user.

       If  you create an IAM user with programmatic access, and then later add
       a password for the user to access the Amazon  Web  Services  Management
       Console,  the CreateDate reflects the initial password creation date. A
       user with programmatic access does not have a login profile unless  you
       create  a  password for the user to access the Amazon Web Services Man-
       agement Console.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-login-profile
          --user-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose login profile you want to retrieve.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get password information for an IAM user

       The  following  get-login-profile  command  gets  information about the
       password for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam get-login-profile --user-name Bob

       Output:

          {
              "LoginProfile": {
                  "UserName": "Bob",
                  "CreateDate": "2012-09-21T23:03:39Z"
              }
          }

       The get-login-profile command can be used to verify that  an  IAM  user
       has a password. The command returns a NoSuchEntity error if no password
       is defined for the user.

       You cannot view a password using this command. If the password is lost,
       you  can reset the password (update-login-profile) for the user. Alter-
       natively, you can delete the login profile  (delete-login-profile)  for
       the user and then create a new one (create-login-profile).

       For more information, see Managing Passwords in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       LoginProfile -> (structure)
          A  structure  containing the user name and the profile creation date
          for the user.

          UserName -> (string)
              The name of the user, which can be used for signing  in  to  the
              Amazon Web Services Management Console.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the password for the user was created.

          PasswordResetRequired -> (boolean)
              Specifies  whether the user is required to set a new password on
              next sign-in.



                                                           GET-LOGIN-PROFILE()
