GET-USER-POLICY()                                            GET-USER-POLICY()



NAME
       get-user-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the specified inline policy document that is embedded in the
       specified IAM user.

       NOTE:
          Policies returned by this operation are URL-encoded  compliant  with
          RFC  3986  . You can use a URL decoding method to convert the policy
          back to plain JSON text. For example, if you use Java, you  can  use
          the  decode  method  of the java.net.URLDecoder utility class in the
          Java SDK. Other languages and SDKs provide similar functionality.

       An IAM user can also have managed policies attached to it. To  retrieve
       a managed policy document that is attached to a user, use  GetPolicy to
       determine the policy's default version. Then use   GetPolicyVersion  to
       retrieve the policy document.

       For  more  information  about policies, see Managed policies and inline
       policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-user-policy
          --user-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user who the policy is associated with.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy document to get.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list policy details for an IAM user

       The following get-user-policy command lists the details of  the  speci-
       fied policy that is attached to the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam get-user-policy --user-name Bob --policy-name ExamplePolicy

       Output:

          {
              "UserName": "Bob",
              "PolicyName": "ExamplePolicy",
              "PolicyDocument": {
                  "Version": "2012-10-17",
                  "Statement": [
                      {
                          "Action": "*",
                          "Resource": "*",
                          "Effect": "Allow"
                      }
                  ]
              }
          }

       To  get  a list of policies for an IAM user, use the list-user-policies
       command.

       For more information, see Adding a New User to Your AWS Account in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       UserName -> (string)
          The user the policy is associated with.

       PolicyName -> (string)
          The name of the policy.

       PolicyDocument -> (string)
          The policy document.

          IAM  stores  policies  in  JSON format. However, resources that were
          created using CloudFormation templates can  be  formatted  in  YAML.
          CloudFormation  always  converts a YAML policy to JSON format before
          submitting it to IAM.



                                                             GET-USER-POLICY()
