GET-SAML-PROVIDER()                                        GET-SAML-PROVIDER()



NAME
       get-saml-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  SAML provider metadocument that was uploaded when the IAM
       SAML provider resource object was created or updated.

       NOTE:
          This operation requires Signature Version 4 .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-saml-provider
          --saml-provider-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --saml-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SAML provider resource  object
          in IAM to get information about.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the SAML provider metadocument

       This  example  retrieves  the details about the SAML 2.0 provider whose
       ARM is arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS.  The  response
       includes  the metadata document that you got from the identity provider
       to create the AWS SAML provider entity as well as the creation and  ex-
       piration dates:

          aws iam get-saml-provider --saml-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS

       For more information, see Using SAML Providers in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       SAMLMetadataDocument -> (string)
          The  XML  metadata document that includes information about an iden-
          tity provider.

       CreateDate -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the SAML provider was created.

       ValidUntil -> (timestamp)
          The expiration date and time for the SAML provider.

       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags that are attached to the specified IAM SAML provider.
          The returned list of tags is sorted by tag key. For more information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.



                                                           GET-SAML-PROVIDER()
