GET-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()                  GET-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()



NAME
       get-open-id-connect-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the specified OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider
       resource object in IAM.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-open-id-connect-provider
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the OIDC provider resource  object
          in  IAM  to get information for. You can get a list of OIDC provider
          resource ARNs by using the  ListOpenIDConnectProviders operation.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To return information about the specified OpenID Connect provider

       This example returns details about the OpenID  Connect  provider  whose
       ARN is arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/server.example.com:

          aws iam get-open-id-connect-provider --open-id-connect-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/server.example.com

       Output:

          {
              "Url": "server.example.com"
                  "CreateDate": "2015-06-16T19:41:48Z",
                  "ThumbprintList": [
                                "12345abcdefghijk67890lmnopqrst987example"
                          ],
                  "ClientIDList": [
                                "example-application-ID"
                          ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Using OpenID Connect Identity Providers in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       Url -> (string)
          The URL that the IAM OIDC provider  resource  object  is  associated
          with. For more information, see  CreateOpenIDConnectProvider .

       ClientIDList -> (list)
          A  list  of client IDs (also known as audiences) that are associated
          with the specified IAM OIDC provider resource object. For  more  in-
          formation, see  CreateOpenIDConnectProvider .

          (string)

       ThumbprintList -> (list)
          A list of certificate thumbprints that are associated with the spec-
          ified IAM OIDC provider resource object. For more  information,  see
          CreateOpenIDConnectProvider .

          (string)
              Contains a thumbprint for an identity provider's server certifi-
              cate.

              The identity provider's server  certificate  thumbprint  is  the
              hex-encoded  SHA-1  hash value of the self-signed X.509 certifi-
              cate. This thumbprint is used by the  domain  where  the  OpenID
              Connect provider makes its keys available. The thumbprint is al-
              ways a 40-character string.

       CreateDate -> (timestamp)
          The date and time when the IAM OIDC  provider  resource  object  was
          created in the Amazon Web Services account.

       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags that are attached to the specified IAM OIDC provider.
          The returned list of tags is sorted by tag key. For more information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.



                                                GET-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()
