LIST-USER-POLICIES()                                      LIST-USER-POLICIES()



NAME
       list-user-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  names  of the inline policies embedded in the specified IAM
       user.

       An IAM user can also have managed policies attached to it. To list  the
       managed  policies  that  are attached to a user, use  ListAttachedUser-
       Policies . For more information about policies,  see  Managed  policies
       and inline policies in the IAM User Guide .

       You  can paginate the results using the MaxItems and Marker parameters.
       If there are no inline policies embedded with the specified  user,  the
       operation returns an empty list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-user-policies  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: PolicyNames

SYNOPSIS
            list-user-policies
          --user-name <value>
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to list policies for.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list policies for an IAM user

       The following list-user-policies command lists the  policies  that  are
       attached to the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam list-user-policies --user-name Bob

       Output:

          "PolicyNames": [
              "ExamplePolicy",
              "TestPolicy"
          ]

       For  more information, see Adding a New User to Your AWS Account in the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       PolicyNames -> (list)
          A list of policy names.

          (string)

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more  items  to  return.  If
          your  results  were  truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination
          request using the Marker request parameter to retrieve  more  items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even when there are more results available. We  recommend  that  you
          check  IsTruncated  after  every call to ensure that you receive all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains  the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                          LIST-USER-POLICIES()
