LIST-SIGNING-CERTIFICATES()                        LIST-SIGNING-CERTIFICATES()



NAME
       list-signing-certificates -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the signing certificates associated with the
       specified IAM user. If none exists,  the  operation  returns  an  empty
       list.

       Although  each  user  is  limited to a small number of signing certifi-
       cates, you can still paginate the results using the MaxItems and Marker
       parameters.

       If the UserName field is not specified, the user name is determined im-
       plicitly based on the Amazon Web Services access key ID  used  to  sign
       the  request  for  this operation. This operation works for access keys
       under the Amazon Web Services account. Consequently, you can  use  this
       operation  to  manage Amazon Web Services account root user credentials
       even if the Amazon Web Services account has no associated users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-signing-certificates is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Certificates

SYNOPSIS
            list-signing-certificates
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The  name of the IAM user whose signing certificates you want to ex-
          amine.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the signing certificates for an IAM user

       The following list-signing-certificates command lists the signing  cer-
       tificates for the IAM user named Bob.

          aws iam list-signing-certificates \
              --user-name Bob

       Output:

          {
              "Certificates": [
                  {
                      "UserName": "Bob",
                      "Status": "Inactive",
                      "CertificateBody": "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----<certificate-body>-----END CERTIFICATE-----",
                      "CertificateId": "TA7SMP42TDN5Z26OBPJE7EXAMPLE",
                      "UploadDate": "2013-06-06T21:40:08Z"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Creating and Uploading a User Signing Cer-
       tificate in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       Certificates -> (list)
          A list of the user's signing certificate information.

          (structure)
              Contains information about an X.509 signing certificate.

              This data type is used as a response element in the  UploadSign-
              ingCertificate and  ListSigningCertificates operations.

              UserName -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the user the signing certificate is associated
                 with.

              CertificateId -> (string)
                 The ID for the signing certificate.

              CertificateBody -> (string)
                 The contents of the signing certificate.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the signing certificate. Active means that  the
                 key is valid for API calls, while Inactive means it is not.

              UploadDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the signing certificate was uploaded.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag  that  indicates  whether there are more items to return. If
          your results were truncated, you can make  a  subsequent  pagination
          request  using  the Marker request parameter to retrieve more items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even  when  there  are more results available. We recommend that you
          check IsTruncated after every call to ensure that  you  receive  all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When  IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                   LIST-SIGNING-CERTIFICATES()
