LIST-GROUPS()                                                    LIST-GROUPS()



NAME
       list-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the IAM groups that have the specified path prefix.

       You can paginate the results using the MaxItems and Marker parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-groups  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Groups

SYNOPSIS
            list-groups
          [--path-prefix <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --path-prefix (string)
          The path prefix for filtering the results. For example,  the  prefix
          /division_abc/subdivision_xyz/  gets  all  groups  whose path starts
          with /division_abc/subdivision_xyz/ .

          This parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to  a
          slash  (/),  listing  all groups. This parameter allows (through its
          regex pattern ) a string of characters consisting of either  a  for-
          ward  slash  (/)  by itself or a string that must begin and end with
          forward slashes. In addition, it can  contain  any  ASCII  character
          from  the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL character (\u007F ), including
          most punctuation characters, digits, and upper and  lowercased  let-
          ters.

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the IAM groups for the current account

       The following list-groups command lists the IAM groups in  the  current
       account:

          aws iam list-groups

       Output:

          "Groups": [
            {
                "Path": "/",
                "CreateDate": "2013-06-04T20:27:27.972Z",
                "GroupId": "AIDACKCEVSQ6C2EXAMPLE",
                "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/Admins",
                "GroupName": "Admins"
            },
            {
                "Path": "/",
                "CreateDate": "2013-04-16T20:30:42Z",
                "GroupId": "AIDGPMS9RO4H3FEXAMPLE",
                "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/S3-Admins",
                "GroupName": "S3-Admins"
            }
          ]

       For  more information, see Creating and Listing Groups in the Using IAM
       guide.

OUTPUT
       Groups -> (list)
          A list of groups.

          (structure)
              Contains information about an IAM group entity.

              This data type is used as a response element  in  the  following
              operations:

              o CreateGroup

              o GetGroup

              o ListGroups

              Path -> (string)
                 The  path to the group. For more information about paths, see
                 IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              GroupName -> (string)
                 The friendly name that identifies the group.

              GroupId -> (string)
                 The stable and unique string identifying the group. For  more
                 information  about  IDs,  see IAM identifiers in the IAM User
                 Guide .

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the group. For more
                 information  about  ARNs and how to use them in policies, see
                 IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format  ,  when  the
                 group was created.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag  that  indicates  whether there are more items to return. If
          your results were truncated, you can make  a  subsequent  pagination
          request  using  the Marker request parameter to retrieve more items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even  when  there  are more results available. We recommend that you
          check IsTruncated after every call to ensure that  you  receive  all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When  IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                                 LIST-GROUPS()
