LIST-SAML-PROVIDER-TAGS()                            LIST-SAML-PROVIDER-TAGS()



NAME
       list-saml-provider-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  tags  that are attached to the specified Security Assertion
       Markup Language (SAML) identity provider. The returned list of tags  is
       sorted  by tag key. For more information, see About SAML 2.0-based fed-
       eration .

       For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM  resources  in  the
       IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-saml-provider-tags
          --saml-provider-arn <value>
          [--marker <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --saml-provider-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity
          provider whose tags you want to see.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --marker (string)
          Use  this  parameter only when paginating results and only after you
          receive a response indicating that the results are truncated. Set it
          to the value of the Marker element in the response that you received
          to indicate where the next call should start.

       --max-items (integer)
          Use this only when paginating results to indicate the maximum number
          of  items you want in the response. If additional items exist beyond
          the maximum you specify, the IsTruncated response element is true .

          If you do not include this parameter, the number of  items  defaults
          to  100.  Note  that IAM might return fewer results, even when there
          are more results available. In that case, the  IsTruncated  response
          element returns true , and Marker contains a value to include in the
          subsequent call that tells the service where to continue from.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The list of tags that are currently attached to the Security  Asser-
          tion  Markup Language (SAML) identity provider. Each tag consists of
          a key name and an associated value. If no tags are attached  to  the
          specified resource, the response contains an empty list.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more  items  to  return.  If
          your  results  were  truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination
          request using the Marker request parameter to retrieve  more  items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even when there are more results available. We  recommend  that  you
          check  IsTruncated  after  every call to ensure that you receive all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains  the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                     LIST-SAML-PROVIDER-TAGS()
