LIST-ACCOUNT-ALIASES()                                  LIST-ACCOUNT-ALIASES()



NAME
       list-account-aliases -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the account alias associated with the Amazon Web Services account
       (Note: you can have only one). For information about  using  an  Amazon
       Web Services account alias, see Using an alias for your Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account ID in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-account-aliases is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: AccountAliases

SYNOPSIS
            list-account-aliases
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list account aliases

       The following list-account-aliases command lists the  aliases  for  the
       current account:

          aws iam list-account-aliases

       Output:

          "AccountAliases": [
            "mycompany"
          ]

       For more information, see Using an Alias for Your AWS Account ID in the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       AccountAliases -> (list)
          A list of aliases associated with the account. Amazon  Web  Services
          supports only one alias per account.

          (string)

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag  that  indicates  whether there are more items to return. If
          your results were truncated, you can make  a  subsequent  pagination
          request  using  the Marker request parameter to retrieve more items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even  when  there  are more results available. We recommend that you
          check IsTruncated after every call to ensure that  you  receive  all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When  IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                        LIST-ACCOUNT-ALIASES()
