LIST-USER-TAGS()                                              LIST-USER-TAGS()



NAME
       list-user-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  tags  that  are attached to the specified IAM user. The re-
       turned list of tags is sorted by tag key. For  more  information  about
       tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-user-tags  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-user-tags
          --user-name <value>
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the IAM user whose tags you want to see.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags attached to a user

       The following list-user-tags command retrieves the list of tags associ-
       ated with the specified IAM user.

            aws iam list-user-tags --user-name alice

            Output::
          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Department",
                      "Value": "Accounting"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "DeptID",
                      "Value": "12345"
                  }
              ],
              "IsTruncated": false
          }

       For more information, see Tagging IAM Entities  in  the  AWS  IAM  User
       Guide

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The  list  of tags that are currently attached to the user. Each tag
          consists of a key name and an associated value. If no tags  are  at-
          tached  to  the  specified  resource, the response contains an empty
          list.

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag  that  indicates  whether there are more items to return. If
          your results were truncated, you can make  a  subsequent  pagination
          request  using  the Marker request parameter to retrieve more items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even  when  there  are more results available. We recommend that you
          check IsTruncated after every call to ensure that  you  receive  all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When  IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                              LIST-USER-TAGS()
