LIST-ROLE-TAGS()                                              LIST-ROLE-TAGS()



NAME
       list-role-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  tags  that are attached to the specified role. The returned
       list of tags is sorted by tag key. For more information about  tagging,
       see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-role-tags
          --role-name <value>
          [--marker <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the IAM role for which you want to see the list of tags.

          This  parameter  accepts  (through  its  regex pattern ) a string of
          characters that consist of upper and lowercase alphanumeric  charac-
          ters with no spaces. You can also include any of the following char-
          acters: _+=,.@-

       --marker (string)
          Use this parameter only when paginating results and only  after  you
          receive a response indicating that the results are truncated. Set it
          to the value of the Marker element in the response that you received
          to indicate where the next call should start.

       --max-items (integer)
          Use this only when paginating results to indicate the maximum number
          of items you want in the response. If additional items exist  beyond
          the maximum you specify, the IsTruncated response element is true .

          If  you  do not include this parameter, the number of items defaults
          to 100. Note that IAM might return fewer results,  even  when  there
          are  more  results available. In that case, the IsTruncated response
          element returns true , and Marker contains a value to include in the
          subsequent call that tells the service where to continue from.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags attached to a role

       The following list-role-tags command retrieves the list of tags associ-
       ated with the specified role.

            aws iam list-role-tags --role-name production-role

            Output::
          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "Department",
                      "Value": "Accounting"
                  },
                  {
                      "Key": "DeptID",
                      "Value": "12345"
                  }
              ],
              "IsTruncated": false
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Tagging  IAM Entities in the AWS IAM User
       Guide

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The list of tags that are currently attached to the role.  Each  tag
          consists  of  a key name and an associated value. If no tags are at-
          tached to the specified resource, the  response  contains  an  empty
          list.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more  items  to  return.  If
          your  results  were  truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination
          request using the Marker request parameter to retrieve  more  items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even when there are more results available. We  recommend  that  you
          check  IsTruncated  after  every call to ensure that you receive all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains  the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                              LIST-ROLE-TAGS()
