LIST-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICES()                          LIST-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICES()



NAME
       list-virtual-mfa-devices -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  virtual  MFA devices defined in the Amazon Web Services ac-
       count by assignment status. If you do not specify an assignment status,
       the  operation  returns  a  list of all virtual MFA devices. Assignment
       status can be Assigned , Unassigned , or Any .

       NOTE:
          IAM resource-listing operations return a subset of the available at-
          tributes  for the resource. For example, this operation does not re-
          turn tags, even though they are an attribute of the returned object.
          To view tag information for a virtual MFA device, see  ListMFADevic-
          eTags .

       You can paginate the results using the MaxItems and Marker parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-virtual-mfa-devices is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: VirtualMFADevices

SYNOPSIS
            list-virtual-mfa-devices
          [--assignment-status <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assignment-status (string)
          The  status (Unassigned or Assigned ) of the devices to list. If you
          do not specify an AssignmentStatus , the operation defaults to Any ,
          which lists both assigned and unassigned virtual MFA devices.,

          Possible values:

          o Assigned

          o Unassigned

          o Any

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list virtual MFA devices

       The following list-virtual-mfa-devices command lists  the  virtual  MFA
       devices that have been configured for the current account.

          aws iam list-virtual-mfa-devices

       Output:

          {
              "VirtualMFADevices": [
                  {
                      "SerialNumber": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/ExampleMFADevice"
                  },
                  {
                      "SerialNumber": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/Fred"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Enabling a virtual multi-factor authentica-
       tion (MFA) device in the AWS IAM User Guide.

OUTPUT
       VirtualMFADevices -> (list)
          The list of virtual MFA devices in the current  account  that  match
          the AssignmentStatus value that was passed in the request.

          (structure)
              Contains information about a virtual MFA device.

              SerialNumber -> (string)
                 The serial number associated with VirtualMFADevice .

              Base32StringSeed -> (blob)
                 The  base32  seed  defined  as  specified  in  RFC3548  . The
                 Base32StringSeed is base32-encoded.

              QRCodePNG -> (blob)
                 A QR code PNG image  that  encodes  otpauth://totp/$virtualM-
                 FADeviceName@$AccountName?secret=$Base32String   where  $vir-
                 tualMFADeviceName is one of the create  call  arguments.  Ac-
                 countName  is the user name if set (otherwise, the account ID
                 otherwise), and Base32String is the seed  in  base32  format.
                 The Base32String value is base64-encoded.

              User -> (structure)
                 The IAM user associated with this virtual MFA device.

                 Path -> (string)
                     The  path  to the user. For more information about paths,
                     see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

                     The ARN of the policy used to set the permissions  bound-
                     ary for the user.

                 UserName -> (string)
                     The friendly name identifying the user.

                 UserId -> (string)
                     The  stable  and  unique string identifying the user. For
                     more information about IDs, see IAM  identifiers  in  the
                     IAM User Guide .

                 Arn -> (string)
                     The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the user.
                     For more information about ARNs and how to  use  ARNs  in
                     policies, see IAM Identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

                 CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                     The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when
                     the user was created.

                 PasswordLastUsed -> (timestamp)
                     The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time  format  ,  when
                     the user's password was last used to sign in to an Amazon
                     Web Services website. For a list of Amazon  Web  Services
                     websites that capture a user's last sign-in time, see the
                     Credential reports topic in the IAM User  Guide  .  If  a
                     password  is  used  more than once in a five-minute span,
                     only the first use is returned  in  this  field.  If  the
                     field  is  null  (no  value), then it indicates that they
                     never signed in with a password. This can be because:

                     o The user never had a password.

                     o A password exists but  has  not  been  used  since  IAM
                       started tracking this information on October 20, 2014.

                     A  null  value  does  not  mean that the user never had a
                     password. Also, if the user does  not  currently  have  a
                     password  but  had  one in the past, then this field con-
                     tains the date and time  the  most  recent  password  was
                     used.

                     This  value  is  returned  only in the  GetUser and  Lis-
                     tUsers operations.

                 PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
                     For more information about  permissions  boundaries,  see
                     Permissions boundaries for IAM identities in the IAM User
                     Guide .

                     PermissionsBoundaryType -> (string)
                        The permissions boundary  usage  type  that  indicates
                        what  type  of IAM resource is used as the permissions
                        boundary for an entity. This data type can only have a
                        value of Policy .

                     PermissionsBoundaryArn -> (string)
                        The  ARN  of  the  policy  used to set the permissions
                        boundary for the user or role.

                 Tags -> (list)
                     A list of tags that are associated  with  the  user.  For
                     more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources
                     in the IAM User Guide .

                     (structure)
                        A structure  that  represents  user-provided  metadata
                        that  can be associated with an IAM resource. For more
                        information about tagging, see Tagging  IAM  resources
                        in the IAM User Guide .

                        Key -> (string)
                            The  key  name  that can be used to look up or re-
                            trieve the associated value. For example,  Depart-
                            ment or Cost Center are common choices.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The  value  associated with this tag. For example,
                            tags with a key name of Department could have val-
                            ues  such  as  Human  Resources , Accounting , and
                            Support . Tags with a  key  name  of  Cost  Center
                            might have values that consist of the number asso-
                            ciated with the different  cost  centers  in  your
                            company.  Typically, many resources have tags with
                            the same key name but with different values.

                            NOTE:
                               Amazon Web Services always interprets  the  tag
                               Value  as a single string. If you need to store
                               an array, you can store comma-separated  values
                               in  the string. However, you must interpret the
                               value in your code.

              EnableDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time on which the virtual  MFA  device  was  en-
                 abled.

              Tags -> (list)
                 A  list  of tags that are attached to the virtual MFA device.
                 For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources
                 in the IAM User Guide .

                 (structure)
                     A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that
                     can be associated with an IAM resource. For more informa-
                     tion  about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM
                     User Guide .

                     Key -> (string)
                        The key name that can be used to look up  or  retrieve
                        the  associated value. For example, Department or Cost
                        Center are common choices.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value associated with this tag. For example,  tags
                        with  a  key name of Department could have values such
                        as Human Resources , Accounting , and Support  .  Tags
                        with  a key name of Cost Center might have values that
                        consist of the number associated  with  the  different
                        cost  centers  in  your  company.  Typically, many re-
                        sources have tags with the same key name but with dif-
                        ferent values.

                        NOTE:
                            Amazon  Web  Services  always  interprets  the tag
                            Value as a single string. If you need to store  an
                            array, you can store comma-separated values in the
                            string. However, you must interpret the  value  in
                            your code.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A  flag  that  indicates  whether there are more items to return. If
          your results were truncated, you can make  a  subsequent  pagination
          request  using  the Marker request parameter to retrieve more items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even  when  there  are more results available. We recommend that you
          check IsTruncated after every call to ensure that  you  receive  all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When  IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                    LIST-VIRTUAL-MFA-DEVICES()
