LIST-GROUPS-FOR-USER()                                  LIST-GROUPS-FOR-USER()



NAME
       list-groups-for-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the IAM groups that the specified IAM user belongs to.

       You can paginate the results using the MaxItems and Marker parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-groups-for-user  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Groups

SYNOPSIS
            list-groups-for-user
          --user-name <value>
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to list groups for.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the groups that an IAM user belongs to

       The following list-groups-for-user command displays the groups that the
       IAM user named Bob belongs to:

          aws iam list-groups-for-user --user-name Bob

       Output:

          "Groups": [
              {
                  "Path": "/",
                  "CreateDate": "2013-05-06T01:18:08Z",
                  "GroupId": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/Admin",
                  "GroupName": "Admin"
              },
              {
                  "Path": "/",
                  "CreateDate": "2013-05-06T01:37:28Z",
                  "GroupId": "AKIAI44QH8DHBEXAMPLE",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/s3-Users",
                  "GroupName": "s3-Users"
              }
          ]

       For more information, see Creating and Listing Groups in the Using  IAM
       guide.

OUTPUT
       Groups -> (list)
          A list of groups.

          (structure)
              Contains information about an IAM group entity.

              This  data  type  is used as a response element in the following
              operations:

              o CreateGroup

              o GetGroup

              o ListGroups

              Path -> (string)
                 The path to the group. For more information about paths,  see
                 IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              GroupName -> (string)
                 The friendly name that identifies the group.

              GroupId -> (string)
                 The  stable and unique string identifying the group. For more
                 information about IDs, see IAM identifiers in  the  IAM  User
                 Guide .

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the group. For more
                 information about ARNs and how to use them in  policies,  see
                 IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

              CreateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and  time, in ISO 8601 date-time format , when the
                 group was created.

       IsTruncated -> (boolean)
          A flag that indicates whether there are more  items  to  return.  If
          your  results  were  truncated, you can make a subsequent pagination
          request using the Marker request parameter to retrieve  more  items.
          Note that IAM might return fewer than the MaxItems number of results
          even when there are more results available. We  recommend  that  you
          check  IsTruncated  after  every call to ensure that you receive all
          your results.

       Marker -> (string)
          When IsTruncated is true , this element is present and contains  the
          value to use for the Marker parameter in a subsequent pagination re-
          quest.



                                                        LIST-GROUPS-FOR-USER()
