PUT-ROLE-POLICY()                                            PUT-ROLE-POLICY()



NAME
       put-role-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds or updates an inline policy document that is embedded in the spec-
       ified IAM role.

       When you embed an inline policy in a role, the inline policy is used as
       part of the role's access (permissions) policy. The role's trust policy
       is created at the same time as the role, using  CreateRole  .  You  can
       update  a  role's trust policy using  UpdateAssumeRolePolicy . For more
       information about IAM roles, see Using roles  to  delegate  permissions
       and federate identities .

       A  role can also have a managed policy attached to it. To attach a man-
       aged policy to a role, use  AttachRolePolicy . To create a new  managed
       policy, use  CreatePolicy . For information about policies, see Managed
       policies and inline policies in the IAM User Guide .

       For information about the maximum number of inline  policies  that  you
       can embed with a role, see IAM and STS quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          Because  policy  documents  can be large, you should use POST rather
          than GET when calling PutRolePolicy . For general information  about
          using  the  Query API with IAM, see Making query requests in the IAM
          User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-role-policy
          --role-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          --policy-document <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role to associate the policy with.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy document.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-document (string)
          The policy document.

          You must provide policies in JSON format in IAM. However, for Cloud-
          Formation templates formatted in YAML, you can provide the policy in
          JSON or YAML format. CloudFormation always converts a YAML policy to
          JSON format before submitting it to IAM.

          The  regex  pattern  used  to validate this parameter is a string of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any printable ASCII character ranging  from  the  space  character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The special characters tab (\u0009 ), line  feed  (\u000A  ),  and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a permissions policy to an IAM role

       The  following put-role-policy command adds a permissions policy to the
       role named Test-Role:

          aws iam put-role-policy --role-name Test-Role --policy-name ExamplePolicy --policy-document file://AdminPolicy.json

       The policy is defined as a JSON document in the AdminPolicy.json  file.
       (The file name and extension do not have significance.)

       To  attach  a trust policy to a role, use the update-assume-role-policy
       command.

       For more information, see Creating a Role in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             PUT-ROLE-POLICY()
