PUT-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()                PUT-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()



NAME
       put-role-permissions-boundary -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or updates the policy that is specified as the IAM role's permis-
       sions boundary. You can use an Amazon Web Services managed policy or  a
       customer  managed policy to set the boundary for a role. Use the bound-
       ary to control the maximum permissions that the role can have.  Setting
       a  permissions boundary is an advanced feature that can affect the per-
       missions for the role.

       You cannot set the boundary for a service-linked role.

       WARNING:
          Policies used as permissions boundaries do not provide  permissions.
          You  must also attach a permissions policy to the role. To learn how
          the effective permissions for a role are  evaluated,  see  IAM  JSON
          policy evaluation logic in the IAM User Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-role-permissions-boundary
          --role-name <value>
          --permissions-boundary <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the IAM role for which you want
          to set the permissions boundary.

       --permissions-boundary (string)
          The ARN of the policy that is used to set the  permissions  boundary
          for the role.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To apply a permissions boundary based on a custom policy to an IAM role

       The  following put-role-permissions-boundary example applies the custom
       policy named intern-boundary as the permissions boundary for the speci-
       fied IAM role.

          aws iam put-role-permissions-boundary \
              --permissions-boundary arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/intern-boundary \
              --role-name lambda-application-role

       This command produces no output.

       To  apply  a  permissions boundary based on an AWS managed policy to an
       IAM role

       The following put-role-permissions-boundary  example  applies  the  AWS
       managed  PowerUserAccess  policy  as  the  permissions boundary for the
       specified IAM role .

          aws iam put-role-permissions-boundary \
              --permissions-boundary arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/PowerUserAccess \
              --role-name x-account-admin

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               PUT-ROLE-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY()
