PUT-USER-POLICY()                                            PUT-USER-POLICY()



NAME
       put-user-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds or updates an inline policy document that is embedded in the spec-
       ified IAM user.

       An IAM user can also have a managed policy attached to it. To attach  a
       managed  policy to a user, use  AttachUserPolicy . To create a new man-
       aged policy, use  CreatePolicy . For information  about  policies,  see
       Managed policies and inline policies in the IAM User Guide .

       For  information  about  the maximum number of inline policies that you
       can embed in a user, see IAM and STS quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          Because policy documents can be large, you should  use  POST  rather
          than  GET when calling PutUserPolicy . For general information about
          using the Query API with IAM, see Making query requests in  the  IAM
          User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-user-policy
          --user-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          --policy-document <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to associate the policy with.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy document.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-document (string)
          The policy document.

          You must provide policies in JSON format in IAM. However, for Cloud-
          Formation templates formatted in YAML, you can provide the policy in
          JSON or YAML format. CloudFormation always converts a YAML policy to
          JSON format before submitting it to IAM.

          The regex pattern used to validate this parameter  is  a  string  of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any  printable  ASCII  character  ranging from the space character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The  special  characters  tab  (\u0009 ), line feed (\u000A ), and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a policy to an IAM user

       The following put-user-policy command attaches a policy to the IAM user
       named Bob:

          aws iam put-user-policy --user-name Bob --policy-name ExamplePolicy --policy-document file://AdminPolicy.json

       The  policy is defined as a JSON document in the AdminPolicy.json file.
       (The file name and extension do not have significance.)

       For more information, see Adding a New User to Your AWS Account in  the
       Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             PUT-USER-POLICY()
