REMOVE-CLIENT-ID-FROM-OPEN-ID-REMOVE-CLIENT-ID-FROM-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()



NAME
       remove-client-id-from-open-id-connect-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the specified client ID (also known as audience) from the list
       of client IDs registered for the specified IAM  OpenID  Connect  (OIDC)
       provider resource object.

       This  operation  is  idempotent; it does not fail or return an error if
       you try to remove a client ID that does not exist.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-client-id-from-open-id-connect-provider
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          --client-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM OIDC provider resource  to
          remove  the client ID from. You can get a list of OIDC provider ARNs
          by using the  ListOpenIDConnectProviders operation.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --client-id (string)
          The  client  ID (also known as audience) to remove from the IAM OIDC
          provider resource. For more information about client IDs, see   Cre-
          ateOpenIDConnectProvider .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To  remove  the  specified client ID from the list of client IDs regis-
       tered for the specified IAM OpenID Connect provider

       This example removes the client ID My-TestApp-3 from the list of client
       IDs   associated   with   the   IAM   OIDC   provider   whose   ARN  is
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/example.oidcprovider.com:

          aws iam remove-client-id-from-open-id-connect-provider --client-id My-TestApp-3 --open-id-connect-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/example.oidcprovider.com

       For more information, see Using OpenID Connect  Identity  Providers  in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                              REMOVE-CLIENT-ID-FROM-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()
