REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-INSTANCE-PROFILE()        REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-INSTANCE-PROFILE()



NAME
       remove-role-from-instance-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified IAM role from the specified EC2 instance profile.

       WARNING:
          Make sure that you do not have any Amazon EC2 instances running with
          the role you are about to remove from the instance profile. Removing
          a  role  from  an instance profile that is associated with a running
          instance might break any applications running on the instance.

       For more information about IAM roles, see Working with roles . For more
       information about instance profiles, see About instance profiles .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-role-from-instance-profile
          --instance-profile-name <value>
          --role-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-profile-name (string)
          The name of the instance profile to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role to remove.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove a role from an instance profile

       The  following  remove-role-from-instance-profile  command  removes the
       role named Test-Role from the instance profile  named  ExampleInstance-
       Profile:

          aws iam remove-role-from-instance-profile --instance-profile-name ExampleInstanceProfile --role-name Test-Role

       For more information, see Instance Profiles in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           REMOVE-ROLE-FROM-INSTANCE-PROFILE()
