RESYNC-MFA-DEVICE()                                        RESYNC-MFA-DEVICE()



NAME
       resync-mfa-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Synchronizes  the  specified MFA device with its IAM resource object on
       the Amazon Web Services servers.

       For more information about creating and working with  virtual  MFA  de-
       vices, see Using a virtual MFA device in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resync-mfa-device
          --user-name <value>
          --serial-number <value>
          --authentication-code1 <value>
          --authentication-code2 <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose MFA device you want to resynchronize.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --serial-number (string)
          Serial number that uniquely identifies the MFA device.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --authentication-code1 (string)
          An authentication code emitted by the device.

          The format for this parameter is a sequence of six digits.

       --authentication-code2 (string)
          A subsequent authentication code emitted by the device.

          The format for this parameter is a sequence of six digits.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To synchronize an MFA device

       The  following  resync-mfa-device  example  synchronizes the MFA device
       that  is  associated  with  the  IAM  user  Bob  and   whose   ARN   is
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:mfa/BobsMFADevice  with an authenticator pro-
       gram that provided the two authentication codes.

          aws iam resync-mfa-device \
              --user-name Bob \
              --serial-number arn:aws:iam::210987654321:mfa/BobsMFADevice \
              --authentication-code1 123456 \
              --authentication-code2 987654

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using Multi-Factor Authentication  (MFA)  De-
       vices in AWS in the AWS Identity and Access Management User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           RESYNC-MFA-DEVICE()
