SET-DEFAULT-POLICY-VERSION()                      SET-DEFAULT-POLICY-VERSION()



NAME
       set-default-policy-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the specified version of the specified policy as the policy's de-
       fault (operative) version.

       This operation affects all users, groups, and roles that the policy  is
       attached  to.  To  list the users, groups, and roles that the policy is
       attached to, use  ListEntitiesForPolicy .

       For information about managed policies, see Managed policies and inline
       policies in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-default-policy-version
          --policy-arn <value>
          --version-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM policy whose default ver-
          sion you want to set.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --version-id (string)
          The version of the policy to set as the default (operative) version.

          For  more  information about managed policy versions, see Versioning
          for managed policies in the IAM User Guide .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To set the specified version of the specified policy  as  the  policy's
       default version.

       This   example  sets  the  v2  version  of  the  policy  whose  ARN  is
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/MyPolicy as the  default  active  ver-
       sion:

          aws iam set-default-policy-version --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:policy/MyPolicy --version-id v2

       For  more  information,  see  Overview of IAM Policies in the Using IAM
       guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  SET-DEFAULT-POLICY-VERSION()
