SET-SECURITY-TOKEN-SERVICE-PREFERENCESSET-SECURITY-TOKEN-SERVICE-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       set-security-token-service-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the  specified  version of the global endpoint token as the token
       version used for the Amazon Web Services account.

       By default, Security Token Service (STS) is available as a global  ser-
       vice,  and all STS requests go to a single endpoint at https://sts.ama-
       zonaws.com . Amazon Web Services recommends  using  Regional  STS  end-
       points to reduce latency, build in redundancy, and increase session to-
       ken availability. For information about Regional endpoints for STS, see
       Security  Token Service endpoints and quotas in the Amazon Web Services
       General Reference .

       If you make an STS call to the global endpoint, the  resulting  session
       tokens might be valid in some Regions but not others. It depends on the
       version that is set in this operation. Version 1 tokens are valid  only
       in Amazon Web Services Regions that are available by default. These to-
       kens do not work in manually enabled  Regions,  such  as  Asia  Pacific
       (Hong  Kong).  Version 2 tokens are valid in all Regions. However, ver-
       sion 2 tokens are longer and might affect systems where you temporarily
       store  tokens.  For information, see Activating and deactivating STS in
       an Amazon Web Services Region in the IAM User Guide .

       To view the current session token version, see the GlobalEndpointToken-
       Version entry in the response of the  GetAccountSummary operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-security-token-service-preferences
          --global-endpoint-token-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --global-endpoint-token-version (string)
          The version of the global endpoint token. Version 1 tokens are valid
          only in Amazon Web Services Regions that are available  by  default.
          These  tokens  do not work in manually enabled Regions, such as Asia
          Pacific (Hong Kong). Version 2 tokens are valid in all Regions. How-
          ever, version 2 tokens are longer and might affect systems where you
          temporarily store tokens.

          For information, see Activating and deactivating STS  in  an  Amazon
          Web Services Region in the IAM User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o v1Token

          o v2Token

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the global endpoint token version

       The following set-security-token-service-preferences example configures
       Amazon  STS  to  use version 2 tokens when you authenticate against the
       global endpoint.

          aws iam set-security-token-service-preferences \
              --global-endpoint-token-version v2Token

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      SET-SECURITY-TOKEN-SERVICE-PREFERENCES()
