TAG-INSTANCE-PROFILE()                                  TAG-INSTANCE-PROFILE()



NAME
       tag-instance-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one  or  more  tags to an IAM instance profile. If a tag with the
       same key name already exists, then that tag is overwritten with the new
       value.

       Each  tag  consists of a key name and an associated value. By assigning
       tags to your resources, you can do the following:

       o Administrative grouping and discovery - Attach tags to  resources  to
         aid in organization and search. For example, you could search for all
         resources with the key name Project and the value  MyImportantProject
         .  Or  search for all resources with the key name Cost Center and the
         value 41200 .

       o Access control - Include tags in IAM  user-based  and  resource-based
         policies. You can use tags to restrict access to only an IAM instance
         profile that has a specified tag attached. For examples  of  policies
         that show how to use tags to control access, see Control access using
         IAM tags in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:

          o If any one of the tags is invalid or if  you  exceed  the  allowed
            maximum  number of tags, then the entire request fails and the re-
            source is not created. For more  information  about  tagging,  see
            Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          o Amazon  Web  Services  always interprets the tag Value as a single
            string. If you need to store an array, you can  store  comma-sepa-
            rated  values in the string. However, you must interpret the value
            in your code.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-instance-profile
          --instance-profile-name <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-profile-name (string)
          The name of the IAM instance profile to which you want to add tags.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tags (list)
          The  list  of  tags that you want to attach to the IAM instance pro-
          file. Each tag consists of a key name and an associated value.

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        TAG-INSTANCE-PROFILE()
