TAG-SAML-PROVIDER()                                        TAG-SAML-PROVIDER()



NAME
       tag-saml-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one  or  more tags to a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)
       identity provider. For more  information  about  these  providers,  see
       About  SAML  2.0-based federation . If a tag with the same key name al-
       ready exists, then that tag is overwritten with the new value.

       A tag consists of a key name and an associated value. By assigning tags
       to your resources, you can do the following:

       o Administrative  grouping  and discovery - Attach tags to resources to
         aid in organization and search. For example, you could search for all
         resources  with the key name Project and the value MyImportantProject
         . Or search for all resources with the key name Cost Center  and  the
         value 41200 .

       o Access  control  -  Include tags in IAM user-based and resource-based
         policies. You can use tags to restrict access to only a SAML identity
         provider  that has a specified tag attached. For examples of policies
         that show how to use tags to control access, see Control access using
         IAM tags in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:

          o If  any  one  of  the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed
            maximum number of tags, then the entire request fails and the  re-
            source  is  not  created.  For more information about tagging, see
            Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          o Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value  as  a  single
            string.  If  you need to store an array, you can store comma-sepa-
            rated values in the string. However, you must interpret the  value
            in your code.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-saml-provider
          --saml-provider-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --saml-provider-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the SAML identity provider in IAM to which you want to
          add tags.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tags (list)
          The  list  of  tags  that  you  want  to attach to the SAML identity
          provider in IAM. Each tag consists of a key name and  an  associated
          value.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           TAG-SAML-PROVIDER()
