TAG-ROLE()                                                          TAG-ROLE()



NAME
       tag-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds one or more tags to an IAM role. The role can be a regular role or
       a service-linked role. If a tag with the same key name already  exists,
       then that tag is overwritten with the new value.

       A tag consists of a key name and an associated value. By assigning tags
       to your resources, you can do the following:

       o Administrative grouping and discovery - Attach tags to  resources  to
         aid in organization and search. For example, you could search for all
         resources with the key name Project and the value  MyImportantProject
         .  Or  search for all resources with the key name Cost Center and the
         value 41200 .

       o Access control - Include tags in IAM  user-based  and  resource-based
         policies.  You  can  use  tags to restrict access to only an IAM role
         that has a specified tag attached. You can also  restrict  access  to
         only  those  resources that have a certain tag attached. For examples
         of policies that show how to use tags to control access, see  Control
         access using IAM tags in the IAM User Guide .

       o Cost  allocation - Use tags to help track which individuals and teams
         are using which Amazon Web Services resources.

       NOTE:

          o If any one of the tags is invalid or if  you  exceed  the  allowed
            maximum  number of tags, then the entire request fails and the re-
            source is not created. For more  information  about  tagging,  see
            Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          o Amazon  Web  Services  always interprets the tag Value as a single
            string. If you need to store an array, you can  store  comma-sepa-
            rated  values in the string. However, you must interpret the value
            in your code.

       For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM identities  in  the
       IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-role
          --role-name <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the IAM role to which you want to add tags.

          This  parameter  accepts  (through  its  regex pattern ) a string of
          characters that consist of upper and lowercase alphanumeric  charac-
          ters with no spaces. You can also include any of the following char-
          acters: _+=,.@-

       --tags (list)
          The list of tags that you want to attach to the IAM role.  Each  tag
          consists of a key name and an associated value.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a tag to a role

       The following tag-role command adds a tag with a Department name to the
       specified role. This command produces no output.

          aws iam tag-role --role-name my-role --tags '{"Key": "Department", "Value": "Accounting"}'

       For  more  information,  see  Tagging  IAM Entities in the AWS IAM User
       Guide

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                    TAG-ROLE()
