UNTAG-ROLE()                                                      UNTAG-ROLE()



NAME
       untag-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified  tags from the role. For more information about
       tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-role
          --role-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the IAM role from which you want to remove tags.

          This parameter accepts (through its regex  pattern  )  a  string  of
          characters  that consist of upper and lowercase alphanumeric charac-
          ters with no spaces. You can also include any of the following char-
          acters: _+=,.@-

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list  of  key  names  as a simple array of strings. The tags with
          matching keys are removed from the specified role.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag from a role

       The following untag-role command removes any tag with the key name 'De-
       partment' from the specified role. This command produces no output.

          aws iam untag-role --role-name my-role --tag-keys Department

       For  more  information,  see  Tagging  IAM Entities in the AWS IAM User
       Guide

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  UNTAG-ROLE()
