UNTAG-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()                          UNTAG-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       untag-server-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified  tags from the IAM server certificate. For more
       information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in  the  IAM  User
       Guide .

       NOTE:
          For certificates in a Region supported by Certificate Manager (ACM),
          we recommend that you don't use IAM  server  certificates.  Instead,
          use  ACM  to provision, manage, and deploy your server certificates.
          For more information about IAM  server  certificates,  Working  with
          server certificates in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-server-certificate
          --server-certificate-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --server-certificate-name (string)
          The name of the IAM server certificate from which you want to remove
          tags.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tag-keys (list)
          A  list  of  key  names  as a simple array of strings. The tags with
          matching keys are removed from the specified IAM server certificate.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UNTAG-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()
