UNTAG-MFA-DEVICE()                                          UNTAG-MFA-DEVICE()



NAME
       untag-mfa-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the specified tags from the IAM virtual multi-factor authenti-
       cation (MFA) device. For more information about  tagging,  see  Tagging
       IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-mfa-device
          --serial-number <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --serial-number (string)
          The  unique identifier for the IAM virtual MFA device from which you
          want to remove tags. For virtual MFA devices, the serial  number  is
          the same as the ARN.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of key names as a simple array  of  strings.  The  tags  with
          matching keys are removed from the specified instance profile.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            UNTAG-MFA-DEVICE()
