UNTAG-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()              UNTAG-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()



NAME
       untag-open-id-connect-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes   the   specified   tags  from  the  specified  OpenID  Connect
       (OIDC)-compatible identity provider in IAM. For more information  about
       OIDC  providers,  see About web identity federation . For more informa-
       tion about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-open-id-connect-provider
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The ARN of the OIDC provider in IAM from which you  want  to  remove
          tags.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of key names as a simple array  of  strings.  The  tags  with
          matching keys are removed from the specified OIDC provider.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              UNTAG-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER()
