UPDATE-ACCOUNT-PASSWORD-POLICY()              UPDATE-ACCOUNT-PASSWORD-POLICY()



NAME
       update-account-password-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  password  policy settings for the Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       NOTE:
          This operation does not support partial updates. No  parameters  are
          required,  but  if  you do not specify a parameter, that parameter's
          value reverts to its default value. See the Request Parameters  sec-
          tion for each parameter's default value. Also note that some parame-
          ters do not allow the default parameter to be  explicitly  set.  In-
          stead,  to  invoke  the default value, do not include that parameter
          when you invoke the operation.

       For more information about using a password policy, see Managing an IAM
       password policy in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-account-password-policy
          [--minimum-password-length <value>]
          [--require-symbols | --no-require-symbols]
          [--require-numbers | --no-require-numbers]
          [--require-uppercase-characters | --no-require-uppercase-characters]
          [--require-lowercase-characters | --no-require-lowercase-characters]
          [--allow-users-to-change-password | --no-allow-users-to-change-password]
          [--max-password-age <value>]
          [--password-reuse-prevention <value>]
          [--hard-expiry | --no-hard-expiry]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --minimum-password-length (integer)
          The minimum number of characters allowed in an IAM user password.

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses the default value of 6 .

       --require-symbols | --no-require-symbols (boolean)
          Specifies whether IAM user passwords must contain at  least  one  of
          the following non-alphanumeric characters:

          ! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) _ + - = [ ] { } | '

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses the default value of false . The result is  that  passwords  do
          not require at least one symbol character.

       --require-numbers | --no-require-numbers (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  IAM user passwords must contain at least one nu-
          meric character (0 to 9).

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses  the  default  value of false . The result is that passwords do
          not require at least one numeric character.

       --require-uppercase-characters   |    --no-require-uppercase-characters
       (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  IAM user passwords must contain at least one up-
          percase character from the ISO basic Latin alphabet (A to Z).

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses  the  default  value of false . The result is that passwords do
          not require at least one uppercase character.

       --require-lowercase-characters   |    --no-require-lowercase-characters
       (boolean)
          Specifies  whether IAM user passwords must contain at least one low-
          ercase character from the ISO basic Latin alphabet (a to z).

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses  the  default  value of false . The result is that passwords do
          not require at least one lowercase character.

       --allow-users-to-change-password |  --no-allow-users-to-change-password
       (boolean)
          Allows  all IAM users in your account to use the Amazon Web Services
          Management Console to change their own passwords. For more  informa-
          tion,  see Permitting IAM users to change their own passwords in the
          IAM User Guide .

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses  the  default  value of false . The result is that IAM users in
          the account do not automatically have permissions  to  change  their
          own password.

       --max-password-age (integer)
          The number of days that an IAM user password is valid.

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses the default value of 0 . The result is that IAM user  passwords
          never expire.

       --password-reuse-prevention (integer)
          Specifies  the  number of previous passwords that IAM users are pre-
          vented from reusing.

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses  the  default value of 0 . The result is that IAM users are not
          prevented from reusing previous passwords.

       --hard-expiry | --no-hard-expiry (boolean)
          Prevents IAM users who are accessing the account via the Amazon  Web
          Services  Management Console from setting a new console password af-
          ter their password has expired. The IAM user cannot access the  con-
          sole until an administrator resets the password.

          If you do not specify a value for this parameter, then the operation
          uses the default value of false . The result is that IAM  users  can
          change  their passwords after they expire and continue to sign in as
          the user.

          NOTE:
              In the Amazon Web Services Management Console, the custom  pass-
              word  policy  option  Allow  users  to change their own password
              gives IAM users permissions to iam:ChangePassword for only their
              user and to the iam:GetAccountPasswordPolicy action. This option
              does not attach a permissions policy to each  user,  rather  the
              permissions  are  applied  at the account-level for all users by
              IAM. IAM users with iam:ChangePassword permission and active ac-
              cess keys can reset their own expired console password using the
              CLI or API.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set or change the current account password policy

       The  following update-account-password-policy command sets the password
       policy to require a minimum length of eight characters and  to  require
       one or more numbers in the password:

          aws iam update-account-password-policy --minimum-password-length 8 --require-numbers

       Changes  to  an account's password policy affect any new passwords that
       are created for IAM users in the account. Password  policy  changes  do
       not affect existing passwords.

       For  more  information,  see Setting an Account Password Policy for IAM
       Users in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              UPDATE-ACCOUNT-PASSWORD-POLICY()
