UPDATE-ROLE()                                                    UPDATE-ROLE()



NAME
       update-role -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the description or maximum session duration setting of a role.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-role
          --role-name <value>
          [--description <value>]
          [--max-session-duration <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role that you want to modify.

       --description (string)
          The new description that you want to apply to the specified role.

       --max-session-duration (integer)
          The  maximum  session duration (in seconds) that you want to set for
          the specified role. If you do not specify a value for this  setting,
          the  default  value  of one hour is applied. This setting can have a
          value from 1 hour to 12 hours.

          Anyone who assumes the role from the CLI or API can  use  the  Dura-
          tionSeconds  API  parameter or the duration-seconds CLI parameter to
          request a longer session. The MaxSessionDuration setting  determines
          the maximum duration that can be requested using the DurationSeconds
          parameter. If users don't specify a value  for  the  DurationSeconds
          parameter,  their security credentials are valid for one hour by de-
          fault. This applies when you use the AssumeRole* API  operations  or
          the  assume-role*  CLI  operations  but  does not apply when you use
          those operations to create a console URL. For more information,  see
          Using IAM roles in the IAM User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change an IAM role's description or session duration

       The following update-role command changes the description  of  the  IAM
       role  production-role to Main production role and sets the maximum ses-
       sion duration to 12 hours.

          aws iam update-role --role-name production-role --description 'Main production role' --max-session-duration 43200

       For more information, see Modifying a Role in the AWS IAM User's Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 UPDATE-ROLE()
