UPDATE-GROUP()                                                  UPDATE-GROUP()



NAME
       update-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the name and/or the path of the specified IAM group.

       WARNING:
          You should understand the implications of changing a group's path or
          name. For more information, see Renaming users and groups in the IAM
          User Guide .

       NOTE:
          The  person making the request (the principal), must have permission
          to change the role group with the old name and the new name. For ex-
          ample,  to  change  the group named Managers to MGRs , the principal
          must have a policy that allows them to update both  groups.  If  the
          principal  has  permission to update the Managers group, but not the
          MGRs group, then the update fails. For more information  about  per-
          missions, see Access management .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-group
          --group-name <value>
          [--new-path <value>]
          [--new-group-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          Name  of the IAM group to update. If you're changing the name of the
          group, this is the original name.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --new-path (string)
          New  path  for  the  IAM  group.  Only  include this if changing the
          group's path.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  either  a  forward  slash (/) by itself or a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters,  digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --new-group-name (string)
          New  name  for  the  IAM  group.  Only  include this if changing the
          group's name.

          IAM user, group, role, and policy names must be  unique  within  the
          account.  Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you can-
          not create resources named both "MyResource" and "myresource".

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To rename an IAM group

       The following update-group command changes the name of  the  IAM  group
       Test to Test-1:

          aws iam update-group --group-name Test --new-group-name Test-1

       For  more information, see Changing a Group's Name or Path in the Using
       IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                UPDATE-GROUP()
