UPDATE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()      UPDATE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()



NAME
       update-service-specific-credential -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the status of a service-specific credential to Active or Inactive
       . Service-specific credentials that are inactive cannot be used for au-
       thentication  to  the  service. This operation can be used to disable a
       user's service-specific credential as part  of  a  credential  rotation
       work flow.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-service-specific-credential
          [--user-name <value>]
          --service-specific-credential-id <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The  name  of the IAM user associated with the service-specific cre-
          dential. If you do not specify this value, then  the  operation  as-
          sumes the user whose credentials are used to call the operation.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --service-specific-credential-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the service-specific credential.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --status (string)
          The status to be assigned to the service-specific credential.

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To update the status of the requesting  user's  service-spe-
       cific credential

       The  following  update-service-specific-credential  example changes the
       status for the specified credential for the user making the request  to
       Inactive. This command produces no output.

          aws iam update-service-specific-credential \
              --service-specific-credential-id ACCAEXAMPLE123EXAMPLE \
              --status Inactive

       Example  2: To update the status of a specified user's service-specific
       credential

       The following update-service-specific-credential  example  changes  the
       status  for the credential of the specified user to Inactive. This com-
       mand produces no output.

          aws iam update-service-specific-credential \
              --user-name sofia \
              --service-specific-credential-id ACCAEXAMPLE123EXAMPLE \
              --status Inactive

       For more information, see Create Git Credentials for HTTPS  Connections
       to CodeCommit in the AWS CodeCommit User Guide

OUTPUT
       None



                                          UPDATE-SERVICE-SPECIFIC-CREDENTIAL()
