UPDATE-ASSUME-ROLE-POLICY()                        UPDATE-ASSUME-ROLE-POLICY()



NAME
       update-assume-role-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  policy  that  grants an IAM entity permission to assume a
       role. This is typically referred to as the  "role  trust  policy".  For
       more  information  about roles, see Using roles to delegate permissions
       and federate identities .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-assume-role-policy
          --role-name <value>
          --policy-document <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --role-name (string)
          The name of the role to update with the new policy.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --policy-document (string)
          The policy that grants an entity permission to assume the role.

          You must provide policies in JSON format in IAM. However, for Cloud-
          Formation templates formatted in YAML, you can provide the policy in
          JSON or YAML format. CloudFormation always converts a YAML policy to
          JSON format before submitting it to IAM.

          The regex pattern used to validate this parameter  is  a  string  of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any  printable  ASCII  character  ranging from the space character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The  special  characters  tab  (\u0009 ), line feed (\u000A ), and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the trust policy for an IAM role

       The following update-assume-role-policy command updates the trust  pol-
       icy for the role named Test-Role:

          aws iam update-assume-role-policy --role-name Test-Role --policy-document file://Test-Role-Trust-Policy.json

       The   trust   policy   is   defined   as   a   JSON   document  in  the
       Test-Role-Trust-Policy.json file. (The file name and extension  do  not
       have significance.) The trust policy must specify a principal.

       To  update  the  permissions policy for a role, use the put-role-policy
       command.

       For more information, see Creating a Role in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-ASSUME-ROLE-POLICY()
