UPDATE-SAML-PROVIDER()                                  UPDATE-SAML-PROVIDER()



NAME
       update-saml-provider -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  metadata  document for an existing SAML provider resource
       object.

       NOTE:
          This operation requires Signature Version 4 .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-saml-provider
          --saml-metadata-document <value>
          --saml-provider-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --saml-metadata-document (string)
          An XML document generated by an identity provider  (IdP)  that  sup-
          ports  SAML 2.0. The document includes the issuer's name, expiration
          information, and keys that can be used to validate the SAML  authen-
          tication  response  (assertions) that are received from the IdP. You
          must generate the metadata document using  the  identity  management
          software that is used as your organization's IdP.

       --saml-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SAML provider to update.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update the metadata document for an existing SAML provider

       This  example  updates  the  SAML  provider  in  IAM   whose   ARN   is
       arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS  with a new SAML meta-
       data document from the file SAMLMetaData.xml:

          aws iam update-saml-provider --saml-metadata-document file://SAMLMetaData.xml --saml-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS

       Output:

          {
            "SAMLProviderArn": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:saml-provider/SAMLADFS"
          }

       For more information, see Using SAML Providers in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       SAMLProviderArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SAML  provider  that  was  up-
          dated.



                                                        UPDATE-SAML-PROVIDER()
