UPDATE-USER()                                                    UPDATE-USER()



NAME
       update-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the name and/or the path of the specified IAM user.

       WARNING:
          You  should  understand  the  implications of changing an IAM user's
          path or name. For more information, see Renaming  an  IAM  user  and
          Renaming an IAM group in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          To  change  a user name, the requester must have appropriate permis-
          sions on both the source object and the target object. For  example,
          to  change  Bob  to  Robert, the entity making the request must have
          permission on Bob and Robert, or must have permission  on  all  (*).
          For more information about permissions, see Permissions and policies
          .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-user
          --user-name <value>
          [--new-path <value>]
          [--new-user-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          Name of the user to update. If you're changing the name of the user,
          this is the original user name.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --new-path (string)
          New path for the IAM user. Include this  parameter  only  if  you're
          changing the user's path.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of either a forward  slash  (/)  by  itself  or  a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character  (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters, digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --new-user-name (string)
          New name for the user. Include this parameter only if you're  chang-
          ing the user's name.

          IAM  user,  group,  role, and policy names must be unique within the
          account. Names are not distinguished by case. For example, you  can-
          not create resources named both "MyResource" and "myresource".

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To change an IAM user's name

       The  following update-user command changes the name of the IAM user Bob
       to Robert:

          aws iam update-user --user-name Bob --new-user-name Robert

       For more information, see Changing a Group's Name or Path in the  Using
       IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 UPDATE-USER()
