UPDATE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()                        UPDATE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       update-server-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  name  and/or the path of the specified server certificate
       stored in IAM.

       For more  information  about  working  with  server  certificates,  see
       Working  with  server  certificates  in the IAM User Guide . This topic
       also includes a list of Amazon Web Services services that can  use  the
       server certificates that you manage with IAM.

       WARNING:
          You should understand the implications of changing a server certifi-
          cate's path or name. For more information,  see  Renaming  a  server
          certificate in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          The  person making the request (the principal), must have permission
          to change the server certificate with the old name and the new name.
          For example, to change the certificate named ProductionCert to Prod-
          Cert , the principal must have a policy that allows them  to  update
          both  certificates.  If  the  principal has permission to update the
          ProductionCert group, but not the ProdCert certificate, then the up-
          date  fails. For more information about permissions, see Access man-
          agement in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-server-certificate
          --server-certificate-name <value>
          [--new-path <value>]
          [--new-server-certificate-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --server-certificate-name (string)
          The name of the server certificate that you want to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --new-path (string)
          The  new  path  for the server certificate. Include this only if you
          are updating the server certificate's path.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  either  a  forward  slash (/) by itself or a
          string that must begin and end with forward slashes. In addition, it
          can contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 ) through the DEL
          character (\u007F ), including most punctuation characters,  digits,
          and upper and lowercased letters.

       --new-server-certificate-name (string)
          The  new  name  for the server certificate. Include this only if you
          are updating the server certificate's name. The name of the certifi-
          cate cannot contain any spaces.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To change the path or name of a server certificate in your AWS account

       The following update-server-certificate command changes the name of the
       certificate  from myServerCertificate to myUpdatedServerCertificate. It
       also changes the path to /cloudfront/ so that it can be accessed by the
       Amazon CloudFront service. This command produces no output. You can see
       the results of the update by running the list-server-certificates  com-
       mand.

          aws-iam update-server-certificate --server-certificate-name myServerCertificate --new-server-certificate-name myUpdatedServerCertificate --new-path /cloudfront/

       For more information, see Creating, Uploading, and Deleting Server Cer-
       tificates in the IAM Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()
