UPDATE-ACCESS-KEY()                                        UPDATE-ACCESS-KEY()



NAME
       update-access-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes the status of the specified access key from Active to Inactive,
       or vice versa. This operation can be used to disable a  user's  key  as
       part of a key rotation workflow.

       If  the  UserName is not specified, the user name is determined implic-
       itly based on the Amazon Web Services access key ID used  to  sign  the
       request. This operation works for access keys under the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account. Consequently, you can use this operation to manage  Ama-
       zon  Web  Services account root user credentials even if the Amazon Web
       Services account has no associated users.

       For information about rotating keys, see Managing keys and certificates
       in the IAM User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-access-key
          [--user-name <value>]
          --access-key-id <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user whose key you want to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --access-key-id (string)
          The access key ID of the secret access key you want to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --status (string)
          The status you want to assign to the secret access key. Active means
          that the key can be used for programmatic calls to Amazon  Web  Ser-
          vices, while Inactive means that the key cannot be used.

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To activate or deactivate an access key for an IAM user

       The  following  update-access-key command deactivates the specified ac-
       cess key (access key ID and secret access key) for the IAM  user  named
       Bob:

          aws iam update-access-key --access-key-id AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE --status Inactive --user-name Bob

       Deactivating  the key means that it cannot be used for programmatic ac-
       cess to AWS. However, the key is still available  and  can  be  reacti-
       vated.

       For  more  information, see Creating, Modifying, and Viewing User Secu-
       rity Credentials in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           UPDATE-ACCESS-KEY()
