UPDATE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()                      UPDATE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       update-signing-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  status of the specified user signing certificate from ac-
       tive to disabled, or vice versa. This operation can be used to  disable
       an  IAM  user's  signing  certificate as part of a certificate rotation
       work flow.

       If the UserName field is not specified, the user name is determined im-
       plicitly  based  on  the Amazon Web Services access key ID used to sign
       the request. This operation works for access keys under the Amazon  Web
       Services  account.  Consequently,  you can use this operation to manage
       Amazon Web Services account root user credentials even  if  the  Amazon
       Web Services account has no associated users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-signing-certificate
          [--user-name <value>]
          --certificate-id <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the IAM user the signing certificate belongs to.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --certificate-id (string)
          The ID of the signing certificate you want to update.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters that can consist of any upper or lowercased letter or digit.

       --status (string)
          The  status you want to assign to the certificate. Active means that
          the certificate can be used for programmatic  calls  to  Amazon  Web
          Services Inactive means that the certificate cannot be used.

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To activate or deactivate a signing certificate for an IAM user

       The following update-signing-certificate command deactivates the speci-
       fied signing certificate for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam update-signing-certificate --certificate-id TA7SMP42TDN5Z26OBPJE7EXAMPLE --status Inactive --user-name Bob

       To get the ID for a signing certificate, use the  list-signing-certifi-
       cates command.

       For  more  information,  see Creating and Uploading a User Signing Cer-
       tificate in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  UPDATE-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()
