UPDATE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER-THUPDATE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER-THUMBPRINT()



NAME
       update-open-id-connect-provider-thumbprint -

DESCRIPTION
       Replaces the existing list of server certificate thumbprints associated
       with an OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider resource object with a new  list
       of thumbprints.

       The  list that you pass with this operation completely replaces the ex-
       isting list of thumbprints. (The lists are not merged.)

       Typically, you need to update  a  thumbprint  only  when  the  identity
       provider  certificate  changes,  which  occurs  rarely. However, if the
       provider's certificate does change, any attempt to assume an  IAM  role
       that  specifies  the  OIDC provider as a principal fails until the cer-
       tificate thumbprint is updated.

       NOTE:
          Amazon Web Services secures communication with  some  OIDC  identity
          providers (IdPs) through our library of trusted certificate authori-
          ties (CAs) instead of using a certificate thumbprint to verify  your
          IdP  server  certificate.  These OIDC IdPs include Google, and those
          that use an Amazon S3 bucket to host a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS)  end-
          point.  In  these cases, your legacy thumbprint remains in your con-
          figuration, but is no longer used for validation.

       NOTE:
          Trust for the OIDC provider is derived from the provider certificate
          and  is  validated by the thumbprint. Therefore, it is best to limit
          access to  the  UpdateOpenIDConnectProviderThumbprint  operation  to
          highly privileged users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-open-id-connect-provider-thumbprint
          --open-id-connect-provider-arn <value>
          --thumbprint-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --open-id-connect-provider-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM OIDC provider resource ob-
          ject for which you want to update the thumbprint. You can get a list
          of OIDC provider ARNs by using the  ListOpenIDConnectProviders oper-
          ation.

          For more information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
          the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --thumbprint-list (list)
          A list of certificate thumbprints that are associated with the spec-
          ified IAM OpenID Connect provider. For more information,  see   Cre-
          ateOpenIDConnectProvider .

          (string)
              Contains a thumbprint for an identity provider's server certifi-
              cate.

              The identity provider's server  certificate  thumbprint  is  the
              hex-encoded  SHA-1  hash value of the self-signed X.509 certifi-
              cate. This thumbprint is used by the  domain  where  the  OpenID
              Connect provider makes its keys available. The thumbprint is al-
              ways a 40-character string.

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  replace  the existing list of server certificate thumbprints with a
       new list

       This example updates the  certificate  thumbprint  list  for  the  OIDC
       provider  whose  ARN  is  arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/exam-
       ple.oidcprovider.com to use a new thumbprint:

          aws iam update-open-id-connect-provider-thumbprint --open-id-connect-provider-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:oidc-provider/example.oidcprovider.com --thumbprint-list 7359755EXAMPLEabc3060bce3EXAMPLEec4542a3

       For more information, see Using OpenID Connect  Identity  Providers  in
       the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                  UPDATE-OPEN-ID-CONNECT-PROVIDER-THUMBPRINT()
