UPLOAD-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()                        UPLOAD-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       upload-server-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Uploads  a  server  certificate  entity for the Amazon Web Services ac-
       count. The server certificate entity includes a public key certificate,
       a  private  key, and an optional certificate chain, which should all be
       PEM-encoded.

       We recommend that you use Certificate Manager to provision, manage, and
       deploy  your  server  certificates. With ACM you can request a certifi-
       cate, deploy it to Amazon Web Services resources, and  let  ACM  handle
       certificate  renewals  for  you. Certificates provided by ACM are free.
       For more information about using ACM, see the Certificate Manager  User
       Guide .

       For  more  information  about  working  with  server  certificates, see
       Working with server certificates in the IAM User Guide . This topic in-
       cludes  a  list of Amazon Web Services services that can use the server
       certificates that you manage with IAM.

       For information about the number of server certificates you can upload,
       see IAM and STS quotas in the IAM User Guide .

       NOTE:
          Because the body of the public key certificate, private key, and the
          certificate chain can be large, you should use POST rather than  GET
          when calling UploadServerCertificate . For information about setting
          up signatures and authorization through the API, see Signing  Amazon
          Web  Services API requests in the Amazon Web Services General Refer-
          ence . For general information about using the Query API  with  IAM,
          see  Calling  the  API by making HTTP query requests in the IAM User
          Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upload-server-certificate
          [--path <value>]
          --server-certificate-name <value>
          --certificate-body <value>
          --private-key <value>
          [--certificate-chain <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --path (string)
          The path for the server  certificate.  For  more  information  about
          paths, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          This  parameter is optional. If it is not included, it defaults to a
          slash (/). This parameter allows (through  its  regex  pattern  )  a
          string of characters consisting of either a forward slash (/) by it-
          self or a string that must begin and end with  forward  slashes.  In
          addition,  it  can  contain any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021 )
          through the DEL character  (\u007F  ),  including  most  punctuation
          characters, digits, and upper and lowercased letters.

          NOTE:
              If  you  are uploading a server certificate specifically for use
              with Amazon CloudFront distributions, you must  specify  a  path
              using  the  path parameter. The path must begin with /cloudfront
              and  must  include  a  trailing  slash  (for  example,   /cloud-
              front/test/ ).

       --server-certificate-name (string)
          The name for the server certificate. Do not include the path in this
          value. The name of the certificate cannot contain any spaces.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters  consisting  of  upper  and lowercase alphanumeric characters
          with no spaces. You can also include any of  the  following  charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --certificate-body (string)
          The contents of the public key certificate in PEM-encoded format.

          The  regex  pattern  used  to validate this parameter is a string of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any printable ASCII character ranging  from  the  space  character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The special characters tab (\u0009 ), line  feed  (\u000A  ),  and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --private-key (string)
          The contents of the private key in PEM-encoded format.

          The  regex  pattern  used  to validate this parameter is a string of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any printable ASCII character ranging  from  the  space  character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The special characters tab (\u0009 ), line  feed  (\u000A  ),  and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --certificate-chain (string)
          The  contents of the certificate chain. This is typically a concate-
          nation of the PEM-encoded public key certificates of the chain.

          The regex pattern used to validate this parameter  is  a  string  of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any  printable  ASCII  character  ranging from the space character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The  special  characters  tab  (\u0009 ), line feed (\u000A ), and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the new  IAM  server  cer-
          tificate resource. Each tag consists of a key name and an associated
          value. For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources
          in the IAM User Guide .

          NOTE:
              If  any  one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed
              maximum number of tags, then the entire request  fails  and  the
              resource is not created.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that represents user-provided metadata that can be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the as-
                 sociated value. For example, Department or  Cost  Center  are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value associated with this tag. For example, tags with a
                 key name of Department could have values such  as  Human  Re-
                 sources  , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name of
                 Cost Center might have values that consist of the number  as-
                 sociated  with  the  different  cost centers in your company.
                 Typically, many resources have tags with the  same  key  name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  Web Services always interprets the tag Value as a
                     single string. If you need to store  an  array,  you  can
                     store  comma-separated values in the string. However, you
                     must interpret the value in your code.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To upload a server certificate to your AWS account

       The  following  upload-server-certificate command uploads a server cer-
       tificate to your AWS account. In this example, the  certificate  is  in
       the file public_key_cert_file.pem, the associated private key is in the
       file my_private_key.pem, and the the certificate chain provided by  the
       certificate  authority  (CA)  is  in  the my_certificate_chain_file.pem
       file. When the file has finished uploading, it is available  under  the
       name  myServerCertificate. Parameters that begin with file:// tells the
       command to read the contents of the file and use that as the  parameter
       value instead of the file name itself.

          aws iam upload-server-certificate --server-certificate-name myServerCertificate --certificate-body file://public_key_cert_file.pem --private-key file://my_private_key.pem --certificate-chain file://my_certificate_chain_file.pem

       Output:

          {
              "ServerCertificateMetadata": {
                  "Path": "/",
                  "ServerCertificateName": "myServerCertificate",
                  "ServerCertificateId": "ASCAEXAMPLE123EXAMPLE",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::1234567989012:server-certificate/myServerCertificate",
                  "UploadDate": "2019-04-22T21:13:44+00:00",
                  "Expiration": "2019-10-15T22:23:16+00:00"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Creating, Uploading, and Deleting Server Cer-
       tificates in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       ServerCertificateMetadata -> (structure)
          The meta information of the uploaded server certificate without  its
          certificate body, certificate chain, and private key.

          Path -> (string)
              The  path  to the server certificate. For more information about
              paths, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          ServerCertificateName -> (string)
              The name that identifies the server certificate.

          ServerCertificateId -> (string)
              The stable and unique string identifying the server certificate.
              For  more  information about IDs, see IAM identifiers in the IAM
              User Guide .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying  the  server  certifi-
              cate.  For  more  information  about ARNs and how to use them in
              policies, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide .

          UploadDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the server certificate was uploaded.

          Expiration -> (timestamp)
              The date on which the certificate is set to expire.

       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags that are attached to the new IAM server  certificate.
          The returned list of tags is sorted by tag key. For more information
          about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

          (structure)
              A structure that represents user-provided metadata that  can  be
              associated with an IAM resource. For more information about tag-
              ging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key name that can be used to look up or retrieve the  as-
                 sociated  value.  For  example, Department or Cost Center are
                 common choices.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value associated with this tag. For example, tags with  a
                 key  name  of  Department could have values such as Human Re-
                 sources , Accounting , and Support . Tags with a key name  of
                 Cost  Center might have values that consist of the number as-
                 sociated with the different cost  centers  in  your  company.
                 Typically,  many  resources  have tags with the same key name
                 but with different values.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon Web Services always interprets the tag Value as  a
                     single  string.  If  you  need to store an array, you can
                     store comma-separated values in the string. However,  you
                     must interpret the value in your code.



                                                   UPLOAD-SERVER-CERTIFICATE()
