UPLOAD-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()                      UPLOAD-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       upload-signing-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Uploads  an X.509 signing certificate and associates it with the speci-
       fied IAM user. Some Amazon Web Services services  require  you  to  use
       certificates  to validate requests that are signed with a corresponding
       private key. When you upload the certificate, its default status is Ac-
       tive .

       For  information about when you would use an X.509 signing certificate,
       see Managing server certificates in IAM in the IAM User Guide .

       If the UserName is not specified, the IAM user name is  determined  im-
       plicitly  based  on  the Amazon Web Services access key ID used to sign
       the request. This operation works for access keys under the Amazon  Web
       Services  account.  Consequently,  you can use this operation to manage
       Amazon Web Services account root user credentials even  if  the  Amazon
       Web Services account has no associated users.

       NOTE:
          Because  the  body  of an X.509 certificate can be large, you should
          use POST rather than GET when calling UploadSigningCertificate . For
          information  about  setting  up signatures and authorization through
          the API, see Signing Amazon Web Services API requests in the  Amazon
          Web Services General Reference . For general information about using
          the Query API with IAM, see Making query requests in  the  IAM  User
          Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upload-signing-certificate
          [--user-name <value>]
          --certificate-body <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user the signing certificate is for.

          This parameter allows (through its regex pattern ) a string of char-
          acters consisting of upper  and  lowercase  alphanumeric  characters
          with  no  spaces.  You can also include any of the following charac-
          ters: _+=,.@-

       --certificate-body (string)
          The contents of the signing certificate.

          The regex pattern used to validate this parameter  is  a  string  of
          characters consisting of the following:

          o Any  printable  ASCII  character  ranging from the space character
            (\u0020 ) through the end of the ASCII character range

          o The printable characters in the Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement
            character set (through \u00FF )

          o The  special  characters  tab  (\u0009 ), line feed (\u000A ), and
            carriage return (\u000D )

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To upload a signing certificate for an IAM user

       The following upload-signing-certificate command uploads a signing cer-
       tificate for the IAM user named Bob:

          aws iam upload-signing-certificate --user-name Bob --certificate-body file://certificate.pem

       Output:

          {
              "Certificate": {
                  "UserName": "Bob",
                  "Status": "Active",
                  "CertificateBody": "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----<certificate-body>-----END CERTIFICATE-----",
                  "CertificateId": "TA7SMP42TDN5Z26OBPJE7EXAMPLE",
                  "UploadDate": "2013-06-06T21:40:08.121Z"
              }
          }

       The certificate is in a file named certificate.pem in PEM format.

       For  more  information,  see Creating and Uploading a User Signing Cer-
       tificate in the Using IAM guide.

OUTPUT
       Certificate -> (structure)
          Information about the certificate.

          UserName -> (string)
              The name of the user the signing certificate is associated with.

          CertificateId -> (string)
              The ID for the signing certificate.

          CertificateBody -> (string)
              The contents of the signing certificate.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the signing certificate. Active means that the key
              is valid for API calls, while Inactive means it is not.

          UploadDate -> (timestamp)
              The date when the signing certificate was uploaded.



                                                  UPLOAD-SIGNING-CERTIFICATE()
