DELETE-TABLE()                                                  DELETE-TABLE()



NAME
       delete-table -

DESCRIPTION
       The  DeleteTable operation deletes a table and all of its data. After a
       DeleteTable request is received, the specified table is in the DELETING
       state until Amazon Keyspaces completes the deletion. If the table is in
       the ACTIVE state, you can delete it. If a table is either in the CREAT-
       ING  or UPDATING states, then Amazon Keyspaces returns a ResourceInUse-
       Exception . If the specified table does not exist, Amazon Keyspaces re-
       turns  a  ResourceNotFoundException  .  If  the table is already in the
       DELETING state, no error is returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-table
          --keyspace-name <value>
          --table-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --keyspace-name (string)
          The name of the keyspace of the to be deleted table.

       --table-name (string)
          The name of the table to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-TABLE()
