TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a set of tags with a Amazon Keyspaces resource. You can then
       activate these user-defined tags so that they appear on the  Cost  Man-
       agement Console for cost allocation tracking.

       For  more  information,  see Adding tags and labels to Amazon Keyspaces
       resources in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Keyspaces  resource  to
          which to add tags.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to be assigned to the Amazon Keyspaces resource.

          (structure)
              Describes a tag. A tag is a key-value pair. You can add up to 50
              tags to a single Amazon Keyspaces resource.

              Amazon Web Services-assigned tag names and values are  automati-
              cally  assigned  the  aws: prefix, which the user cannot assign.
              Amazon Web Services-assigned tag names do not count towards  the
              tag  limit  of 50. User-assigned tag names have the prefix user:
              in the Cost Allocation Report. You cannot backdate the  applica-
              tion of a tag.

              For  more  information,  see  Adding  tags  and labels to Amazon
              Keyspaces resources in the Amazon Keyspaces Developer Guide .

              key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag. Tag keys are case sensitive. Each  Amazon
                 Keyspaces  resource can only have up to one tag with the same
                 key. If you try to add an existing tag (same key), the exist-
                 ing tag value will be updated to the new value.

              value -> (string)
                 The  value  of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive and can
                 be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
