DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()                                    DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-subnet-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a subnet group. You cannot delete a default subnet group or one
       that is associated with any clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-subnet-group
          --subnet-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subnet-group-name (string)
          The name of the subnet group to delete

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SubnetGroup -> (structure)
          The subnet group object that has been deleted.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the subnet group

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the subnet group

          VpcId -> (string)
              The Amazon Virtual Private Cloud identifier (VPC ID) of the sub-
              net group.

          Subnets -> (list)
              A list of subnets associated with the subnet group.

              (structure)
                 Represents the subnet associated with a cluster. This parame-
                 ter refers to subnets defined in Amazon Virtual Private Cloud
                 (Amazon VPC) and used with MemoryDB.

                 Identifier -> (string)
                     The unique identifier for the subnet.

                 AvailabilityZone -> (structure)
                     The Availability Zone where the subnet resides

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the Availability Zone.

          ARN -> (string)
              The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the subnet group.



                                                         DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()
