DELETE-PARAMETER-GROUP()                              DELETE-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  parameter group. You cannot delete a parameter
       group if it is associated with any clusters. You cannot delete the  de-
       fault parameter groups in your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-parameter-group
          --parameter-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the parameter group to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ParameterGroup -> (structure)
          The parameter group that has been deleted.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the parameter group

          Family -> (string)
              The name of the parameter group family that this parameter group
              is compatible with.

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the parameter group

          ARN -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the parameter group



                                                      DELETE-PARAMETER-GROUP()
