DELETE-USER()                                                    DELETE-USER()



NAME
       delete-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a user. The user will be removed from all ACLs and in turn re-
       moved from all clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user
          --user-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to delete

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       User -> (structure)
          The user object that has been deleted.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the user

          Status -> (string)
              Indicates the user  status.  Can  be  "active",  "modifying"  or
              "deleting".

          AccessString -> (string)
              Access permissions string used for this user.

          ACLNames -> (list)
              The names of the Access Control Lists to which the user belongs

              (string)

          MinimumEngineVersion -> (string)
              The minimum engine version supported for the user

          Authentication -> (structure)
              Denotes whether the user requires a password to authenticate.

              Type -> (string)
                 Indicates  whether  the user requires a password to authenti-
                 cate.

              PasswordCount -> (integer)
                 The number of passwords belonging to the user. The maximum is
                 two.

          ARN -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user.



                                                                 DELETE-USER()
