DELETE-ACL()                                                      DELETE-ACL()



NAME
       delete-acl -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  Access  Control  List. The ACL must first be disassociated
       from the cluster before it can be deleted. For  more  information,  see
       Authenticating users with Access Contol Lists (ACLs) .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-acl
          --acl-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --acl-name (string)
          The name of the Access Control List to delete

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ACL -> (structure)
          The Access Control List object that has been deleted.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the Access Control List

          Status -> (string)
              Indicates  ACL status. Can be "creating", "active", "modifying",
              "deleting".

          UserNames -> (list)
              The list of user names that belong to the ACL.

              (string)

          MinimumEngineVersion -> (string)
              The minimum engine version supported for the ACL

          PendingChanges -> (structure)
              A list of updates being applied to the ACL.

              UserNamesToRemove -> (list)
                 A list of user names being removed from the ACL

                 (string)

              UserNamesToAdd -> (list)
                 A list of users being added to the ACL

                 (string)

          Clusters -> (list)
              A list of clusters associated with the ACL.

              (string)

          ARN -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ACL



                                                                  DELETE-ACL()
