DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()                        DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()



NAME
       describe-parameter-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of parameter group descriptions. If a parameter group
       name is specified, the list contains only  the  descriptions  for  that
       group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-parameter-groups
          [--parameter-group-name <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of a specific parameter group to return details for.

       --max-results (integer)
          The  maximum  number  of records to include in the response. If more
          records exist than the specified MaxResults value, a  token  is  in-
          cluded  in  the  response  so  that the remaining results can be re-
          trieved.

       --next-token (string)
          An optional argument to pass in case the total number of records ex-
          ceeds  the  value of MaxResults. If nextToken is returned, there are
          more results available. The value of nextToken is a  unique  pagina-
          tion token for each page. Make the call again using the returned to-
          ken to retrieve the next page. Keep all other arguments unchanged.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To return a list of parameter groups

       The following describe-parameter-groups` returns a  list  of  parameter
       groups.

          aws memorydb describe-parameter-groups

       Output:

          {
              "ParameterGroups": [
                  {
                      "Name": "default.memorydb-redis6",
                      "Family": "memorydb_redis6",
                      "Description": "Default parameter group for memorydb_redis6",
                      "ARN": "arn:aws:memorydb:us-east-1:491658xxxxxx:parametergroup/default.memorydb-redis6"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Configuring engine parameters using parameter
       groups in the MemoryDB User Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          An optional argument to pass in case the total number of records ex-
          ceeds  the  value of MaxResults. If nextToken is returned, there are
          more results available. The value of nextToken is a  unique  pagina-
          tion token for each page. Make the call again using the returned to-
          ken to retrieve the next page. Keep all other arguments unchanged.

       ParameterGroups -> (list)
          A list of parameter groups. Each element in the  list  contains  de-
          tailed information about one parameter group.

          (structure)
              Represents the output of a CreateParameterGroup operation. A pa-
              rameter group represents a combination of  specific  values  for
              the  parameters  that  are  passed to the engine software during
              startup.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the parameter group

              Family -> (string)
                 The name of the parameter group family  that  this  parameter
                 group is compatible with.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the parameter group

              ARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the parameter group



                                                   DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()
