LIST-ALLOWED-NODE-TYPE-UPDATES()              LIST-ALLOWED-NODE-TYPE-UPDATES()



NAME
       list-allowed-node-type-updates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  available  node types that you can scale to from your clus-
       ter's current node type. When you use the  UpdateCluster  operation  to
       scale  your cluster, the value of the NodeType parameter must be one of
       the node types returned by this operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-allowed-node-type-updates
          --cluster-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-name (string)
          The name of the cluster you want to scale. MemoryDB uses the cluster
          name  to  identify the current node type being used by this cluster,
          and from that to create a list of node types you can scale up to.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ScaleUpNodeTypes -> (list)
          A list node types which you can use to scale up your cluster.

          (string)

       ScaleDownNodeTypes -> (list)
          A list node types which you can use to scale down your cluster.

          (string)



                                              LIST-ALLOWED-NODE-TYPE-UPDATES()
