LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all tags currently on a named resource. A tag is a key-value pair
       where the key and value are case-sensitive. You can use tags to catego-
       rize  and  track  your  MemoryDB  resources.  For more information, see
       Tagging your MemoryDB resources

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource for  which  you  want
          the list of tags

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To return a list of tags

       The following list-tags returns a list of tags.

          aws memorydb list-tags \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:memorydb:us-east-1:491658xxxxxx:cluster/my-cluster

       Output:

          {
              "TagList": [
                  {
                      "Key": "mytag",
                      "Value": "myvalue"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Tagging resources in the MemoryDB User Guide.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags as key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              A  tag  that can be added to an MemoryDB resource. Tags are com-
              posed of a Key/Value pair. You can use tags  to  categorize  and
              track  all  your MemoryDB resources. When you add or remove tags
              on clusters, those actions will be replicated to  all  nodes  in
              the  cluster. A tag with a null Value is permitted. For more in-
              formation, see Tagging your MemoryDB resources

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
