RESET-PARAMETER-GROUP()                                RESET-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       reset-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  parameters  of a parameter group to the engine or system
       default value. You can reset specific parameters by submitting  a  list
       of  parameter  names.  To reset the entire parameter group, specify the
       AllParameters and ParameterGroupName parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-parameter-group
          --parameter-group-name <value>
          [--all-parameters | --no-all-parameters]
          [--parameter-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the parameter group to reset.

       --all-parameters | --no-all-parameters (boolean)
          If true, all parameters in the parameter group are  reset  to  their
          default  values.  If false, only the parameters listed by Parameter-
          Names are reset to their default values.

       --parameter-names (list)
          An array of parameter names to reset to  their  default  values.  If
          AllParameters  is  true, do not use ParameterNames. If AllParameters
          is false, you must specify the name of at least one parameter to re-
          set.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To reset a parameter group

       The following reset-parameter-group` resets a parameter group.

          aws memorydb reset-parameter-group \
              --parameter-group-name my-parameter-group \
              --all-parameters

       Output:

          {
              "ParameterGroup": {
                  "Name": "my-parameter-group",
                  "Family": "memorydb_redis6",
                  "Description": "my parameter group",
                  "ARN": "arn:aws:memorydb:us-east-1:491658xxxxxx:parametergroup/my-parameter-group"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Configuring engine parameters using parameter
       groups in the MemoryDB User Guide.

OUTPUT
       ParameterGroup -> (structure)
          The parameter group being reset.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the parameter group

          Family -> (string)
              The name of the parameter group family that this parameter group
              is compatible with.

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the parameter group

          ARN -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the parameter group



                                                       RESET-PARAMETER-GROUP()
