TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       A  tag  is a key-value pair where the key and value are case-sensitive.
       You can use tags to categorize and track all your  MemoryDB  resources.
       When  you  add or remove tags on clusters, those actions will be repli-
       cated  to  all  nodes  in  the  cluster.  For  more  information,   see
       Resource-level permissions .

       For  example,  you  can  use  cost-allocation tags to your MemoryDB re-
       sources, Amazon generates a cost allocation report as a comma-separated
       value (CSV) file with your usage and costs aggregated by your tags. You
       can apply tags that represent business categories (such  as  cost  cen-
       ters,  application names, or owners) to organize your costs across mul-
       tiple services. For more information, see Using Cost Allocation Tags .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to which the tags are
          to be added

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of  tags to be added to this resource. A tag is a key-value
          pair. A tag key must be accompanied by a tag value, although null is
          accepted.

          (structure)
              A  tag  that can be added to an MemoryDB resource. Tags are com-
              posed of a Key/Value pair. You can use tags  to  categorize  and
              track  all  your MemoryDB resources. When you add or remove tags
              on clusters, those actions will be replicated to  all  nodes  in
              the  cluster. A tag with a null Value is permitted. For more in-
              formation, see Tagging your MemoryDB resources

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags as key-value pairs.

          (structure)
              A tag that can be added to an MemoryDB resource. Tags  are  com-
              posed  of  a  Key/Value pair. You can use tags to categorize and
              track all your MemoryDB resources. When you add or  remove  tags
              on  clusters,  those  actions will be replicated to all nodes in
              the cluster. A tag with a null Value is permitted. For more  in-
              formation, see Tagging your MemoryDB resources

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
