UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Use this operation to remove tags on a resource

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to which the tags are
          to be removed

       --tag-keys (list)
          The list of keys of the tags that are to be removed

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          The list of tags removed

          (structure)
              A  tag  that can be added to an MemoryDB resource. Tags are com-
              posed of a Key/Value pair. You can use tags  to  categorize  and
              track  all  your MemoryDB resources. When you add or remove tags
              on clusters, those actions will be replicated to  all  nodes  in
              the  cluster. A tag with a null Value is permitted. For more in-
              formation, see Tagging your MemoryDB resources

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. May not be null.

              Value -> (string)
                 The tag's value. May be null.



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
