DESCRIBE-CHANNEL-FLOW()                                DESCRIBE-CHANNEL-FLOW()



NAME
       describe-channel-flow -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  full  details of a channel flow in an Amazon Chime AppIn-
       stance . This is a developer API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-channel-flow
          --channel-flow-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-flow-arn (string)
          The ARN of the channel flow.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ChannelFlow -> (structure)
          The channel flow details.

          ChannelFlowArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the channel flow.

          Processors -> (list)
              Information about the processor Lambda functions.

              (structure)
                 The information about a processor in a channel flow.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The name of the channel flow.

                 Configuration -> (structure)
                     The information about the type of processor and its iden-
                     tifier.

                     Lambda -> (structure)
                        Indicates that the processor is of type Lambda.

                        ResourceArn -> (string)
                            The ARN of the Lambda message processing function.

                        InvocationType -> (string)
                            Controls how the Lambda function is invoked.

                 ExecutionOrder -> (integer)
                     The  sequence in which processors run. If you have multi-
                     ple processors in a channel flow, message processing goes
                     through  each processor in the sequence. The value deter-
                     mines the sequence. At this point, we support only 1 pro-
                     cessor within a flow.

                 FallbackAction -> (string)
                     Determines whether to continue with message processing or
                     stop it in cases where  communication  with  a  processor
                     fails.  If a processor has a fallback action of ABORT and
                     communication with it fails, the processor sets the  mes-
                     sage  status  to  FAILED and does not send the message to
                     any recipients. Note that if the last  processor  in  the
                     channel  flow  sequence has a fallback action of CONTINUE
                     and communication with the processor fails, then the mes-
                     sage  is  considered  processed and sent to recipients of
                     the channel.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the channel flow.

          CreatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the channel flow was created.

          LastUpdatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The time at which a channel flow was updated.



                                                       DESCRIBE-CHANNEL-FLOW()
