DISASSOCIATE-CHANNEL-FLOW()                        DISASSOCIATE-CHANNEL-FLOW()



NAME
       disassociate-channel-flow -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a channel flow from all its channels. Once disassociated,
       all messages to that channel stop going through the channel  flow  pro-
       cessor.

       NOTE:
          Only administrators or channel moderators can disassociate a channel
          flow. The x-amz-chime-bearer request header is  mandatory.  Use  the
          AppInstanceUserArn  of the user that makes the API call as the value
          in the header.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-channel-flow
          --channel-arn <value>
          --channel-flow-arn <value>
          --chime-bearer <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The ARN of the channel.

       --channel-flow-arn (string)
          The ARN of the channel flow.

       --chime-bearer (string)
          The AppInstanceUserArn of the user making the API call.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DISASSOCIATE-CHANNEL-FLOW()
