GET-CHANNEL-MESSAGE-STATUS()                      GET-CHANNEL-MESSAGE-STATUS()



NAME
       get-channel-message-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  message status for a specified messageId . Use this API to deter-
       mine the intermediate status of messages  going  through  channel  flow
       processing.  The API provides an alternative to retrieving message sta-
       tus if the event was not received because a client wasn't connected  to
       a websocket.

       Messages can have any one of these statuses.
          SENT

       Message processed successfully
          PENDING

       Ongoing processing
          FAILED

       Processing failed
          DENIED

       Messasge denied by the processor

       NOTE:

          o This  API does not return statuses for denied messages, because we
            don't store them once the processor denies them.

          o Only the message sender can invoke this API.

          o The x-amz-chime-bearer request header is mandatory. Use the AppIn-
            stanceUserArn  of the user that makes the API call as the value in
            the header

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-channel-message-status
          --channel-arn <value>
          --message-id <value>
          --chime-bearer <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          The ARN of the channel

       --message-id (string)
          The ID of the message.

       --chime-bearer (string)
          The AppInstanceUserArn of the user making the API call.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (structure)
          The message status and details.

          Value -> (string)
              The message status value.

          Detail -> (string)
              Contains more details about the messasge status.



                                                  GET-CHANNEL-MESSAGE-STATUS()
