LIST-CHANNEL-FLOWS()                                      LIST-CHANNEL-FLOWS()



NAME
       list-channel-flows -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a paginated lists of all the channel flows created under a sin-
       gle Chime. This is a developer API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-channel-flows
          --app-instance-arn <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --app-instance-arn (string)
          The ARN of the app instance.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of channel flows that you want to return.

       --next-token (string)
          The token passed by previous API calls until all  requested  channel
          flows are returned.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ChannelFlows -> (list)
          The information about each channel flow.

          (structure)
              Summary of details of a channel flow.

              ChannelFlowArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the channel flow.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the channel flow.

              Processors -> (list)
                 Information about the processor Lambda functions.

                 (structure)
                     The information about a processor in a channel flow.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the channel flow.

                     Configuration -> (structure)
                        The  information  about  the type of processor and its
                        identifier.

                        Lambda -> (structure)
                            Indicates that the processor is of type Lambda.

                            ResourceArn -> (string)
                               The ARN of the Lambda message processing  func-
                               tion.

                            InvocationType -> (string)
                               Controls how the Lambda function is invoked.

                     ExecutionOrder -> (integer)
                        The sequence in which processors run. If you have mul-
                        tiple processors in a channel flow, message processing
                        goes through each processor in the sequence. The value
                        determines the sequence. At  this  point,  we  support
                        only 1 processor within a flow.

                     FallbackAction -> (string)
                        Determines whether to continue with message processing
                        or stop it in cases where communication with a proces-
                        sor  fails.  If  a  processor has a fallback action of
                        ABORT and communication with it fails,  the  processor
                        sets  the  message  status to FAILED and does not send
                        the message to any recipients. Note that if  the  last
                        processor  in the channel flow sequence has a fallback
                        action of CONTINUE and communication with the  proces-
                        sor  fails,  then  the message is considered processed
                        and sent to recipients of the channel.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token passed by previous API calls until all requested  channels
          are returned.



                                                          LIST-CHANNEL-FLOWS()
