DELETE-NAMESPACE()                                          DELETE-NAMESPACE()



NAME
       delete-namespace -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  namespace  from the current account. If the namespace still
       contains one or more services, the request fails.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-namespace
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the namespace that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a namespace

       The following delete-namespace example deletes a namespace.

          aws servicediscovery delete-namespace \
              --id ns-ylexjili4cdxy3xm

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "gv4g5meo7ndmeh4fqskygvk23d2fijwa-k98y6drk"
          }

       To confirm that the operation succeeded, you can run get-operation. For
       more information, see get-operation .

       For  more information, see Deleting namespaces in the AWS Cloud Map De-
       veloper Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          A value that you can use to determine whether the request  completed
          successfully. To get the status of the operation, see GetOperation .



                                                            DELETE-NAMESPACE()
