DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()                                    DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()



NAME
       deregister-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the Amazon Route 53 DNS records and health check, if any, that
       Cloud Map created for the specified instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-instance
          --service-id <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-id (string)
          The ID of the service that the instance is associated with.

       --instance-id (string)
          The value that you specified for Id in the RegisterInstance request.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister a service instance

       The  following  deregister-instance  example  deregisters a service in-
       stance.

          aws servicediscovery deregister-instance \
              --service-id srv-p5zdwlg5uvvzjita \
              --instance-id myservice-53

       Output:

          {
              "OperationId": "4yejorelbukcjzpnr6tlmrghsjwpngf4-k98rnaiq"
          }

       To confirm that the operation succeeded, you can run get-operation. For
       more information, see get-operation .

       For  more  information,  see Deregistering service instances in the AWS
       Cloud Map Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       OperationId -> (string)
          A value that you can use to determine whether the request  completed
          successfully. To get the status of the operation, see GetOperation .



                                                         DEREGISTER-INSTANCE()
