GET-NAMESPACE()                                                GET-NAMESPACE()



NAME
       get-namespace -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about a namespace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-namespace
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the namespace that you want to get information about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Namespace -> (structure)
          A  complex  type that contains information about the specified name-
          space.

          Id -> (string)
              The ID of a namespace.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that Cloud  Map  assigns  to  the
              namespace when you create it.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the namespace, such as example.com .

          Type -> (string)
              The type of the namespace. The methods for discovering instances
              depends on the value that you specify:
                 HTTP

              Instances can be discovered  only  programmatically,  using  the
              Cloud Map DiscoverInstances API.
                 DNS_PUBLIC

              Instances  can  be discovered using public DNS queries and using
              the DiscoverInstances API.
                 DNS_PRIVATE

              Instances can be discovered using DNS queries in VPCs and  using
              the DiscoverInstances API.

          Description -> (string)
              The description that you specify for the namespace when you cre-
              ate it.

          ServiceCount -> (integer)
              The number of services that are associated with the namespace.

          Properties -> (structure)
              A complex type that contains information that's specific to  the
              type of the namespace.

              DnsProperties -> (structure)
                 A  complex  type that contains the ID for the Route 53 hosted
                 zone that Cloud Map creates when you create a namespace.

                 HostedZoneId -> (string)
                     The ID for the Route 53 hosted zone that Cloud  Map  cre-
                     ates when you create a namespace.

                 SOA -> (structure)
                     Start of Authority (SOA) record for the hosted zone.

                     TTL -> (long)
                        The  time  to  live  (TTL)  for  purposes  of negative
                        caching.

              HttpProperties -> (structure)
                 A complex type that contains the name of an HTTP namespace.

                 HttpName -> (string)
                     The name of an HTTP namespace.

          CreateDate -> (timestamp)
              The date that the namespace was created, in Unix date/time  for-
              mat  and  Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The value of Create-
              Date  is  accurate  to  milliseconds.  For  example,  the  value
              1516925490.087  represents Friday, January 26, 2018 12:11:30.087
              AM.

          CreatorRequestId -> (string)
              A unique string that identifies  the  request  and  that  allows
              failed requests to be retried without the risk of running an op-
              eration twice.



                                                               GET-NAMESPACE()
