DELETE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()                              DELETE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()



NAME
       delete-virtual-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a virtual cluster. Virtual cluster is a managed entity on Ama-
       zon EMR on EKS. You can create, describe, list and delete virtual clus-
       ters.  They  do  not  consume any additional resource in your system. A
       single virtual cluster maps to a  single  Kubernetes  namespace.  Given
       this  relationship,  you  can  model  virtual clusters the same way you
       model Kubernetes namespaces to meet your requirements.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-virtual-cluster
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the virtual cluster that will be deleted.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          This output contains the ID of the  virtual  cluster  that  will  be
          deleted.



                                                      DELETE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()
