DELETE-MANAGED-ENDPOINT()                            DELETE-MANAGED-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-managed-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  managed endpoint. A managed endpoint is a gateway that con-
       nects EMR Studio to Amazon EMR on EKS so that EMR Studio  can  communi-
       cate with your virtual cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-managed-endpoint
          --id <value>
          --virtual-cluster-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the managed endpoint.

       --virtual-cluster-id (string)
          The ID of the endpoint's virtual cluster.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          The output displays the ID of the managed endpoint.

       virtualClusterId -> (string)
          The output displays the ID of the endpoint's virtual cluster.



                                                     DELETE-MANAGED-ENDPOINT()
