DESCRIBE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()                          DESCRIBE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()



NAME
       describe-virtual-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays  detailed  information about a specified virtual cluster. Vir-
       tual cluster is a managed entity on Amazon EMR on EKS. You can  create,
       describe, list and delete virtual clusters. They do not consume any ad-
       ditional resource in your system. A single virtual cluster  maps  to  a
       single  Kubernetes  namespace.  Given  this relationship, you can model
       virtual clusters the same way you model Kubernetes namespaces  to  meet
       your requirements.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-virtual-cluster
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the virtual cluster that will be described.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       virtualCluster -> (structure)
          This  output  displays information about the specified virtual clus-
          ter.

          id -> (string)
              The ID of the virtual cluster.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the virtual cluster.

          arn -> (string)
              The ARN of the virtual cluster.

          state -> (string)
              The state of the virtual cluster.

          containerProvider -> (structure)
              The container provider of the virtual cluster.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of the container provider. EKS is the only supported
                 type as of now.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the container cluster.

              info -> (structure)
                 The information about the container cluster.

                 eksInfo -> (structure)
                     The information about the EKS cluster.

                     namespace -> (string)
                        The namespaces of the EKS cluster.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The date and time when the virtual cluster is created.

          tags -> (map)
              The assigned tags of the virtual cluster.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                    DESCRIBE-VIRTUAL-CLUSTER()
