ASSET-MODEL-NOT-EXISTS()                              ASSET-MODEL-NOT-EXISTS()



NAME
       asset-model-not-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  ResourceNotFoundException  is thrown when polling with de-
       scribe-asset-model. It will poll every 3  seconds  until  a  successful
       state  has been reached. This will exit with a return code of 255 after
       20 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            asset-model-not-exists
          --asset-model-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-model-id (string)
          The ID of the asset model.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait for an asset model to not exist

       The following wait asset-model-not-exists example  pauses  and  resumes
       only after it can confirm that the specified asset model doesn't exist.

          aws iotsitewise wait asset-model-not-exists \
              --asset-model-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-11111EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting asset models in the AWS IoT SiteWise
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      ASSET-MODEL-NOT-EXISTS()
