ASSET-NOT-EXISTS()                                          ASSET-NOT-EXISTS()



NAME
       asset-not-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  ResourceNotFoundException  is thrown when polling with de-
       scribe-asset. It will poll every 3 seconds until a successful state has
       been  reached. This will exit with a return code of 255 after 20 failed
       checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            asset-not-exists
          --asset-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --asset-id (string)
          The ID of the asset.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait for an asset to not exist

       The following wait asset-not-exists example pauses and resumes only af-
       ter it can confirm that the specified asset doesn't exist.

          aws iotsitewise wait asset-not-exists \
              --asset-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-33333EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting assets in the AWS IoT SiteWise  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            ASSET-NOT-EXISTS()
