PORTAL-NOT-EXISTS()                                        PORTAL-NOT-EXISTS()



NAME
       portal-not-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  ResourceNotFoundException  is thrown when polling with de-
       scribe-portal. It will poll every 3 seconds until  a  successful  state
       has  been  reached.  This  will exit with a return code of 255 after 20
       failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            portal-not-exists
          --portal-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --portal-id (string)
          The ID of the portal.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To wait for a portal to not exist

       The  following  wait  portal-not-exists example pauses and resumes only
       after it can confirm that the specified portal doesn't exist.

          aws iotsitewise wait portal-not-exists \
              --portal-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-aaaaaEXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Administering your portals  in  the  AWS  IoT
       SiteWise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           PORTAL-NOT-EXISTS()
