PORTAL-ACTIVE()                                                PORTAL-ACTIVE()



NAME
       portal-active -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query  portalStatus.state  returns  ACTIVE  when
       polling with describe-portal. It will poll every 3 seconds until a suc-
       cessful  state  has  been reached. This will exit with a return code of
       255 after 20 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            portal-active
          --portal-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --portal-id (string)
          The ID of the portal.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To wait for a portal to be active

       The following wait portal-active example pauses and resumes only  after
       it can confirm that the specified portal is active.

          aws iotsitewise wait portal-active \
              --portal-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-aaaaaEXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Administering your portals in the AWS IoT
       SiteWise User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               PORTAL-ACTIVE()
