COPY-IMAGE()                                                      COPY-IMAGE()



NAME
       copy-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Copies  the  image within the same region or to a new region within the
       same AWS account. Note that any tags you added to the image will not be
       copied.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            copy-image
          --source-image-name <value>
          --destination-image-name <value>
          --destination-region <value>
          [--destination-image-description <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-image-name (string)
          The name of the image to copy.

       --destination-image-name (string)
          The  name that the image will have when it is copied to the destina-
          tion.

       --destination-region (string)
          The destination region to which the image will be copied.  This  pa-
          rameter  is  required,  even  if you are copying an image within the
          same region.

       --destination-image-description (string)
          The description that the image will have when it is  copied  to  the
          destination.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DestinationImageName -> (string)
          The name of the destination image.



                                                                  COPY-IMAGE()
