CREATE-USER()                                                    CREATE-USER()



NAME
       create-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a new user in the user pool.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-user
          --user-name <value>
          [--message-action <value>]
          [--first-name <value>]
          [--last-name <value>]
          --authentication-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The email address of the user.

          NOTE:
              Users' email addresses are case-sensitive. During login, if they
              specify an email address that doesn't use the  same  capitaliza-
              tion as the email address specified when their user pool account
              was created, a "user does not exist" error message displays.

       --message-action (string)
          The action to take for the welcome email that is sent to a user  af-
          ter  the  user is created in the user pool. If you specify SUPPRESS,
          no email is sent. If you specify RESEND, do not  specify  the  first
          name  or  last  name of the user. If the value is null, the email is
          sent.

          NOTE:
              The temporary password in the welcome email is valid for only  7
              days.  If users dont set their passwords within 7 days, you must
              send them a new welcome email.

          Possible values:

          o SUPPRESS

          o RESEND

       --first-name (string)
          The first name, or given name, of the user.

       --last-name (string)
          The last name, or surname, of the user.

       --authentication-type (string)
          The authentication type for the user. You must specify USERPOOL.

          Possible values:

          o API

          o SAML

          o USERPOOL

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 CREATE-USER()
