CREATE-USAGE-REPORT-SUBSCRIPTION()          CREATE-USAGE-REPORT-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       create-usage-report-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a usage report subscription. Usage reports are generated daily.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-usage-report-subscription
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       S3BucketName -> (string)
          The Amazon S3 bucket where generated reports are stored.

          If you enabled on-instance session scripts and Amazon S3 logging for
          your  session  script  configuration,  AppStream  2.0  created an S3
          bucket to store the script output. The bucket is unique to your  ac-
          count and Region. When you enable usage reporting in this case, App-
          Stream 2.0 uses the same bucket to store your usage reports. If  you
          haven't already enabled on-instance session scripts, when you enable
          usage reports, AppStream 2.0 creates a new S3 bucket.

       Schedule -> (string)
          The schedule for generating usage reports.



                                            CREATE-USAGE-REPORT-SUBSCRIPTION()
