DESCRIBE-DIRECTORY-CONFIGS()                      DESCRIBE-DIRECTORY-CONFIGS()



NAME
       describe-directory-configs -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a list that describes one or more specified Directory Config
       objects for AppStream 2.0, if the names for these objects are provided.
       Otherwise,  all  Directory Config objects in the account are described.
       These objects include the configuration information  required  to  join
       fleets and image builders to Microsoft Active Directory domains.

       Although  the  response syntax in this topic includes the account pass-
       word, this password is not returned in the actual response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-directory-configs is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: DirectoryConfigs

SYNOPSIS
            describe-directory-configs
          [--directory-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --directory-names (list)
          The directory names.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DirectoryConfigs -> (list)
          Information  about  the directory configurations. Note that although
          the response syntax in this topic  includes  the  account  password,
          this password is not returned in the actual response.

          (structure)
              Describes  the configuration information required to join fleets
              and image builders to Microsoft Active Directory domains.

              DirectoryName -> (string)
                 The fully qualified  name  of  the  directory  (for  example,
                 corp.example.com).

              OrganizationalUnitDistinguishedNames -> (list)
                 The  distinguished names of the organizational units for com-
                 puter accounts.

                 (string)

              ServiceAccountCredentials -> (structure)
                 The credentials for the service account used by the fleet  or
                 image builder to connect to the directory.

                 AccountName -> (string)
                     The  user name of the account. This account must have the
                     following privileges: create computer objects, join  com-
                     puters  to  the  domain, and change/reset the password on
                     descendant computer objects for the organizational  units
                     specified.

                 AccountPassword -> (string)
                     The password for the account.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time the directory configuration was created.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                                  DESCRIBE-DIRECTORY-CONFIGS()
