DESCRIBE-ENTITLEMENTS()                                DESCRIBE-ENTITLEMENTS()



NAME
       describe-entitlements -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a list that describes one of more entitlements.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-entitlements
          [--name <value>]
          --stack-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the entitlement.

       --stack-name (string)
          The name of the stack with which the entitlement is associated.

       --next-token (string)
          The  pagination  token used to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum size of each page of results.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entitlements -> (list)
          The entitlements.

          (structure)
              Specifies  an  entitlement.  Entitlements control access to spe-
              cific applications within a stack, based on user attributes. En-
              titlements  apply  to SAML 2.0 federated user identities. Amazon
              AppStream 2.0 user pool and streaming URL users are entitled  to
              all  applications  in  a  stack. Entitlements don't apply to the
              desktop stream view application, or to applications managed by a
              dynamic app provider using the Dynamic Application Framework.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the entitlement.

              StackName -> (string)
                 The  name  of the stack with which the entitlement is associ-
                 ated.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the entitlement.

              AppVisibility -> (string)
                 Specifies whether all or selected apps are entitled.

              Attributes -> (list)
                 The attributes of the entitlement.

                 (structure)
                     An attribute associated with an entitlement.  Application
                     entitlements work by matching a supported SAML 2.0 attri-
                     bute name to a value when a user identity federates to an
                     Amazon AppStream 2.0 SAML application.

                     Name -> (string)
                        A  supported  AWS IAM SAML PrincipalTag attribute that
                        is matched to the associated value when a  user  iden-
                        tity  federates  into an Amazon AppStream 2.0 SAML ap-
                        plication.

                        The following are valid values:

                        o roles

                        o department

                        o organization

                        o groups

                        o title

                        o costCenter

                        o userType

                     Value -> (string)
                        A value that is matched to a supported SAML  attribute
                        name  when  a  user  identity federates into an Amazon
                        AppStream 2.0 SAML application.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the entitlement was created.

              LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the entitlement was last modified.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token used to retrieve the next page of  results  for
          this operation.



                                                       DESCRIBE-ENTITLEMENTS()
