DESCRIBE-USERS()                                              DESCRIBE-USERS()



NAME
       describe-users -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a list that describes one or more specified users in the user
       pool.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-users is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Users

SYNOPSIS
            describe-users
          --authentication-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-type (string)
          The  authentication type for the users in the user pool to describe.
          You must specify USERPOOL.

          Possible values:

          o API

          o SAML

          o USERPOOL

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Users -> (list)
          Information about users in the user pool.

          (structure)
              Describes a user in the user pool.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the user.

              UserName -> (string)
                 The email address of the user.

                 NOTE:
                     Users' email addresses are case-sensitive.

              Enabled -> (boolean)
                 Specifies whether the user in the user pool is enabled.

              Status -> (string)
                 The  status  of  the user in the user pool. The status can be
                 one of the following:

                 o UNCONFIRMED  The user is created but not confirmed.

                 o CONFIRMED  The user is confirmed.

                 o ARCHIVED  The user is no longer active.

                 o COMPROMISED  The user is disabled because  of  a  potential
                   security threat.

                 o UNKNOWN  The user status is not known.

              FirstName -> (string)
                 The first name, or given name, of the user.

              LastName -> (string)
                 The last name, or surname, of the user.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time the user was created in the user pool.

              AuthenticationType -> (string)
                 The authentication type for the user.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                                              DESCRIBE-USERS()
