LIST-ASSOCIATED-STACKS()                              LIST-ASSOCIATED-STACKS()



NAME
       list-associated-stacks -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the name of the stack with which the specified fleet is asso-
       ciated.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-associated-stacks is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Names

SYNOPSIS
            list-associated-stacks
          --fleet-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --fleet-name (string)
          The name of the fleet.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Names -> (list)
          The name of the stack.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                                      LIST-ASSOCIATED-STACKS()
