ATTACH-POLICY()                                                ATTACH-POLICY()



NAME
       attach-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  a  policy to a root, an organizational unit (OU), or an indi-
       vidual account. How the policy affects accounts depends on the type  of
       policy. Refer to the AWS Organizations User Guide for information about
       each policy type:

       o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

       o BACKUP_POLICY

       o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

       o TAG_POLICY

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-policy
          --policy-id <value>
          --target-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-id (string)
          The  unique identifier (ID) of the policy that you want to attach to
          the target. You can get the ID for the policy by calling the   List-
          Policies operation.

          The  regex  pattern for a policy ID string requires "p-" followed by
          from 8 to 128 lowercase or uppercase letters, digits, or the  under-
          score character (_).

       --target-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root, OU, or account that you want
          to attach the policy to. You can get the ID by  calling  the   List-
          Roots  ,  ListOrganizationalUnitsForParent , or  ListAccounts opera-
          tions.

          The regex pattern for a target ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root  -  A  string  that begins with "r-" followed by from 4 to 32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Account - A string that consists of exactly 12 digits.

          o Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins  with  "ou-"  fol-
            lowed  by  from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID of the
            root that the OU is in). This string is followed by a  second  "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a policy to a root, OU, or account

       Example 1

       The following example shows how to  attach  a  service  control  policy
       (SCP) to an OU:

          aws organizations attach-policy
                          --policy-id p-examplepolicyid111
                          --target-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

       Example 2

       The  following example shows how to attach a service control policy di-
       rectly to an account:

          aws organizations attach-policy
                          --policy-id p-examplepolicyid111
                          --target-id 333333333333

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               ATTACH-POLICY()
