CREATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()                      CREATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()



NAME
       create-organizational-unit -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  organizational unit (OU) within a root or parent OU. An OU
       is a container for accounts that enables you to organize your  accounts
       to  apply  policies according to your business requirements. The number
       of levels deep that you can nest OUs is dependent upon the policy types
       enabled for that root. For service control policies, the limit is five.

       For  more  information  about OUs, see Managing Organizational Units in
       the Organizations User Guide.

       If the request includes tags, then the requester must have the  organi-
       zations:TagResource permission.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-organizational-unit
          --parent-id <value>
          --name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parent-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the parent root or OU that you want to
          create the new OU in.

          The regex pattern for a parent ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by  from  4  to  32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Organizational  unit  (OU)  - A string that begins with "ou-" fol-
            lowed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID  of  the
            root  that  the OU is in). This string is followed by a second "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --name (string)
          The friendly name to assign to the new OU.

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created OU.  For
          each  tag  in the list, you must specify both a tag key and a value.
          You can set the value to an empty string, but you can't  set  it  to
          null . For more information about tagging, see Tagging Organizations
          resources in the Organizations User Guide.

          NOTE:
              If any one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed  the  allowed
              number  of tags for an OU, then the entire request fails and the
              OU is not created.

          (structure)
              A custom key-value pair associated with a resource  within  your
              organization.

              You  can  attach  tags  to any of the following organization re-
              sources.

              o Amazon Web Services account

              o Organizational unit (OU)

              o Organization root

              o Policy

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The string value that's associated with the key of  the  tag.
                 You  can  set  the value of a tag to an empty string, but you
                 can't set the value of a tag to null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create an OU in a root or parent OU

       The following example shows how to create  an  OU  that  is  named  Ac-
       countingOU:

          aws organizations create-organizational-unit --parent-id r-examplerootid111 --name AccountingOU

       The output includes an organizationalUnit object with details about the
       new OU:

          {
                  "OrganizationalUnit": {
                          "Id": "ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:ou/o-exampleorgid/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                          "Name": "AccountingOU"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       OrganizationalUnit -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about the newly created OU.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) associated with this OU.

              The regex pattern for an organizational unit ID string  requires
              "ou-"  followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the
              ID of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by
              a  second "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters
              or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this OU.

              For more information about ARNs in Organizations, see  ARN  For-
              mats  Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services Ser-
              vice Authorization Reference .

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of this OU.

              The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter  is  a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.



                                                  CREATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()
