CREATE-ACCOUNT()                                              CREATE-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       create-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  Amazon Web Services account that is automatically a member
       of the organization whose credentials made  the  request.  This  is  an
       asynchronous  request  that  Amazon  Web Services performs in the back-
       ground. Because CreateAccount operates asynchronously, it can return  a
       successful  completion message even though account initialization might
       still be in progress. You might need to wait a few minutes  before  you
       can  successfully  access  the  account. To check the status of the re-
       quest, do one of the following:

       o Use the Id value of the  CreateAccountStatus  response  element  from
         this  operation  to  provide as a parameter to the  DescribeCreateAc-
         countStatus operation.

       o Check the CloudTrail log for the CreateAccountResult event.  For  in-
         formation  on  using  CloudTrail  with Organizations, see Logging and
         monitoring in Organizations in the Organizations User Guide.

       The user who calls the API to create an account must have the organiza-
       tions:CreateAccount  permission. If you enabled all features in the or-
       ganization, Organizations  creates  the  required  service-linked  role
       named   AWSServiceRoleForOrganizations  .  For  more  information,  see
       Organizations and Service-Linked Roles in the Organizations User  Guide
       .

       If  the request includes tags, then the requester must have the organi-
       zations:TagResource permission.

       Organizations preconfigures the new member account with a  role  (named
       OrganizationAccountAccessRole by default) that grants users in the man-
       agement account administrator permissions in the  new  member  account.
       Principals in the management account can assume the role. Organizations
       clones the company name and address information  for  the  new  account
       from the organization's management account.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       For more information about creating accounts, see  Creating  an  Amazon
       Web  Services  account  in  Your Organization in the Organizations User
       Guide.

       WARNING:

          o When you create an account in an organization using the  Organiza-
            tions  console, API, or CLI commands, the information required for
            the account to operate as a standalone account, such as a  payment
            method  and  signing  the end user license agreement (EULA) is not
            automatically collected. If you must remove an account  from  your
            organization later, you can do so only after you provide the miss-
            ing information. Follow the steps at To leave an organization as a
            member account in the Organizations User Guide .

          o If  you get an exception that indicates that you exceeded your ac-
            count limits for the organization,  contact  Amazon  Web  Services
            Support .

          o If  you  get an exception that indicates that the operation failed
            because your organization is still initializing, wait one hour and
            then try again. If the error persists, contact Amazon Web Services
            Support .

          o Using CreateAccount to create multiple  temporary  accounts  isn't
            recommended.  You  can  only close an account from the Billing and
            Cost Management console, and you must be signed  in  as  the  root
            user.  For information on the requirements and process for closing
            an account, see Closing an Amazon Web Services account in the  Or-
            ganizations User Guide .

       NOTE:
          When you create a member account with this operation, you can choose
          whether to create the account with the IAM User and Role  Access  to
          Billing  Information switch enabled. If you enable it, IAM users and
          roles that have appropriate permissions can view billing information
          for  the  account. If you disable it, only the account root user can
          access billing information. For information  about  how  to  disable
          this  switch for an account, see Granting Access to Your Billing In-
          formation and Tools .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-account
          --email <value>
          --account-name <value>
          [--role-name <value>]
          [--iam-user-access-to-billing <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email (string)
          The email address of the owner to assign to the new member  account.
          This  email address must not already be associated with another Ama-
          zon Web Services account. You must use a valid email address to com-
          plete account creation.

          The rules for a valid email address:

          o The  address must be a minimum of 6 and a maximum of 64 characters
            long.

          o All characters must be 7-bit ASCII characters.

          o There must be one and only one @ symbol, which separates the local
            name from the domain name.

          o The  local  name  can't  contain  any of the following characters:
            whitespace, " ' ( ) < > [ ] : ; , | % &

          o The local name can't begin with a dot (.)

          o The   domain   name   can   consist   of   only   the   characters
            [a-z],[A-Z],[0-9], hyphen (-), or dot (.)

          o The domain name can't begin or end with a hyphen (-) or dot (.)

          o The domain name must contain at least one dot

          You  can't  access the root user of the account or remove an account
          that was created with an invalid email address.

       --account-name (string)
          The friendly name of the member account.

       --role-name (string)
          The name of an IAM role that Organizations automatically  preconfig-
          ures  in the new member account. This role trusts the management ac-
          count, allowing users in the management account to assume the  role,
          as  permitted  by the management account administrator. The role has
          administrator permissions in the new member account.

          If you don't specify this parameter, the role name defaults to Orga-
          nizationAccountAccessRole .

          For more information about how to use this role to access the member
          account, see the following links:

          o Accessing and Administering the Member Accounts in Your  Organiza-
            tion in the Organizations User Guide

          o Steps  2 and 3 in Tutorial: Delegate Access Across Amazon Web Ser-
            vices accounts Using IAM Roles in the IAM User Guide

          The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter. The  pat-
          tern  can  include uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits with
          no spaces, and any of the following characters: =,.@-

       --iam-user-access-to-billing (string)
          If set to ALLOW , the new account enables IAM users  to  access  ac-
          count  billing information if they have the required permissions. If
          set to DENY , only the root user of the new account can  access  ac-
          count  billing information. For more information, see Activating Ac-
          cess to the Billing and Cost Management Console in  the  Amazon  Web
          Services Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

          If  you  don't specify this parameter, the value defaults to ALLOW ,
          and IAM users and roles with the  required  permissions  can  access
          billing information for the new account.

          Possible values:

          o ALLOW

          o DENY

       --tags (list)
          A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created account.
          For each tag in the list, you must specify both  a  tag  key  and  a
          value.  You  can set the value to an empty string, but you can't set
          it to null . For more information about tagging, see Tagging Organi-
          zations resources in the Organizations User Guide.

          NOTE:
              If  any  one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the maximum
              allowed number of tags for an account, then the  entire  request
              fails and the account is not created.

          (structure)
              A  custom  key-value pair associated with a resource within your
              organization.

              You can attach tags to any of  the  following  organization  re-
              sources.

              o Amazon Web Services account

              o Organizational unit (OU)

              o Organization root

              o Policy

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  string  value that's associated with the key of the tag.
                 You can set the value of a tag to an empty  string,  but  you
                 can't set the value of a tag to null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To  create a member account that is automatically part of the organiza-
       tion

       The following example shows how to create a member account in an  orga-
       nization. The member account is configured with the name Production Ac-
       count and the email address of susan@example.com.  Organizations  auto-
       matically creates an IAM role using the default name of OrganizationAc-
       countAccessRole because the roleName parameter is not specified.  Also,
       the  setting that allows IAM users or roles with sufficient permissions
       to access account billing data is set to the default value of ALLOW be-
       cause  the IamUserAccessToBilling parameter is not specified. Organiza-
       tions automatically sends Susan a "Welcome to AWS" email:

          aws organizations create-account --email susan@example.com --account-name "Production Account"

       The output includes a request object that shows that the status is  now
       IN_PROGRESS:

          {
                  "CreateAccountStatus": {
                          "State": "IN_PROGRESS",
                          "Id": "car-examplecreateaccountrequestid111"
                  }
          }

       You  can later query the current status of the request by providing the
       Id response value to the describe-create-account-status command as  the
       value for the create-account-request-id parameter.

       For  more information, see Creating an AWS Account in Your Organization
       in the AWS Organizations Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       CreateAccountStatus -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about the request to create an ac-
          count. This response structure might not be fully populated when you
          first  receive  it  because  account  creation  is  an  asynchronous
          process.  You  can pass the returned CreateAccountStatus ID as a pa-
          rameter to  DescribeCreateAccountStatus  to  get  status  about  the
          progress  of  the  request  at  later  times. You can also check the
          CloudTrail log for the CreateAccountResult event. For more  informa-
          tion,  see Monitoring the Activity in Your Organization in the Orga-
          nizations User Guide .

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) that references this request. You get
              this  value  from the response of the initial  CreateAccount re-
              quest to create the account.

              The regex pattern for a create account  request  ID  string  re-
              quires "car-" followed by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or dig-
              its.

          AccountName -> (string)
              The account name given to the account when it was created.

          State -> (string)
              The status of the asynchronous request to create an  Amazon  Web
              Services account.

          RequestedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the request was made for the account cre-
              ation.

          CompletedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the account was created and  the  request
              completed.

          AccountId -> (string)
              If  the  account was created successfully, the unique identifier
              (ID) of the new account.

              The regex pattern for an account ID string requires  exactly  12
              digits.

          GovCloudAccountId -> (string)
              If  the  account was created successfully, the unique identifier
              (ID) of the new account in the Amazon Web Services GovCloud (US)
              Region.

          FailureReason -> (string)
              If the request failed, a description of the reason for the fail-
              ure.

              o ACCOUNT_LIMIT_EXCEEDED: The account couldn't  be  created  be-
                cause  you reached the limit on the number of accounts in your
                organization.

              o CONCURRENT_ACCOUNT_MODIFICATION: You already submitted  a  re-
                quest with the same information.

              o EMAIL_ALREADY_EXISTS: The account could not be created because
                another Amazon Web Services account with  that  email  address
                already exists.

              o FAILED_BUSINESS_VALIDATION:  The  Amazon  Web Services account
                that owns your organization failed to receive business license
                validation.

              o GOVCLOUD_ACCOUNT_ALREADY_EXISTS: The account in the Amazon Web
                Services GovCloud (US) Region could  not  be  created  because
                this  Region  already  includes an account with that email ad-
                dress.

              o IDENTITY_INVALID_BUSINESS_VALIDATION: The Amazon Web  Services
                account  that  owns  your organization can't complete business
                license validation because  it  doesn't  have  valid  identity
                data.

              o INVALID_ADDRESS:  The account could not be created because the
                address you provided is not valid.

              o INVALID_EMAIL: The account could not be  created  because  the
                email address you provided is not valid.

              o INVALID_PAYMENT_INSTRUMENT:  The  Amazon  Web Services account
                that owns your organization does not have a supported  payment
                method  associated  with the account. Amazon Web Services does
                not support cards issued by financial institutions  in  Russia
                or Belarus. For more information, see Managing your Amazon Web
                Services payments .

              o INTERNAL_FAILURE: The account could not be created because  of
                an internal failure. Try again later. If the problem persists,
                contact Amazon Web Services Customer Support.

              o MISSING_BUSINESS_VALIDATION: The Amazon Web  Services  account
                that  owns your organization has not received Business Valida-
                tion.

              o MISSING_PAYMENT_INSTRUMENT: You must configure the  management
                account with a valid payment method, such as a credit card.

              o PENDING_BUSINESS_VALIDATION:  The  Amazon Web Services account
                that owns your organization is still in the  process  of  com-
                pleting business license validation.

              o UNKNOWN_BUSINESS_VALIDATION:  The  Amazon Web Services account
                that owns your organization has an unknown issue with business
                license validation.



                                                              CREATE-ACCOUNT()
