DELETE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()                      DELETE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()



NAME
       delete-organizational-unit -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an organizational unit (OU) from a root or another OU. You must
       first remove all accounts and child OUs from the OU that  you  want  to
       delete.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-organizational-unit
          --organizational-unit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organizational-unit-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the organizational unit that you  want
          to  delete. You can get the ID from the  ListOrganizationalUnitsFor-
          Parent operation.

          The regex pattern for an  organizational  unit  ID  string  requires
          "ou-"  followed  by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID
          of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by a sec-
          ond  "-"  dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or dig-
          its.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an OU

       The following example shows how to delete an OU.  The  example  assumes
       that you previously removed all accounts and other OUs from the OU:

          aws organizations delete-organizational-unit --organizational-unit-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()
