DELETE-ORGANIZATION()                                    DELETE-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       delete-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the organization. You can delete an organization only by using
       credentials from the management account. The organization must be empty
       of member accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-organization
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an organization

       The  following  example shows how to delete an organization. To perform
       this operation, you must be an admin of the master account in the orga-
       nization.  The example assumes that you previously removed all the mem-
       ber accounts, OUs, and policies from the organization:

          aws organizations delete-organization

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-ORGANIZATION()
