DEREGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()      DEREGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()



NAME
       deregister-delegated-administrator -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified member AWS account as a delegated administrator
       for the specified AWS service.

       WARNING:
          Deregistering a delegated administrator can have unintended  impacts
          on  the functionality of the enabled AWS service. See the documenta-
          tion for the enabled service before you deregister a  delegated  ad-
          ministrator so that you understand any potential impacts.

       You  can  run  this action only for AWS services that support this fea-
       ture. For a current list of services that support it,  see  the  column
       Supports  Delegated Administrator in the table at AWS Services that you
       can use with AWS Organizations in the AWS Organizations User Guide.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-delegated-administrator
          --account-id <value>
          --service-principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID number of the member account in the organization that
          you want to deregister as a delegated administrator.

       --service-principal (string)
          The service principal name of an AWS service for which  the  account
          is a delegated administrator.

          Delegated  administrator  privileges are revoked for only the speci-
          fied AWS service from the member account. If the  specified  service
          is  the only service for which the member account is a delegated ad-
          ministrator, the operation also revokes  Organizations  read  action
          permissions.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DEREGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()
