DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT()                                          DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       describe-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves AWS Organizations-related information about the specified ac-
       count.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the AWS account that you want informa-
          tion  about.  You  can get the ID from the  ListAccounts or  ListAc-
          countsForParent operations.

          The regex pattern for an account ID string requires exactly 12  dig-
          its.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the details about an account

       The  following  example  shows  you how to request details about an ac-
       count:

          aws organizations describe-account --account-id 555555555555

       The output shows an account object with the details about the account:

          {
                  "Account": {
                          "Id": "555555555555",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:account/o-exampleorgid/555555555555",
                          "Name": "Beta account",
                          "Email": "anika@example.com",
                          "JoinedMethod": "INVITED",
                          "JoinedTimeStamp": 1481756563.134,
                          "Status": "ACTIVE"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Account -> (structure)
          A structure that contains information about the requested account.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) of the account.

              The regex pattern for an account ID string requires  exactly  12
              digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Authorization
              Reference .

          Email -> (string)
              The email address associated with the AWS account.

              The  regex  pattern for this parameter is a string of characters
              that represents a standard internet email address.

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of the account.

              The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter  is  a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the account in the organization.

          JoinedMethod -> (string)
              The method by which the account joined the organization.

          JoinedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date the account became a part of the organization.



                                                            DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT()
