DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()                  DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()



NAME
       describe-organizational-unit -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about an organizational unit (OU).

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-organizational-unit
          --organizational-unit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organizational-unit-id (string)
          The  unique identifier (ID) of the organizational unit that you want
          details about. You can get the ID from the  ListOrganizationalUnits-
          ForParent operation.

          The  regex  pattern  for  an  organizational unit ID string requires
          "ou-" followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits  (the  ID
          of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by a sec-
          ond "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters  or  dig-
          its.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about an OU

       The  following  describe-organizational-unit  example  requests details
       about an OU.

          aws organizations describe-organizational-unit \
              --organizational-unit-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

       Output:

          {
              "OrganizationalUnit": {
                  "Name": "Accounting Group",
                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::123456789012:ou/o-exampleorgid/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                  "Id": "ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       OrganizationalUnit -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about the specified OU.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) associated with this OU.

              The regex pattern for an organizational unit ID string  requires
              "ou-"  followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the
              ID of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by
              a  second "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters
              or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this OU.

              For more information about ARNs in Organizations, see  ARN  For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Authorization
              Reference .

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of this OU.

              The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter  is  a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.



                                                DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()
