DESCRIBE-HANDSHAKE()                                      DESCRIBE-HANDSHAKE()



NAME
       describe-handshake -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves information about a previously requested handshake. The hand-
       shake ID comes from the response to the original   InviteAccountToOrga-
       nization operation that generated the handshake.

       You  can  access  handshakes that are ACCEPTED , DECLINED , or CANCELED
       for only 30 days after they change to that state. They're then  deleted
       and no longer accessible.

       This operation can be called from any account in the organization.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-handshake
          --handshake-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --handshake-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier (ID) of the handshake that you want informa-
          tion about. You can get the ID from the original call to   InviteAc-
          countToOrganization , or from a call to  ListHandshakesForAccount or
          ListHandshakesForOrganization .

          The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed  by
          from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about a handshake

       The  following  example  shows you how to request details about a hand-
       shake. The handshake ID comes either from  the  original  call  to  In-
       viteAccountToOrganization,  or  from a call to ListHandshakesForAccount
       or ListHandshakesForOrganization:

          aws organizations describe-handshake --handshake-id h-examplehandshakeid111

       The output includes a handshake object that has all the  details  about
       the requested handshake:

          {
                  "Handshake": {
                          "Id": "h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "State": "OPEN",
                          "Resources": [
                                  {
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION",
                                          "Value": "o-exampleorgid",
                                          "Resources": [
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_EMAIL",
                                                          "Value": "bill@example.com"
                                                  },
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_NAME",
                                                          "Value": "Master Account"
                                                  }
                                          ]
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Type": "EMAIL",
                                          "Value": "anika@example.com"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "Parties": [
                                  {
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION",
                                          "Id": "o-exampleorgid"
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Type": "EMAIL",
                                          "Id": "anika@example.com"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "Action": "INVITE",
                          "RequestedTimestamp": 1470158698.046,
                          "ExpirationTimestamp": 1471454698.046,
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:handshake/o-exampleorgid/invite/h-examplehandshakeid111"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Handshake -> (structure)
          A structure that contains information about the specified handshake.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier (ID) of a handshake. The originating ac-
              count creates the ID when it initiates the handshake.

              The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed
              by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a handshake.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Authorization
              Reference .

          Parties -> (list)
              Information about the two accounts that are participating in the
              handshake.

              (structure)
                 Identifies a participant in a handshake.

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier (ID) for the party.

                     The regex pattern for handshake ID string  requires  "h-"
                     followed by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of party.

          State -> (string)
              The  current  state of the handshake. Use the state to trace the
              flow of the handshake through the process from its  creation  to
              its  acceptance.  The  meaning of each of the valid values is as
              follows:

              o REQUESTED : This handshake was  sent  to  multiple  recipients
                (applicable  to only some handshake types) and not all recipi-
                ents have responded yet. The request stays in this state until
                all recipients respond.

              o OPEN  : This handshake was sent to multiple recipients (appli-
                cable to only some policy types) and all recipients  have  re-
                sponded, allowing the originator to complete the handshake ac-
                tion.

              o CANCELED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                canceled by the originating account.

              o ACCEPTED  : This handshake is complete because it has been ac-
                cepted by the recipient.

              o DECLINED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                declined by the recipient account.

              o EXPIRED : This handshake is no longer active because the orig-
                inator did not receive a response of any kind from the recipi-
                ent before the expiration time (15 days).

          RequestedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the handshake request was made.

          ExpirationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the handshake expires. If the recipient
              of the handshake request fails to respond before  the  specified
              date  and  time, the handshake becomes inactive and is no longer
              valid.

          Action -> (string)
              The type of handshake, indicating what action  occurs  when  the
              recipient  accepts  the handshake. The following handshake types
              are supported:

              o INVITE : This type of handshake represents a request  to  join
                an organization. It is always sent from the management account
                to only non-member accounts.

              o ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake represents a  re-
                quest  to enable all features in an organization. It is always
                sent from the management account to only  invited  member  ac-
                counts. Created accounts do not receive this because those ac-
                counts were created by the organization's  management  account
                and approval is inferred.

              o APPROVE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake is sent from the
                Organizations service when all member accounts  have  approved
                the  ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES  invitation.  It  is sent only to the
                management account and signals the master that it can finalize
                the process to enable all features.

          Resources -> (list)
              Additional information that is needed to process the handshake.

              (structure)
                 Contains  additional  data  that is needed to process a hand-
                 shake.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The information that is passed to the other party in  the
                     handshake.  The format of the value string must match the
                     requirements of the specified type.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of information being passed, specifying how  the
                     value is to be interpreted by the other party:

                     o ACCOUNT - Specifies an AWS account ID number.

                     o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID number.

                     o EMAIL  - Specifies the email address that is associated
                       with the account that receives the handshake.

                     o OWNER_EMAIL - Specifies the  email  address  associated
                       with  the  management  account. Included as information
                       about an organization.

                     o OWNER_NAME - Specifies the  name  associated  with  the
                       management  account.  Included  as information about an
                       organization.

                     o NOTES - Additional text provided by the handshake  ini-
                       tiator and intended for the recipient to read.

                 Resources -> (list)
                     When needed, contains an additional array of HandshakeRe-
                     source objects.

                     (structure)
                        Contains additional data that is needed to  process  a
                        handshake.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The  information that is passed to the other party
                            in the handshake. The format of the  value  string
                            must match the requirements of the specified type.

                        Type -> (string)
                            The  type  of information being passed, specifying
                            how the value is to be interpreted  by  the  other
                            party:

                            o ACCOUNT - Specifies an AWS account ID number.

                            o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID num-
                              ber.

                            o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  as-
                              sociated  with  the  account  that  receives the
                              handshake.

                            o OWNER_EMAIL - Specifies the email address  asso-
                              ciated  with the management account. Included as
                              information about an organization.

                            o OWNER_NAME - Specifies the name associated  with
                              the  management account. Included as information
                              about an organization.

                            o NOTES - Additional text provided  by  the  hand-
                              shake  initiator  and intended for the recipient
                              to read.



                                                          DESCRIBE-HANDSHAKE()
