DETACH-POLICY()                                                DETACH-POLICY()



NAME
       detach-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  a policy from a target root, organizational unit (OU), or ac-
       count.

       WARNING:
          If the policy being detached is a service control policy (SCP),  the
          changes  to permissions for AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
          users and roles in affected accounts are immediate.

       Every root, OU, and account must have at least one SCP attached. If you
       want  to replace the default FullAWSAccess policy with an SCP that lim-
       its the permissions that can be delegated, you must attach the replace-
       ment  SCP before you can remove the default SCP. This is the authoriza-
       tion strategy of an "allow list ". If you instead attach a  second  SCP
       and  leave  the FullAWSAccess SCP still attached, and specify "Effect":
       "Deny" in the second SCP to  override  the  "Effect":  "Allow"  in  the
       FullAWSAccess  policy (or any other attached SCP), you're using the au-
       thorization strategy of a "deny list ".

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-policy
          --policy-id <value>
          --target-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the policy you want to detach. You can
          get the ID from the  ListPolicies or   ListPoliciesForTarget  opera-
          tions.

          The  regex  pattern for a policy ID string requires "p-" followed by
          from 8 to 128 lowercase or uppercase letters, digits, or the  under-
          score character (_).

       --target-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root, OU, or account that you want
          to detach the policy from. You can get the ID from the  ListRoots  ,
          ListOrganizationalUnitsForParent , or  ListAccounts operations.

          The regex pattern for a target ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by  from  4  to  32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Account - A string that consists of exactly 12 digits.

          o Organizational  unit  (OU)  - A string that begins with "ou-" fol-
            lowed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID  of  the
            root  that  the OU is in). This string is followed by a second "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach a policy from a root, OU, or account

       The following example shows how to detach a policy from an OU:

          aws organizations  detach-policy  --target-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111 --policy-id p-examplepolicyid111

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DETACH-POLICY()
