DISABLE-POLICY-TYPE()                                    DISABLE-POLICY-TYPE()



NAME
       disable-policy-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables an organizational policy type in a root. A policy of a certain
       type can be attached to entities in a root only if that type is enabled
       in the root. After you perform this operation, you no longer can attach
       policies of the specified type to that root or  to  any  organizational
       unit  (OU) or account in that root. You can undo this by using the  En-
       ablePolicyType operation.

       This is an asynchronous request that AWS performs in the background. If
       you  disable a policy type for a root, it still appears enabled for the
       organization if all features are enabled for the organization. AWS rec-
       ommends that you first use  ListRoots to see the status of policy types
       for a specified root, and then use this operation.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       To  view  the status of available policy types in the organization, use
       DescribeOrganization .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-policy-type
          --root-id <value>
          --policy-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --root-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root in which you want to  disable
          a policy type. You can get the ID from the  ListRoots operation.

          The  regex  pattern  for  a root ID string requires "r-" followed by
          from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

       --policy-type (string)
          The policy type that you want to disable in this root. You can spec-
          ify one of the following values:

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          Possible values:

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable a policy type in a root

       The  following  example shows how to disable the service control policy
       (SCP) policy type in a root:

          aws organizations disable-policy-type --root-id r-examplerootid111 --policy-type SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

       The output shows that the PolicyTypes response element  no  longer  in-
       cludes SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY:

          {
                  "Root": {
                          "PolicyTypes": [],
                          "Name": "Root",
                          "Id": "r-examplerootid111",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:root/o-exampleorgid/r-examplerootid111"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Root -> (structure)
          A  structure  that  shows  the root with the updated list of enabled
          policy types.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) for the root.

              The regex pattern for a root ID string requires "r-" followed by
              from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the root.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Authorization
              Reference .

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of the root.

              The  regex  pattern that is used to validate this parameter is a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.

          PolicyTypes -> (list)
              The types of policies that are currently enabled  for  the  root
              and  therefore  can be attached to the root or to its OUs or ac-
              counts.

              NOTE:
                 Even if a policy type is shown as available in the  organiza-
                 tion,  you can separately enable and disable them at the root
                 level by using  EnablePolicyType and  DisablePolicyType . Use
                 DescribeOrganization  to  see  the availability of the policy
                 types in that organization.

              (structure)
                 Contains information about a policy type and  its  status  in
                 the associated root.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The name of the policy type.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The  status of the policy type as it relates to the asso-
                     ciated root. To attach a policy of the specified type  to
                     a  root  or  to an OU or account in that root, it must be
                     available in the organization and enabled for that root.



                                                         DISABLE-POLICY-TYPE()
