DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()                      DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()



NAME
       disable-aws-service-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  the integration of an AWS service (the service that is speci-
       fied by ServicePrincipal ) with AWS Organizations. When you disable in-
       tegration,  the specified service no longer can create a service-linked
       role in new accounts in your organization. This means the service can't
       perform operations on your behalf on any new accounts in your organiza-
       tion. The service can still perform operations in older accounts  until
       the service completes its clean-up from AWS Organizations.

       WARNING:
          We  ** strongly recommend ** that you don't use this command to dis-
          able integration between AWS Organizations  and  the  specified  AWS
          service.  Instead,  use the console or commands that are provided by
          the specified service. This lets the trusted service perform any re-
          quired initialization when enabling trusted access, such as creating
          any required resources and any required clean up of  resources  when
          disabling trusted access.

          For  information about how to disable trusted service access to your
          organization using the trusted service, see the Learn more link  un-
          der  the Supports Trusted Access column at AWS services that you can
          use with AWS Organizations . on this page.

          If you disable access by using this command, it causes the following
          actions to occur:

          o The  service can no longer create a service-linked role in the ac-
            counts in your organization. This means  that  the  service  can't
            perform  operations on your behalf on any new accounts in your or-
            ganization. The service can still perform operations in older  ac-
            counts until the service completes its clean-up from AWS Organiza-
            tions.

          o The service can no longer perform tasks in the member accounts  in
            the organization, unless those operations are explicitly permitted
            by the IAM policies that are attached to your roles. This includes
            any  data  aggregation  from the member accounts to the management
            account, or to a delegated administrator account, where relevant.

          o Some services detect this and clean up any remaining data  or  re-
            sources  related to the integration, while other services stop ac-
            cessing the organization but leave any historical data and config-
            uration in place to support a possible re-enabling of the integra-
            tion.

          Using the other service's console or commands to disable  the  inte-
          gration ensures that the other service is aware that it can clean up
          any resources that are required only for the  integration.  How  the
          service  cleans  up its resources in the organization's accounts de-
          pends on that service. For more information, see  the  documentation
          for the other AWS service.

       After  you perform the DisableAWSServiceAccess operation, the specified
       service can no longer perform operations  in  your  organization's  ac-
       counts

       For  more information about integrating other services with AWS Organi-
       zations, including the list of services that work  with  Organizations,
       see  Integrating  AWS  Organizations with Other AWS Services in the AWS
       Organizations User Guide.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-aws-service-access
          --service-principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-principal (string)
          The  service principal name of the AWS service for which you want to
          disable integration with your organization. This is typically in the
          form of a URL, such as `` service-abbreviation .amazonaws.com`` .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DISABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()
