ENABLE-ALL-FEATURES()                                    ENABLE-ALL-FEATURES()



NAME
       enable-all-features -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  all features in an organization. This enables the use of orga-
       nization policies that can restrict the services and actions  that  can
       be  called in each account. Until you enable all features, you have ac-
       cess only to consolidated billing, and you can't use  any  of  the  ad-
       vanced account administration features that Organizations supports. For
       more information, see Enabling all features in your organization in the
       Organizations User Guide .

       WARNING:
          This  operation is required only for organizations that were created
          explicitly with only  the  consolidated  billing  features  enabled.
          Calling this operation sends a handshake to every invited account in
          the organization. The feature set change can be  finalized  and  the
          additional features enabled only after all administrators in the in-
          vited accounts approve the change by accepting the handshake.

       After you enable all features, you can separately enable or disable in-
       dividual  policy  types in a root using  EnablePolicyType and  Disable-
       PolicyType . To see the status of policy types in a  root,  use   List-
       Roots .

       After  all  invited  member accounts accept the handshake, you finalize
       the feature set change by accepting the handshake  that  contains  "Ac-
       tion": "ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES" . This completes the change.

       After  you enable all features in your organization, the management ac-
       count in the organization can apply policies on  all  member  accounts.
       These policies can restrict what users and even administrators in those
       accounts can do. The management account can apply policies that prevent
       accounts from leaving the organization. Ensure that your account admin-
       istrators are aware of this.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            enable-all-features
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable all features in an organization

       This example shows the administrator asking all the invited accounts in
       the organization to approve enabled all features in  the  organization.
       AWS Organizations sends an email to the address that is registered with
       every invited member account asking the owner to approve the change  to
       all features by accepting the handshake that is sent. After all invited
       member accounts accept the handshake,  the  organization  administrator
       can  finalize  the  change  to all features, and those with appropriate
       permissions can create policies and apply them to roots, OUs,  and  ac-
       counts:

          aws organizations enable-all-features

       The output is a handshake object that is sent to all invited member ac-
       counts for approval:

          {
                  "Handshake": {
                          "Action": "ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES",
                          "Arn":"arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:handshake/o-exampleorgid/enable_all_features/h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "ExpirationTimestamp":1.483127868609E9,
                          "Id":"h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "Parties": [
                                  {
                                          "id":"o-exampleorgid",
                                          "type":"ORGANIZATION"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "requestedTimestamp":1.481831868609E9,
                          "resources": [
                                  {
                                          "type":"ORGANIZATION",
                                          "value":"o-exampleorgid"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "state":"REQUESTED"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Handshake -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about  the  handshake  created  to
          support this request to enable all features in the organization.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier (ID) of a handshake. The originating ac-
              count creates the ID when it initiates the handshake.

              The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed
              by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a handshake.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services  Ser-
              vice Authorization Reference .

          Parties -> (list)
              Information about the two accounts that are participating in the
              handshake.

              (structure)
                 Identifies a participant in a handshake.

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier (ID) for the party.

                     The regex pattern for handshake ID string  requires  "h-"
                     followed by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of party.

          State -> (string)
              The  current  state of the handshake. Use the state to trace the
              flow of the handshake through the process from its  creation  to
              its  acceptance.  The  meaning of each of the valid values is as
              follows:

              o REQUESTED : This handshake was  sent  to  multiple  recipients
                (applicable  to only some handshake types) and not all recipi-
                ents have responded yet. The request stays in this state until
                all recipients respond.

              o OPEN  : This handshake was sent to multiple recipients (appli-
                cable to only some policy types) and all recipients  have  re-
                sponded, allowing the originator to complete the handshake ac-
                tion.

              o CANCELED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                canceled by the originating account.

              o ACCEPTED  : This handshake is complete because it has been ac-
                cepted by the recipient.

              o DECLINED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                declined by the recipient account.

              o EXPIRED : This handshake is no longer active because the orig-
                inator did not receive a response of any kind from the recipi-
                ent before the expiration time (15 days).

          RequestedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the handshake request was made.

          ExpirationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the handshake expires. If the recipient
              of the handshake request fails to respond before  the  specified
              date  and  time, the handshake becomes inactive and is no longer
              valid.

          Action -> (string)
              The type of handshake, indicating what action  occurs  when  the
              recipient  accepts  the handshake. The following handshake types
              are supported:

              o INVITE : This type of handshake represents a request  to  join
                an organization. It is always sent from the management account
                to only non-member accounts.

              o ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake represents a  re-
                quest  to enable all features in an organization. It is always
                sent from the management account to only  invited  member  ac-
                counts. Created accounts do not receive this because those ac-
                counts were created by the organization's  management  account
                and approval is inferred.

              o APPROVE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake is sent from the
                Organizations service when all member accounts  have  approved
                the  ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES  invitation.  It  is sent only to the
                management account and signals the master that it can finalize
                the process to enable all features.

          Resources -> (list)
              Additional information that is needed to process the handshake.

              (structure)
                 Contains  additional  data  that is needed to process a hand-
                 shake.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The information that is passed to the other party in  the
                     handshake.  The format of the value string must match the
                     requirements of the specified type.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of information being passed, specifying how  the
                     value is to be interpreted by the other party:

                     o ACCOUNT  -  Specifies an Amazon Web Services account ID
                       number.

                     o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID number.

                     o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  associated
                       with the account that receives the handshake.

                     o OWNER_EMAIL  -  Specifies  the email address associated
                       with the management account.  Included  as  information
                       about an organization.

                     o OWNER_NAME  -  Specifies  the  name associated with the
                       management account. Included as  information  about  an
                       organization.

                     o NOTES  - Additional text provided by the handshake ini-
                       tiator and intended for the recipient to read.

                 Resources -> (list)
                     When needed, contains an additional array of HandshakeRe-
                     source objects.

                     (structure)
                        Contains  additional  data that is needed to process a
                        handshake.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The information that is passed to the other  party
                            in  the  handshake. The format of the value string
                            must match the requirements of the specified type.

                        Type -> (string)
                            The type of information being  passed,  specifying
                            how  the  value  is to be interpreted by the other
                            party:

                            o ACCOUNT - Specifies an Amazon Web  Services  ac-
                              count ID number.

                            o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID num-
                              ber.

                            o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  as-
                              sociated  with  the  account  that  receives the
                              handshake.

                            o OWNER_EMAIL - Specifies the email address  asso-
                              ciated  with the management account. Included as
                              information about an organization.

                            o OWNER_NAME - Specifies the name associated  with
                              the  management account. Included as information
                              about an organization.

                            o NOTES - Additional text provided  by  the  hand-
                              shake  initiator  and intended for the recipient
                              to read.



                                                         ENABLE-ALL-FEATURES()
