ENABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()                        ENABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()



NAME
       enable-aws-service-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  integration of an AWS service (the service that is speci-
       fied by ServicePrincipal ) with AWS Organizations. When you enable  in-
       tegration,  you  allow the specified service to create a service-linked
       role in all the accounts in your organization. This allows the  service
       to  perform  operations on your behalf in your organization and its ac-
       counts.

       WARNING:
          We recommend that you enable integration between  AWS  Organizations
          and  the specified AWS service by using the console or commands that
          are provided by the specified service. Doing  so  ensures  that  the
          service  is aware that it can create the resources that are required
          for the integration. How the service creates those resources in  the
          organization's  accounts  depends on that service. For more informa-
          tion, see the documentation for the other AWS service.

       For more information about enabling services to integrate with AWS  Or-
       ganizations,  see Integrating AWS Organizations with Other AWS Services
       in the AWS Organizations User Guide.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account and only if the organization has enabled all features .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-aws-service-access
          --service-principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-principal (string)
          The  service principal name of the AWS service for which you want to
          enable integration with your organization. This is typically in  the
          form of a URL, such as `` service-abbreviation .amazonaws.com`` .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   ENABLE-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS()
