ENABLE-POLICY-TYPE()                                      ENABLE-POLICY-TYPE()



NAME
       enable-policy-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  a  policy  type in a root. After you enable a policy type in a
       root, you can attach policies of that type to the root,  any  organiza-
       tional  unit  (OU), or account in that root. You can undo this by using
       the  DisablePolicyType operation.

       This is an asynchronous request that Amazon Web  Services  performs  in
       the  background.  Amazon  Web  Services  recommends  that you first use
       ListRoots to see the status of policy types for a specified  root,  and
       then use this operation.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       You can enable a policy type in a root only  if  that  policy  type  is
       available  in  the organization. To view the status of available policy
       types in the organization, use  DescribeOrganization .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-policy-type
          --root-id <value>
          --policy-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --root-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root in which you want to enable a
          policy type. You can get the ID from the  ListRoots operation.

          The  regex  pattern  for  a root ID string requires "r-" followed by
          from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

       --policy-type (string)
          The policy type that you want to enable. You can specify one of  the
          following values:

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          Possible values:

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To enable the use of a policy type in a root

       The  following  example  shows how to enable the service control policy
       (SCP) policy type in a root:

          aws organizations enable-policy-type --root-id r-examplerootid111 --policy-type SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

       The output shows a root object  with  a  policyTypes  response  element
       showing that SCPs are now enabled:

          {
                  "Root": {
                          "PolicyTypes": [
                                  {
                                          "Status":"ENABLED",
                                          "Type":"SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "Id": "r-examplerootid111",
                          "Name": "Root",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:root/o-exampleorgid/r-examplerootid111"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Root -> (structure)
          A  structure  that  shows  the root with the updated list of enabled
          policy types.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) for the root.

              The regex pattern for a root ID string requires "r-" followed by
              from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the root.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services  Ser-
              vice Authorization Reference .

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of the root.

              The  regex  pattern that is used to validate this parameter is a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.

          PolicyTypes -> (list)
              The types of policies that are currently enabled  for  the  root
              and  therefore  can be attached to the root or to its OUs or ac-
              counts.

              NOTE:
                 Even if a policy type is shown as available in the  organiza-
                 tion,  you can separately enable and disable them at the root
                 level by using  EnablePolicyType and  DisablePolicyType . Use
                 DescribeOrganization  to  see  the availability of the policy
                 types in that organization.

              (structure)
                 Contains information about a policy type and  its  status  in
                 the associated root.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The name of the policy type.

                 Status -> (string)
                     The  status of the policy type as it relates to the asso-
                     ciated root. To attach a policy of the specified type  to
                     a  root  or  to an OU or account in that root, it must be
                     available in the organization and enabled for that root.



                                                          ENABLE-POLICY-TYPE()
