INVITE-ACCOUNT-TO-ORGANIZATION()              INVITE-ACCOUNT-TO-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       invite-account-to-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  an  invitation to another account to join your organization as a
       member account. Organizations sends email on your behalf to  the  email
       address  that is associated with the other account's owner. The invita-
       tion is implemented as a  Handshake whose details are in the response.

       WARNING:

          o You can invite Amazon Web Services accounts  only  from  the  same
            seller  as  the management account. For example, if your organiza-
            tion's management account was created by Amazon Internet  Services
            Pvt.  Ltd (AISPL), an Amazon Web Services seller in India, you can
            invite only other AISPL accounts to your organization.  You  can't
            combine  accounts  from  AISPL and Amazon Web Services or from any
            other Amazon  Web  Services  seller.  For  more  information,  see
            Consolidated Billing in India .

          o If  you receive an exception that indicates that you exceeded your
            account limits for the organization or that the  operation  failed
            because your organization is still initializing, wait one hour and
            then try again. If the  error  persists  after  an  hour,  contact
            Amazon Web Services Support .

       If  the request includes tags, then the requester must have the organi-
       zations:TagResource permission.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            invite-account-to-organization
          --target <value>
          [--notes <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target (structure)
          The identifier (ID) of the Amazon Web Services account that you want
          to invite to join your organization. This is a JSON object that con-
          tains the following elements:
              { "Type": "ACCOUNT", "Id": "<* **account id number** * >" }

          If  you use the CLI, you can submit this as a single string, similar
          to the following example:
              --target Id=123456789012,Type=ACCOUNT

          If you specify "Type": "ACCOUNT" , you must provide the  Amazon  Web
          Services  account  ID  number  as  the  Id  . If you specify "Type":
          "EMAIL" , you must specify the email address that is associated with
          the account.
              --target Id=diego@example.com,Type=EMAIL

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) for the party.

              The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed
              by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Type -> (string)
              The type of party.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Id=string,Type=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Id": "string",
            "Type": "ACCOUNT"|"ORGANIZATION"|"EMAIL"
          }

       --notes (string)
          Additional information that you want to  include  in  the  generated
          email to the recipient account owner.

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of  tags that you want to attach to the account when it be-
          comes a member of the organization. For each tag in  the  list,  you
          must specify both a tag key and a value. You can set the value to an
          empty string, but you can't set it to null .  For  more  information
          about  tagging, see Tagging Organizations resources in the Organiza-
          tions User Guide.

          WARNING:
              Any tags in the request are checked for compliance with any  ap-
              plicable  tag  policies when the request is made. The request is
              rejected if the tags in the request don't match the requirements
              of  the  policy  at  that time. Tag policy compliance is * not *
              checked again when the invitation is accepted and the  tags  are
              actually  attached  to  the  account. That means that if the tag
              policy changes between the invitation and the  acceptance,  then
              that tags could potentially be non-compliant.

          NOTE:
              If  any  one of the tags is invalid or if you exceed the allowed
              number of tags for an account, then the entire request fails and
              invitations are not sent.

          (structure)
              A  custom  key-value pair associated with a resource within your
              organization.

              You can attach tags to any of  the  following  organization  re-
              sources.

              o Amazon Web Services account

              o Organizational unit (OU)

              o Organization root

              o Policy

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  string  value that's associated with the key of the tag.
                 You can set the value of a tag to an empty  string,  but  you
                 can't set the value of a tag to null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To invite an account to join an organization

       The   following   example   shows   the   master   account   owned   by
       bill@example.com inviting the account owned by juan@example.com to join
       an organization:

          aws organizations invite-account-to-organization --target '{"Type": "EMAIL", "Id": "juan@example.com"}' --notes "This is a request for Juan's account to join Bill's organization."

       The  output  includes  a handshake structure that shows what is sent to
       the invited account:

          {
                  "Handshake": {
                          "Action": "INVITE",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:handshake/o-exampleorgid/invite/h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "ExpirationTimestamp": 1482952459.257,
                          "Id": "h-examplehandshakeid111",
                          "Parties": [
                                  {
                                          "Id": "o-exampleorgid",
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION"
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Id": "juan@example.com",
                                          "Type": "EMAIL"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "RequestedTimestamp": 1481656459.257,
                          "Resources": [
                                  {
                                          "Resources": [
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_EMAIL",
                                                          "Value": "bill@amazon.com"
                                                  },
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "MASTER_NAME",
                                                          "Value": "Org Master Account"
                                                  },
                                                  {
                                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION_FEATURE_SET",
                                                          "Value": "FULL"
                                                  }
                                          ],
                                          "Type": "ORGANIZATION",
                                          "Value": "o-exampleorgid"
                                  },
                                  {
                                          "Type": "EMAIL",
                                          "Value": "juan@example.com"
                                  }
                          ],
                          "State": "OPEN"
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       Handshake -> (structure)
          A structure that contains details about the handshake that  is  cre-
          ated to support this invitation request.

          Id -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier (ID) of a handshake. The originating ac-
              count creates the ID when it initiates the handshake.

              The regex pattern for handshake ID string requires "h-" followed
              by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a handshake.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services  Ser-
              vice Authorization Reference .

          Parties -> (list)
              Information about the two accounts that are participating in the
              handshake.

              (structure)
                 Identifies a participant in a handshake.

                 Id -> (string)
                     The unique identifier (ID) for the party.

                     The regex pattern for handshake ID string  requires  "h-"
                     followed by from 8 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of party.

          State -> (string)
              The  current  state of the handshake. Use the state to trace the
              flow of the handshake through the process from its  creation  to
              its  acceptance.  The  meaning of each of the valid values is as
              follows:

              o REQUESTED : This handshake was  sent  to  multiple  recipients
                (applicable  to only some handshake types) and not all recipi-
                ents have responded yet. The request stays in this state until
                all recipients respond.

              o OPEN  : This handshake was sent to multiple recipients (appli-
                cable to only some policy types) and all recipients  have  re-
                sponded, allowing the originator to complete the handshake ac-
                tion.

              o CANCELED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                canceled by the originating account.

              o ACCEPTED  : This handshake is complete because it has been ac-
                cepted by the recipient.

              o DECLINED : This handshake is no longer active because  it  was
                declined by the recipient account.

              o EXPIRED : This handshake is no longer active because the orig-
                inator did not receive a response of any kind from the recipi-
                ent before the expiration time (15 days).

          RequestedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the handshake request was made.

          ExpirationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  date  and time that the handshake expires. If the recipient
              of the handshake request fails to respond before  the  specified
              date  and  time, the handshake becomes inactive and is no longer
              valid.

          Action -> (string)
              The type of handshake, indicating what action  occurs  when  the
              recipient  accepts  the handshake. The following handshake types
              are supported:

              o INVITE : This type of handshake represents a request  to  join
                an organization. It is always sent from the management account
                to only non-member accounts.

              o ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake represents a  re-
                quest  to enable all features in an organization. It is always
                sent from the management account to only  invited  member  ac-
                counts. Created accounts do not receive this because those ac-
                counts were created by the organization's  management  account
                and approval is inferred.

              o APPROVE_ALL_FEATURES : This type of handshake is sent from the
                Organizations service when all member accounts  have  approved
                the  ENABLE_ALL_FEATURES  invitation.  It  is sent only to the
                management account and signals the master that it can finalize
                the process to enable all features.

          Resources -> (list)
              Additional information that is needed to process the handshake.

              (structure)
                 Contains  additional  data  that is needed to process a hand-
                 shake.

                 Value -> (string)
                     The information that is passed to the other party in  the
                     handshake.  The format of the value string must match the
                     requirements of the specified type.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of information being passed, specifying how  the
                     value is to be interpreted by the other party:

                     o ACCOUNT  -  Specifies an Amazon Web Services account ID
                       number.

                     o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID number.

                     o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  associated
                       with the account that receives the handshake.

                     o OWNER_EMAIL  -  Specifies  the email address associated
                       with the management account.  Included  as  information
                       about an organization.

                     o OWNER_NAME  -  Specifies  the  name associated with the
                       management account. Included as  information  about  an
                       organization.

                     o NOTES  - Additional text provided by the handshake ini-
                       tiator and intended for the recipient to read.

                 Resources -> (list)
                     When needed, contains an additional array of HandshakeRe-
                     source objects.

                     (structure)
                        Contains  additional  data that is needed to process a
                        handshake.

                        Value -> (string)
                            The information that is passed to the other  party
                            in  the  handshake. The format of the value string
                            must match the requirements of the specified type.

                        Type -> (string)
                            The type of information being  passed,  specifying
                            how  the  value  is to be interpreted by the other
                            party:

                            o ACCOUNT - Specifies an Amazon Web  Services  ac-
                              count ID number.

                            o ORGANIZATION - Specifies an organization ID num-
                              ber.

                            o EMAIL - Specifies the email address that is  as-
                              sociated  with  the  account  that  receives the
                              handshake.

                            o OWNER_EMAIL - Specifies the email address  asso-
                              ciated  with the management account. Included as
                              information about an organization.

                            o OWNER_NAME - Specifies the name associated  with
                              the  management account. Included as information
                              about an organization.

                            o NOTES - Additional text provided  by  the  hand-
                              shake  initiator  and intended for the recipient
                              to read.



                                              INVITE-ACCOUNT-TO-ORGANIZATION()
