LEAVE-ORGANIZATION()                                      LEAVE-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       leave-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a member account from its parent organization. This version of
       the operation is performed by the account that wants to leave.  To  re-
       move  a  member  account  as a user in the management account, use  Re-
       moveAccountFromOrganization instead.

       This operation can be called only from a member account in the  organi-
       zation.

       WARNING:

          o The  management  account  in an organization with all features en-
            abled can set service control policies (SCPs)  that  can  restrict
            what  administrators of member accounts can do. This includes pre-
            venting them from successfully calling LeaveOrganization and leav-
            ing the organization.

          o You  can leave an organization as a member account only if the ac-
            count is configured with the information required to operate as  a
            standalone  account. When you create an account in an organization
            using the Organizations console, API, or CLI commands, the  infor-
            mation  required  of standalone accounts is not automatically col-
            lected. For each account that you want  to  make  standalone,  you
            must  perform the following steps. If any of the steps are already
            completed for this account, that step doesn't appear.

            o Choose a support plan

            o Provide and verify the required contact information

            o Provide a current payment method

          Amazon Web Services uses the payment method to charge for any  bill-
          able  (not free tier) Amazon Web Services activity that occurs while
          the account isn't attached to an organization. For more information,
          see  Considerations  before removing an account from an organization
          in the Organizations User Guide .

          o The account that you want to leave must not be a delegated  admin-
            istrator  account  for any Amazon Web Services service enabled for
            your organization. If the account is  a  delegated  administrator,
            you  must  first change the delegated administrator account to an-
            other account that is remaining in the organization.

          o You can leave an organization only after you enable IAM  user  ac-
            cess  to  billing in your account. For more information, see About
            IAM access to the Billing and Cost Management console in the  Ama-
            zon Web Services Billing and Cost Management User Guide .

          o After  the account leaves the organization, all tags that were at-
            tached to the account object in the organization are deleted. Ama-
            zon  Web  Services accounts outside of an organization do not sup-
            port tags.

          o A newly created account has a waiting period before it can be  re-
            moved  from  its  organization. If you get an error that indicates
            that a wait period is required, then try again in a few days.

          o If you are using an organization principal to call  LeaveOrganiza-
            tion  across  multiple  accounts, you can only do this up to 5 ac-
            counts per second in a single organization.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            leave-organization
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To leave an organization as a member account

       The following example shows the administrator of a member  account  re-
       questing to leave the organization it is currently a member of:

          aws organizations leave-organization

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          LEAVE-ORGANIZATION()
