LIST-POLICIES-FOR-TARGET()                          LIST-POLICIES-FOR-TARGET()



NAME
       list-policies-for-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  policies that are directly attached to the specified target
       root, organizational unit (OU), or account. You must specify the policy
       type that you want included in the returned list.

       NOTE:
          Always  check the NextToken response parameter for a null value when
          calling a List* operation. These operations can occasionally  return
          an  empty set of results even when there are more results available.
          The NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there  are
          no more results to display.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-policies-for-target  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: Policies

SYNOPSIS
            list-policies-for-target
          --target-id <value>
          --filter <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root, organizational unit, or  ac-
          count whose policies you want to list.

          The regex pattern for a target ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by  from  4  to  32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Account - A string that consists of exactly 12 digits.

          o Organizational  unit  (OU)  - A string that begins with "ou-" fol-
            lowed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID  of  the
            root  that  the OU is in). This string is followed by a second "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --filter (string)
          The type of policy that you want to include in  the  returned  list.
          You must specify one of the following values:

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          Possible values:

          o SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY

          o TAG_POLICY

          o BACKUP_POLICY

          o AISERVICES_OPT_OUT_POLICY

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of the SCPs attached directly to an account

       The following example shows how to get a list of  all  service  control
       policies  (SCPs),  as  specified  by the Filter parameter, that are di-
       rectly attached to an account:

          aws organizations list-policies-for-target --filter SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY --target-id 444444444444

       The output includes a list of policy structures with  summary  informa-
       tion  about the policies. The list does not include policies that apply
       to the account because of inheritance from its location in an OU  hier-
       archy:

          {
                  "Policies": [
                          {
                                  "Type": "SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY",
                                  "Name": "AllowAllEC2Actions",
                                  "AwsManaged", false,
                                  "Id": "p-examplepolicyid222",
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::o-exampleorgid:policy/service_control_policy/p-examplepolicyid222",
                                  "Description": "Enables account admins to delegate permissions for any EC2 actions to users and roles in their accounts."
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Policies -> (list)
          The list of policies that match the criteria in the request.

          (structure)
              Contains  information  about  a policy, but does not include the
              content. To see the content of a policy, see  DescribePolicy .

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) of the policy.

                 The regex pattern for a policy ID string requires  "p-"  fol-
                 lowed  by  from 8 to 128 lowercase or uppercase letters, dig-
                 its, or the underscore character (_).

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the policy.

                 For more information about ARNs  in  Organizations,  see  ARN
                 Formats  Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Autho-
                 rization Reference .

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the policy.

                 The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter  is
                 a  string  of  any  of  the characters in the ASCII character
                 range.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the policy.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of policy.

              AwsManaged -> (boolean)
                 A boolean value that indicates whether the  specified  policy
                 is  an  AWS  managed policy. If true, then you can attach the
                 policy to roots, OUs, or accounts, but you cannot edit it.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter in a subsequent call to the operation to get the  next  part
          of  the  output. You should repeat this until the NextToken response
          element comes back as null .



                                                    LIST-POLICIES-FOR-TARGET()
