LIST-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATORS()                LIST-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATORS()



NAME
       list-delegated-administrators -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the AWS accounts that are designated as delegated administrators
       in this organization.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-delegated-administrators is a paginated  operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: DelegatedAdministrators

SYNOPSIS
            list-delegated-administrators
          [--service-principal <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-principal (string)
          Specifies a service principal name. If specified, then the operation
          lists the delegated administrators only for the specified service.

          If you don't specify a service principal, the  operation  lists  all
          delegated administrators for all services in your organization.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DelegatedAdministrators -> (list)
          The list of delegated administrators in your organization.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the delegated administrator.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  unique  identifier (ID) of the delegated administrator's
                 account.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  delegated  administra-
                 tor's account.

              Email -> (string)
                 The  email  address that is associated with the delegated ad-
                 ministrator's AWS account.

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the delegated administrator's account.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the delegated administrator's  account  in  the
                 organization.

              JoinedMethod -> (string)
                 The  method  by  which  the delegated administrator's account
                 joined the organization.

              JoinedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the delegated administrator's account became  a
                 part of the organization.

              DelegationEnabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date when the account was made a delegated administrator.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                               LIST-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATORS()
