LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()                            LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()



NAME
       list-targets-for-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all the roots, organizational units (OUs), and accounts that the
       specified policy is attached to.

       NOTE:
          Always check the NextToken response parameter for a null value  when
          calling  a List* operation. These operations can occasionally return
          an empty set of results even when there are more results  available.
          The  NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there are
          no more results to display.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       Amazon Web Services service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-targets-for-policy is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Targets

SYNOPSIS
            list-targets-for-policy
          --policy-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy-id (string)
          The  unique identifier (ID) of the policy whose attachments you want
          to know.

          The regex pattern for a policy ID string requires "p-"  followed  by
          from  8 to 128 lowercase or uppercase letters, digits, or the under-
          score character (_).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve a list of the roots, OUs, and accounts that a policy is at-
       tached to

       The following example shows how to get a list of the  roots,  OUs,  and
       accounts that the specified policy is attached to:

          aws organizations list-targets-for-policy --policy-id p-FullAWSAccess

       The  output includes a list of attachment objects with summary informa-
       tion about the roots, OUs, and accounts the policy is attached to:

          {
                  "Targets": [
                          {
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:root/o-exampleorgid/r-examplerootid111",
                                  "Name": "Root",
                                  "TargetId":"r-examplerootid111",
                                  "Type":"ROOT"
                          },
                          {
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:account/o-exampleorgid/333333333333;",
                                  "Name": "Developer Test Account",
                                  "TargetId": "333333333333",
                                  "Type": "ACCOUNT"
                          },
                          {
                                  "Arn":"arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:ou/o-exampleorgid/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                                  "Name":"Accounting",
                                  "TargetId":"ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                                  "Type":"ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT"
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Targets -> (list)
          A list of structures, each of which contains details  about  one  of
          the entities to which the specified policy is attached.

          (structure)
              Contains  information about a root, OU, or account that a policy
              is attached to.

              TargetId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) of the policy target.

                 The regex pattern for a target ID string requires one of  the
                 following:

                 o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by from 4 to
                   32 lowercase letters or digits.

                 o Account - A string that consists of exactly 12 digits.

                 o Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins with  "ou-"
                   followed  by  from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the
                   ID of the root that the OU is in). This string is  followed
                   by  a second "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase
                   letters or digits.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the policy target.

                 For more information about ARNs  in  Organizations,  see  ARN
                 Formats Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services
                 Service Authorization Reference .

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the policy target.

                 The regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter  is
                 a  string  of  any  of  the characters in the ASCII character
                 range.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the policy target.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter in a subsequent call to the operation to get the  next  part
          of  the  output. You should repeat this until the NextToken response
          element comes back as null .



                                                     LIST-TARGETS-FOR-POLICY()
