LIST-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZALIST-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       list-aws-service-access-for-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list of the AWS services that you enabled to integrate with
       your organization. After a service on this list creates  the  resources
       that it requires for the integration, it can perform operations on your
       organization and its accounts.

       For more information about integrating other services with AWS  Organi-
       zations,  including the list of services that currently work with Orga-
       nizations, see Integrating AWS Organizations with Other AWS Services in
       the AWS Organizations User Guide.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-aws-service-access-for-organization is a paginated operation. Mul-
       tiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data  set
       of  results.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: EnabledServicePrincipals

SYNOPSIS
            list-aws-service-access-for-organization
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EnabledServicePrincipals -> (list)
          A list of the service principals for the services that  are  enabled
          to  integrate  with your organization. Each principal is a structure
          that includes the name and the date that it was enabled for integra-
          tion with AWS Organizations.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that  contains details of a service principal that
              represents an AWS service that is enabled to integrate with  AWS
              Organizations.

              ServicePrincipal -> (string)
                 The  name  of the service principal. This is typically in the
                 form of a URL, such as: `` servicename .amazonaws.com`` .

              DateEnabled -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the service principal was enabled for  integra-
                 tion with AWS Organizations.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                    LIST-AWS-SERVICE-ACCESS-FOR-ORGANIZATION()
