LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists tags that are attached to the specified resource.

       You can attach tags to the following resources in AWS Organizations.

       o AWS account

       o Organization root

       o Organizational unit (OU)

       o Policy (any type)

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the resource with the tags to list.

          You can specify any of the following taggable resources.

          o AWS account  specify the account ID number.

          o Organizational unit  specify the OU ID that begins  with  ou-  and
            looks similar to:
            ``
            ou-1a2b-34uvwxyz ``

          o Root   specify  the  root ID that begins with r- and looks similar
            to:
            ``
            r-1a2b ``

          o Policy  specify the policy ID that begins with p- andlooks similar
            to:
            ``
            p-12abcdefg3 ``

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The tags that are assigned to the resource.

          (structure)
              A  custom  key-value pair associated with a resource within your
              organization.

              You can attach tags to any of  the  following  organization  re-
              sources.

              o AWS account

              o Organizational unit (OU)

              o Organization root

              o Policy

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  string  value that's associated with the key of the tag.
                 You can set the value of a tag to an empty  string,  but  you
                 can't set the value of a tag to null.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
