LIST-CHILDREN()                                                LIST-CHILDREN()



NAME
       list-children -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  of the organizational units (OUs) or accounts that are con-
       tained in the specified parent OU or root. This operation,  along  with
       ListParents  enables  you  to traverse the tree structure that makes up
       this root.

       NOTE:
          Always check the NextToken response parameter for a null value  when
          calling  a List* operation. These operations can occasionally return
          an empty set of results even when there are more results  available.
          The  NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there are
          no more results to display.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       Amazon Web Services service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-children is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Children

SYNOPSIS
            list-children
          --parent-id <value>
          --child-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parent-id (string)
          The  unique identifier (ID) for the parent root or OU whose children
          you want to list.

          The regex pattern for a parent ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root  -  A  string  that begins with "r-" followed by from 4 to 32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins  with  "ou-"  fol-
            lowed  by  from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID of the
            root that the OU is in). This string is followed by a  second  "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --child-type (string)
          Filters the output to include only the specified child type.

          Possible values:

          o ACCOUNT

          o ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve the child accounts and OUs of a parent OU or root

       The following example you how to list the root or OU that contains that
       account 444444444444:

          aws organizations list-children --child-type ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT --parent-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

       The output shows the two child OUs that are contained by the parent:

          {
                  "Children": [
                          {
                                  "Id": "ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111",
                                  "Type":"ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT"
                          },
                          {
                                  "Id":"ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid222",
                                  "Type":"ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT"
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Children -> (list)
          The list of children of the specified parent container.

          (structure)
              Contains a list of child entities, either OUs or accounts.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) of this child entity.

                 The  regex  pattern for a child ID string requires one of the
                 following:

                 o Account - A string that consists of exactly 12 digits.

                 o Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins with  "ou-"
                   followed  by  from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the
                   ID of the root that contains the OU). This string  is  fol-
                   lowed by a second "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional low-
                   ercase letters or digits.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of this child entity.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter in a subsequent call to the operation to get the  next  part
          of  the  output. You should repeat this until the NextToken response
          element comes back as null .



                                                               LIST-CHILDREN()
