LIST-ROOTS()                                                      LIST-ROOTS()



NAME
       list-roots -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the roots that are defined in the current organization.

       NOTE:
          Always  check the NextToken response parameter for a null value when
          calling a List* operation. These operations can occasionally  return
          an  empty set of results even when there are more results available.
          The NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there  are
          no more results to display.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       NOTE:
          Policy  types can be enabled and disabled in roots. This is distinct
          from whether they're available in the organization. When you  enable
          all  features, you make policy types available for use in that orga-
          nization. Individual policy types can then be enabled  and  disabled
          in  a root. To see the availability of a policy type in an organiza-
          tion, use  DescribeOrganization .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-roots is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Roots

SYNOPSIS
            list-roots
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of the roots in an organization

       This example shows you how to get the list of roots  for  an  organiza-
       tion:

          aws organizations list-roots

       The output includes a list of root structures with summary information:

          {
                  "Roots": [
                          {
                                  "Name": "Root",
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:root/o-exampleorgid/r-examplerootid111",
                                  "Id": "r-examplerootid111",
                                  "PolicyTypes": [
                                          {
                                                  "Status":"ENABLED",
                                                  "Type":"SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
                                          }
                                  ]
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Roots -> (list)
          A list of roots that are defined in an organization.

          (structure)
              Contains details about a root. A root is a top-level parent node
              in the hierarchy of an organization that can  contain  organiza-
              tional units (OUs) and accounts. The root contains every AWS ac-
              count in the organization.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) for the root.

                 The regex pattern for a root ID string requires "r-" followed
                 by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the root.

                 For  more  information  about  ARNs in Organizations, see ARN
                 Formats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service  Autho-
                 rization Reference .

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the root.

                 The  regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter is
                 a string of any of the  characters  in  the  ASCII  character
                 range.

              PolicyTypes -> (list)
                 The types of policies that are currently enabled for the root
                 and therefore can be attached to the root or to  its  OUs  or
                 accounts.

                 NOTE:
                     Even  if a policy type is shown as available in the orga-
                     nization, you can separately enable and disable  them  at
                     the  root  level by using  EnablePolicyType and  Disable-
                     PolicyType . Use  DescribeOrganization to see the  avail-
                     ability of the policy types in that organization.

                 (structure)
                     Contains  information  about a policy type and its status
                     in the associated root.

                     Type -> (string)
                        The name of the policy type.

                     Status -> (string)
                        The status of the policy type as it relates to the as-
                        sociated  root.  To  attach  a policy of the specified
                        type to a root or to an OU or account in that root, it
                        must  be available in the organization and enabled for
                        that root.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter in a subsequent call to the operation to get the  next  part
          of  the  output. You should repeat this until the NextToken response
          element comes back as null .



                                                                  LIST-ROOTS()
