LIST-ACCOUNTS-FOR-PARENT()                          LIST-ACCOUNTS-FOR-PARENT()



NAME
       list-accounts-for-parent -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the accounts in an organization that are contained by the speci-
       fied target root or organizational unit (OU). If you specify the  root,
       you  get a list of all the accounts that aren't in any OU. If you spec-
       ify an OU, you get a list of all the accounts in only that OU  and  not
       in  any  child  OUs. To get a list of all accounts in the organization,
       use the  ListAccounts operation.

       NOTE:
          Always check the NextToken response parameter for a null value  when
          calling  a List* operation. These operations can occasionally return
          an empty set of results even when there are more results  available.
          The  NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there are
          no more results to display.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-accounts-for-parent is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Accounts

SYNOPSIS
            list-accounts-for-parent
          --parent-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parent-id (string)
          The  unique identifier (ID) for the parent root or organization unit
          (OU) whose accounts you want to list.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of all of the accounts in a specified parent root or
       OU

       The following example shows how to request a list of the accounts in an
       OU:

          aws organizations list-accounts-for-parent --parent-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

       The output includes a list of account summary objects.

          {
                  "Accounts": [
                          {
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:account/o-exampleorgid/333333333333",
                                  "JoinedMethod": "INVITED",
                                  "JoinedTimestamp": 1481835795.536,
                                  "Id": "333333333333",
                                  "Name": "Development Account",
                                  "Email": "juan@example.com",
                                  "Status": "ACTIVE"
                          },
                          {
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:account/o-exampleorgid/444444444444",
                                  "JoinedMethod": "INVITED",
                                  "JoinedTimestamp": 1481835812.143,
                                  "Id": "444444444444",
                                  "Name": "Test Account",
                                  "Email": "anika@example.com",
                                  "Status": "ACTIVE"
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Accounts -> (list)
          A list of the accounts in the specified root or OU.

          (structure)
              Contains information about an AWS account that is a member of an
              organization.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) of the account.

                 The  regex  pattern for an account ID string requires exactly
                 12 digits.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.

                 For more information about ARNs  in  Organizations,  see  ARN
                 Formats  Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service Autho-
                 rization Reference .

              Email -> (string)
                 The email address associated with the AWS account.

                 The regex pattern for this parameter is a string  of  charac-
                 ters that represents a standard internet email address.

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the account.

                 The  regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter is
                 a string of any of the  characters  in  the  ASCII  character
                 range.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the account in the organization.

              JoinedMethod -> (string)
                 The method by which the account joined the organization.

              JoinedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The date the account became a part of the organization.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                                    LIST-ACCOUNTS-FOR-PARENT()
