LIST-DELEGATED-SERVICES-FOR-ACCOUNT()    LIST-DELEGATED-SERVICES-FOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       list-delegated-services-for-account -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  AWS  services for which the specified account is a delegated
       administrator.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-delegated-services-for-account is a paginated operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: DelegatedServices

SYNOPSIS
            list-delegated-services-for-account
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The  account  ID  number of a delegated administrator account in the
          organization.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DelegatedServices -> (list)
          The services for which the account is a delegated administrator.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the AWS service for which the account
              is a delegated administrator.

              ServicePrincipal -> (string)
                 The name of an AWS service that can request an operation  for
                 the  specified  service.  This  is typically in the form of a
                 URL, such as: `` servicename .amazonaws.com`` .

              DelegationEnabledDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the account became  a  delegated  administrator
                 for this service.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                         LIST-DELEGATED-SERVICES-FOR-ACCOUNT()
