LIST-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNITS-FOR-PARENT()  LIST-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNITS-FOR-PARENT()



NAME
       list-organizational-units-for-parent -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the organizational units (OUs) in a parent organizational unit or
       root.

       NOTE:
          Always check the NextToken response parameter for a null value  when
          calling  a List* operation. These operations can occasionally return
          an empty set of results even when there are more results  available.
          The  NextToken response parameter value is null  only when there are
          no more results to display.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account or by a member account that is a delegated administrator for an
       AWS service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-organizational-units-for-parent is a paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: OrganizationalUnits

SYNOPSIS
            list-organizational-units-for-parent
          --parent-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parent-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier  (ID)  of the root or OU whose child OUs you
          want to list.

          The regex pattern for a parent ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root  -  A  string  that begins with "r-" followed by from 4 to 32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Organizational unit (OU) - A string that begins  with  "ou-"  fol-
            lowed  by  from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID of the
            root that the OU is in). This string is followed by a  second  "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of the OUs in a parent OU or root

       The following example shows you how to get a list of OUs in a specified
       root:

          aws organizations list-organizational-units-for-parent --parent-id r-examplerootid111

       The output shows that the specified root contains two OUs and shows de-
       tails of each:

          {
                  "OrganizationalUnits": [
                          {
                                  "Name": "AccountingDepartment",
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::o-exampleorgid:ou/r-examplerootid111/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111"
                          },
                          {
                                  "Name": "ProductionDepartment",
                                  "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::o-exampleorgid:ou/r-examplerootid111/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid222"
                          }
                  ]
          }

OUTPUT
       OrganizationalUnits -> (list)
          A list of the OUs in the specified root or parent OU.

          (structure)
              Contains details about an organizational unit (OU). An OU  is  a
              container  of  AWS  accounts  within  a root of an organization.
              Policies that are attached to an OU apply to all  accounts  con-
              tained in that OU and in any child OUs.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier (ID) associated with this OU.

                 The  regex  pattern  for an organizational unit ID string re-
                 quires "ou-" followed by from 4 to 32  lowercase  letters  or
                 digits (the ID of the root that contains the OU). This string
                 is followed by a second "-" dash and from 8 to 32  additional
                 lowercase letters or digits.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this OU.

                 For  more  information  about  ARNs in Organizations, see ARN
                 Formats Supported by Organizations in the AWS Service  Autho-
                 rization Reference .

              Name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of this OU.

                 The  regex pattern that is used to validate this parameter is
                 a string of any of the  characters  in  the  ASCII  character
                 range.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If present, indicates that more output is available than is included
          in the current response. Use this value in the NextToken request pa-
          rameter  in  a subsequent call to the operation to get the next part
          of the output. You should repeat this until the  NextToken  response
          element comes back as null .



                                        LIST-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNITS-FOR-PARENT()
