MOVE-ACCOUNT()                                                  MOVE-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       move-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Moves  an account from its current source parent root or organizational
       unit (OU) to the specified destination parent root or OU.

       This operation can be called only from  the  organization's  management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            move-account
          --account-id <value>
          --source-parent-id <value>
          --destination-parent-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the account that you want to move.

          The  regex pattern for an account ID string requires exactly 12 dig-
          its.

       --source-parent-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root or organizational  unit  that
          you want to move the account from.

          The regex pattern for a parent ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by  from  4  to  32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Organizational  unit  (OU)  - A string that begins with "ou-" fol-
            lowed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID  of  the
            root  that  the OU is in). This string is followed by a second "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --destination-parent-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the root or organizational  unit  that
          you want to move the account to.

          The regex pattern for a parent ID string requires one of the follow-
          ing:

          o Root - A string that begins with "r-" followed by  from  4  to  32
            lowercase letters or digits.

          o Organizational  unit  (OU)  - A string that begins with "ou-" fol-
            lowed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits (the ID  of  the
            root  that  the OU is in). This string is followed by a second "-"
            dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters or digits.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To move an account between roots or OUs

       The following example shows you how to move the master account  in  the
       organization from the root to an OU:

          aws organizations move-account --account-id 333333333333 --source-parent-id r-examplerootid111 --destination-parent-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                MOVE-ACCOUNT()
