REGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()          REGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()



NAME
       register-delegated-administrator -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  specified  member account to administer the Organizations
       features of the specified AWS service. It grants  read-only  access  to
       AWS  Organizations service data. The account still requires IAM permis-
       sions to access and administer the AWS service.

       You can run this action only for AWS services that  support  this  fea-
       ture.  For  a  current list of services that support it, see the column
       Supports Delegated Administrator in the table at AWS Services that  you
       can use with AWS Organizations in the AWS Organizations User Guide.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-delegated-administrator
          --account-id <value>
          --service-principal <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The account ID number of the member account in the  organization  to
          register as a delegated administrator.

       --service-principal (string)
          The  service principal of the AWS service for which you want to make
          the member account a delegated administrator.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            REGISTER-DELEGATED-ADMINISTRATOR()
