REMOVE-ACCOUNT-FROM-ORGANIZATION()          REMOVE-ACCOUNT-FROM-ORGANIZATION()



NAME
       remove-account-from-organization -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified account from the organization.

       The removed account becomes a standalone account that isn't a member of
       any organization. It's no longer subject to any policies and is respon-
       sible  for its own bill payments. The organization's management account
       is no longer charged for any expenses accrued by the member account af-
       ter it's removed from the organization.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account. Member accounts can remove themselves with   LeaveOrganization
       instead.

       WARNING:

          o You  can  remove an account from your organization only if the ac-
            count is configured with the information required to operate as  a
            standalone  account. When you create an account in an organization
            using the AWS Organizations console, API, or CLI commands, the in-
            formation  required  of  standalone  accounts is not automatically
            collected. For an account that you want to  make  standalone,  you
            must  choose  a support plan, provide and verify the required con-
            tact information, and provide a current payment method.  AWS  uses
            the  payment method to charge for any billable (not free tier) AWS
            activity that occurs while the account isn't attached to an  orga-
            nization. To remove an account that doesn't yet have this informa-
            tion, you must sign in as the member account and follow the  steps
            at  To leave an organization when all required account information
            has not yet been provided in the AWS Organizations User Guide.

          o The account that you want to leave must not be a delegated  admin-
            istrator  account  for  any AWS service enabled for your organiza-
            tion. If the account is a delegated administrator, you must  first
            change the delegated administrator account to another account that
            is remaining in the organization.

          o After the account leaves the organization, all tags that were  at-
            tached  to the account object in the organization are deleted. AWS
            accounts outside of an organization do not support tags.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-account-from-organization
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the member account that  you  want  to
          remove from the organization.

          The  regex pattern for an account ID string requires exactly 12 dig-
          its.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove an account from an organization as the master account

       The following example shows you how to remove an account from an  orga-
       nization:

          aws organizations remove-account-from-organization --account-id 333333333333

OUTPUT
       None



                                            REMOVE-ACCOUNT-FROM-ORGANIZATION()
