UPDATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()                      UPDATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()



NAME
       update-organizational-unit -

DESCRIPTION
       Renames  the  specified  organizational unit (OU). The ID and ARN don't
       change. The child OUs and accounts remain in place,  and  any  attached
       policies of the OU remain attached.

       This  operation  can  be called only from the organization's management
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-organizational-unit
          --organizational-unit-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organizational-unit-id (string)
          The unique identifier (ID) of the OU that you want  to  rename.  You
          can get the ID from the  ListOrganizationalUnitsForParent operation.

          The  regex  pattern  for  an  organizational unit ID string requires
          "ou-" followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits  (the  ID
          of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by a sec-
          ond "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase letters  or  dig-
          its.

       --name (string)
          The new name that you want to assign to the OU.

          The  regex  pattern  that  is  used  to validate this parameter is a
          string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To rename an OU

       This  example shows you how to rename an OU: In this example, the OU is
       renamed "AccountingOU":

          aws organizations update-organizational-unit --organizational-unit-id ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111 --name AccountingOU

       The output shows the new name:

          {
                  "OrganizationalUnit": {
                          "Id": "ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111"
                          "Name": "AccountingOU",
                          "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111111111111:ou/o-exampleorgid/ou-examplerootid111-exampleouid111""
                  }
          }

OUTPUT
       OrganizationalUnit -> (structure)
          A structure that contains the details about the  specified  OU,  in-
          cluding its new name.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier (ID) associated with this OU.

              The  regex pattern for an organizational unit ID string requires
              "ou-" followed by from 4 to 32 lowercase letters or digits  (the
              ID of the root that contains the OU). This string is followed by
              a second "-" dash and from 8 to 32 additional lowercase  letters
              or digits.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this OU.

              For  more  information about ARNs in Organizations, see ARN For-
              mats Supported by Organizations in the Amazon Web Services  Ser-
              vice Authorization Reference .

          Name -> (string)
              The friendly name of this OU.

              The  regex  pattern that is used to validate this parameter is a
              string of any of the characters in the ASCII character range.



                                                  UPDATE-ORGANIZATIONAL-UNIT()
