DELETE-IMAGE-PIPELINE()                                DELETE-IMAGE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       delete-image-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an image pipeline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-image-pipeline
          --image-pipeline-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-pipeline-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image pipeline to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an image pipeline

       The following delete-image-pipeline example deletes an  image  pipeline
       by specifying its ARN.

          aws imagebuilder delete-image-pipeline \
              --image-pipeline-arn arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:image-pipeline/my-example-pipeline

       Output:

          {
              "requestId": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
              "imagePipelineArn": "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:image-pipeline/mywindows2016pipeline"
          }

       For  more information, see Setting Up and Managing an EC2 Image Builder
       Image Pipeline Using the AWS CLI in the EC2 Image Builder Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       requestId -> (string)
          The request ID that uniquely identifies this request.

       imagePipelineArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the  image  pipeline  that  was
          deleted.



                                                       DELETE-IMAGE-PIPELINE()
