DELETE-IMAGE()                                                  DELETE-IMAGE()



NAME
       delete-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an  Image Builder image resource. This does not delete any EC2
       AMIs or ECR container images that are created during  the  image  build
       process. You must clean those up separately, using the appropriate Ama-
       zon EC2 or Amazon ECR console actions, or API or CLI commands.

       o To deregister an EC2 Linux AMI, see Deregister your Linux AMI in  the
         * Amazon EC2 User Guide * .

       o To  deregister an EC2 Windows AMI, see Deregister your Windows AMI in
         the * Amazon EC2 Windows Guide * .

       o To delete a container image from Amazon ECR, see Deleting an image in
         the Amazon ECR User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-image
          --image-build-version-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --image-build-version-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder image resource
          to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an image

       The  following  delete-image  example deletes an image build version by
       specifying its ARN.

          aws imagebuilder delete-image \
              --image-build-version-arn arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:image/my-example-image/2019.12.02/1

       Output:

          {
              "requestId": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
              "imageBuildVersionArn": "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:image/mybasicrecipe/2019.12.03/1"
          }

       For more information, see Setting Up and Managing an EC2 Image  Builder
       Image Pipeline Using the AWS CLI in the EC2 Image Builder Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       requestId -> (string)
          The request ID that uniquely identifies this request.

       imageBuildVersionArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder image resource
          that was deleted.



                                                                DELETE-IMAGE()
