DELETE-INFRASTRUCTURE-CONFIGURATION()    DELETE-INFRASTRUCTURE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-infrastructure-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an infrastructure configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-infrastructure-configuration
          --infrastructure-configuration-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --infrastructure-configuration-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration
          to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete an infrastructure configuration

       The following delete-infrastructure-configuration  example  deletes  an
       image pipeline by specifying its ARN.

          aws imagebuilder delete-infrastructure-configuration \
              --infrastructure-configuration-arn arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:infrastructure-configuration/myexampleinfrastructure

       Output:

          {
              "requestId": "a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
              "infrastructureConfigurationArn": "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:infrastructure-configuration/myexampleinfrastructure"
          }

       For  more information, see Setting Up and Managing an EC2 Image Builder
       Image Pipeline Using the AWS CLI in the EC2 Image Builder Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       requestId -> (string)
          The request ID that uniquely identifies this request.

       infrastructureConfigurationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  infrastructure  configuration
          that was deleted.



                                         DELETE-INFRASTRUCTURE-CONFIGURATION()
