UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a tag from a resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you want to un-
          tag.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag keys to remove from the resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag from a resource

       The following untag-resource example removes a tag from a resource  us-
       ing a JSON file.

          aws imagebuilder untag-resource \
              --cli-input-json file://tag-resource.json

       Contents of untag-resource.json:

          {
              "resourceArn": "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:123456789012:image-pipeline/mywindows2016pipeline",
              "tagKeys": [
                  "KeyName"
              ]
          }

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Setting Up and Managing an EC2 Image Builder
       Image Pipeline Using the AWS CLI in the EC2 Image Builder Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
