DELETE-RECORD()                                                DELETE-RECORD()



NAME
       delete-record -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Record from a FeatureGroup . A new record will show up in the
       OfflineStore when the DeleteRecord API is called. This record will have
       a value of True in the is_deleted column.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-record
          --feature-group-name <value>
          --record-identifier-value-as-string <value>
          --event-time <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --feature-group-name (string)
          The name of the feature group to delete the record from.

       --record-identifier-value-as-string (string)
          The  value  for  the  RecordIdentifier  that uniquely identifies the
          record, in string format.

       --event-time (string)
          Timestamp indicating when the deletion event occurred. EventTime can
          be used to query data at a certain point in time.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-RECORD()
