GET-REPORT-DEFINITION()                                GET-REPORT-DEFINITION()



NAME
       get-report-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the definition of a report already configured in AWS Applica-
       tion Cost Profiler.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-report-definition
          --report-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --report-id (string)
          ID of the report to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       reportId -> (string)
          ID of the report retrieved.

       reportDescription -> (string)
          Description of the report.

       reportFrequency -> (string)
          Cadence used to generate the report.

       format -> (string)
          Format of the generated report.

       destinationS3Location -> (structure)
          Amazon  Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) location where the report
          is uploaded.

          bucket -> (string)
              Name of the S3 bucket.

          prefix -> (string)
              Prefix for the location to write to.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          Timestamp (milliseconds) when this report definition was created.

       lastUpdated -> (timestamp)
          Timestamp (milliseconds) when this report definition  was  last  up-
          dated.



                                                       GET-REPORT-DEFINITION()
