IMPORT-APPLICATION-USAGE()                          IMPORT-APPLICATION-USAGE()



NAME
       import-application-usage -

DESCRIPTION
       Ingests application usage data from Amazon Simple Storage Service (Ama-
       zon S3).

       The data must already exist in the S3 location. As part of the  action,
       AWS  Application Cost Profiler copies the object from your S3 bucket to
       an S3 bucket owned by Amazon for processing asynchronously.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-application-usage
          --source-s3-location <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-s3-location (structure)
          Amazon S3 location to import application usage data from.

          bucket -> (string)
              Name of the bucket.

          key -> (string)
              Key of the object.

          region -> (string)
              Region of the bucket. Only required for Regions  that  are  dis-
              abled  by  default.  For more infomration about Regions that are
              disabled by default, see Enabling a Region in  the  AWS  General
              Reference guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          bucket=string,key=string,region=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "bucket": "string",
            "key": "string",
            "region": "ap-east-1"|"me-south-1"|"eu-south-1"|"af-south-1"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       importId -> (string)
          ID of the import request.



                                                    IMPORT-APPLICATION-USAGE()
