GET-TERMINOLOGY()                                            GET-TERMINOLOGY()



NAME
       get-terminology -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a custom terminology.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-terminology
          --name <value>
          [--terminology-data-format <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the custom terminology being retrieved.

       --terminology-data-format (string)
          The data format of the custom terminology being retrieved.

          If you don't specify this parameter, Amazon Translate returns a file
          that has the same format as the file that was imported to create the
          terminology.

          If  you specify this parameter when you retrieve a multi-directional
          terminology resource, you must specify the same format  as  that  of
          the  input  file  that  was imported to create it. Otherwise, Amazon
          Translate throws an error.

          Possible values:

          o CSV

          o TMX

          o TSV

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TerminologyProperties -> (structure)
          The properties of the custom terminology being retrieved.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the custom terminology.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the custom terminology properties.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom terminology.

          SourceLanguageCode -> (string)
              The language code for the source text of the translation request
              for which the custom terminology is being used.

          TargetLanguageCodes -> (list)
              The language codes for the target languages available  with  the
              custom  terminology  resource. All possible target languages are
              returned in array.

              (string)

          EncryptionKey -> (structure)
              The encryption key for the custom terminology.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of encryption key used by Amazon  Translate  to  en-
                 crypt this object.

              Id -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the encryption key being
                 used to encrypt this object.

          SizeBytes -> (integer)
              The size of the file used when importing a custom terminology.

          TermCount -> (integer)
              The number of terms included in the custom terminology.

          CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The time at which the custom terminology was created,  based  on
              the timestamp.

          LastUpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
              The  time at which the custom terminology was last update, based
              on the timestamp.

          Directionality -> (string)
              The  directionality  of  your  terminology  resource   indicates
              whether it has one source language (uni-directional) or multiple
              (multi-directional).
                 UNI

              The terminology resource has one source language (the first col-
              umn  in  a  CSV file), and all of its other languages are target
              languages.
                 MULTI

              Any language in the terminology resource can be the source  lan-
              guage.

          Message -> (string)
              Additional information from Amazon Translate about the terminol-
              ogy resource.

          SkippedTermCount -> (integer)
              The number of terms in the  input  file  that  Amazon  Translate
              skipped when you created or updated the terminology resource.

          Format -> (string)
              The format of the custom terminology input file.

       TerminologyDataLocation -> (structure)
          The  Amazon  S3 location of the most recent custom terminology input
          file that was successfully imported into Amazon Translate. The loca-
          tion is returned as a presigned URL that has a 30 minute expiration.

          WARNING:
              Amazon  Translate  doesn't  scan all input files for the risk of
              CSV injection attacks.

              CSV injection occurs when a .csv or .tsv file is altered so that
              a  record contains malicious code. The record begins with a spe-
              cial character, such as =, +, -, or @. When the file  is  opened
              in a spreadsheet program, the program might interpret the record
              as a formula and run the code within it.

              Before you download an input file from Amazon  S3,  ensure  that
              you recognize the file and trust its creator.

          RepositoryType -> (string)
              The repository type for the custom terminology data.

          Location -> (string)
              The Amazon S3 location of the most recent custom terminology in-
              put file that was successfully imported into  Amazon  Translate.
              The location is returned as a presigned URL that has a 30 minute
              expiration.

              WARNING:
                 Amazon Translate doesn't scan all input files for the risk of
                 CSV injection attacks.

                 CSV  injection  occurs when a .csv or .tsv file is altered so
                 that a record contains malicious code. The record begins with
                 a  special character, such as =, +, -, or @. When the file is
                 opened in a spreadsheet program, the program might  interpret
                 the record as a formula and run the code within it.

                 Before you download an input file from Amazon S3, ensure that
                 you recognize the file and trust its creator.

       AuxiliaryDataLocation -> (structure)
          The Amazon S3 location of a file that provides any errors  or  warn-
          ings  that  were  produced by your input file. This file was created
          when Amazon Translate attempted to create  a  terminology  resource.
          The  location is returned as a presigned URL to that has a 30 minute
          expiration.

          RepositoryType -> (string)
              The repository type for the custom terminology data.

          Location -> (string)
              The Amazon S3 location of the most recent custom terminology in-
              put  file  that was successfully imported into Amazon Translate.
              The location is returned as a presigned URL that has a 30 minute
              expiration.

              WARNING:
                 Amazon Translate doesn't scan all input files for the risk of
                 CSV injection attacks.

                 CSV injection occurs when a .csv or .tsv file is  altered  so
                 that a record contains malicious code. The record begins with
                 a special character, such as =, +, -, or @. When the file  is
                 opened  in a spreadsheet program, the program might interpret
                 the record as a formula and run the code within it.

                 Before you download an input file from Amazon S3, ensure that
                 you recognize the file and trust its creator.



                                                             GET-TERMINOLOGY()
