START-TEXT-TRANSLATION-JOB()                      START-TEXT-TRANSLATION-JOB()



NAME
       start-text-translation-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  an  asynchronous  batch translation job. Batch translation jobs
       can be used to translate large volumes of text  across  multiple  docu-
       ments at once. For more information, see  async .

       Batch  translation jobs can be described with the  DescribeTextTransla-
       tionJob operation, listed with the  ListTextTranslationJobs  operation,
       and stopped with the  StopTextTranslationJob operation.

       NOTE:
          Amazon  Translate  does  not  support  batch translation of multiple
          source languages at once.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-text-translation-job
          [--job-name <value>]
          --input-data-config <value>
          --output-data-config <value>
          --data-access-role-arn <value>
          --source-language-code <value>
          --target-language-codes <value>
          [--terminology-names <value>]
          [--parallel-data-names <value>]
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--settings <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-name (string)
          The name of the batch translation job to be performed.

       --input-data-config (structure)
          Specifies the format and location of the  input  documents  for  the
          translation job.

          S3Uri -> (string)
              The URI of the AWS S3 folder that contains the input files. Ama-
              zon Translate translates all the files in the folder. The folder
              must be in the same Region as the API endpoint you are calling.

              NOTE:
                 The  URI can also point to a single input document, or it can
                 provide the prefix for a collection of input  documents.  For
                 example.  if  you  use the URI S3://bucketName/prefix and the
                 prefix is a single file, Amazon Translate uses that files  as
                 input.  If  more than one file begins with the prefix, Amazon
                 Translate uses all of them as input.

          ContentType -> (string)
              Describes the format of the  data  that  you  submit  to  Amazon
              Translate  as input. You can specify one of the following multi-
              purpose internet mail extension (MIME) types:

              o text/html : The input data consists of one or more HTML files.
                Amazon  Translate translates only the text that resides in the
                html element in each file.

              o text/plain : The input data consists of one or more  unformat-
                ted text files. Amazon Translate translates every character in
                this type of input.

              o application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocess-
                ingml.document  :  The input data consists of one or more Word
                documents (.docx).

              o application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presenta-
                tionml.presentation  :  The input data consists of one or more
                PowerPoint Presentation files (.pptx).

              o application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spread-
                sheetml.sheet  :  The input data consists of one or more Excel
                Workbook files (.xlsx).

              o application/x-xliff+xml : The input data consists  of  one  or
                more  XML  Localization  Interchange File Format (XLIFF) files
                (.xlf). Amazon Translate supports only XLIFF version 1.2.

              WARNING:
                 If you structure your input data as HTML, ensure that you set
                 this  parameter  to text/html . By doing so, you cut costs by
                 limiting the translation to the contents of the html  element
                 in  each  file.  Otherwise,  if  you  set  this  parameter to
                 text/plain , your costs will cover the translation  of  every
                 character.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          S3Uri=string,ContentType=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "S3Uri": "string",
            "ContentType": "string"
          }

       --output-data-config (structure)
          Specifies the S3 folder to which your job output will be saved.

          S3Uri -> (string)
              The  URI of the S3 folder that contains a translation job's out-
              put file. The folder must be in the same Region as the API  end-
              point that you are calling.

          EncryptionKey -> (structure)
              The encryption key used to encrypt this object.

              Type -> (string)
                 The  type  of  encryption key used by Amazon Translate to en-
                 crypt this object.

              Id -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  encryption  key  being
                 used to encrypt this object.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          S3Uri=string,EncryptionKey={Type=string,Id=string}

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "S3Uri": "string",
            "EncryptionKey": {
              "Type": "KMS",
              "Id": "string"
            }
          }

       --data-access-role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Identity Access and Manage-
          ment (IAM) role that grants Amazon Translate read access to your in-
          put  data. For more information, see  identity-and-access-management
          .

       --source-language-code (string)
          The language code of the input language.  For  a  list  of  language
          codes, see  what-is-languages .

          Amazon  Translate  does  not  automatically detect a source language
          during batch translation jobs.

       --target-language-codes (list)
          The language code of the output language.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --terminology-names (list)
          The name of a custom terminology resource to add to the  translation
          job.  This  resource  lists  examples  source  terms and the desired
          translation for each term.

          This parameter accepts only one custom terminology resource.

          For a list of available custom terminology resources, use the  List-
          Terminologies operation.

          For more information, see  how-custom-terminology .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --parallel-data-names (list)
          The  name of a parallel data resource to add to the translation job.
          This resource consists of examples that show how you  want  segments
          of  text  to be translated. When you add parallel data to a transla-
          tion job, you create an Active Custom Translation job.

          This parameter accepts only one parallel data resource.

          NOTE:
              Active Custom Translation jobs are priced at a higher rate  than
              other  jobs  that don't use parallel data. For more information,
              see Amazon Translate pricing .

          For a list of available parallel data resources, use the  ListParal-
          lelData operation.

          For more information, see  customizing-translations-parallel-data .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --client-token (string)
          A unique identifier for the request. This token is generated for you
          when using the Amazon Translate SDK.

       --settings (structure)
          Settings to configure your translation output, including the  option
          to  mask profane words and phrases. StartTextTranslationJob does not
          support the formality setting.

          Formality -> (string)
              You can optionally specify the desired level  of  formality  for
              real-time  translations  to supported target languages. The for-
              mality setting controls the level of formal language usage (also
              known  as  register ) in the translation output. You can set the
              value to informal or formal. If you don't specify  a  value  for
              formality,  or if the target language doesn't support formality,
              the translation will ignore the formality setting.

              Note that asynchronous translation jobs don't support formality.
              If  you provide a value for formality, the StartTextTranslation-
              Job API throws an exception (InvalidRequestException).

              For target languages that support formality, see Supported  Lan-
              guages  and  Language  Codes  in  the Amazon Translate Developer
              Guide .

          Profanity -> (string)
              Enable the profanity setting if you  want  Amazon  Translate  to
              mask profane words and phrases in your translation output.

              To  mask  profane  words  and phrases, Amazon Translate replaces
              them with the grawlix string ?$#@$. This 5-character sequence is
              used  for  each profane word or phrase, regardless of the length
              or number of words.

              Amazon Translate doesn't detect profanity in  all  of  its  sup-
              ported  languages.  For  languages that support profanity detec-
              tion, see Supported Languages and Language Codes in  the  Amazon
              Translate Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Formality=string,Profanity=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Formality": "FORMAL"|"INFORMAL",
            "Profanity": "MASK"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       JobId -> (string)
          The identifier generated for the job. To get the status  of  a  job,
          use this ID with the  DescribeTextTranslationJob operation.

       JobStatus -> (string)
          The status of the job. Possible values include:

          o SUBMITTED  -  The job has been received and is queued for process-
            ing.

          o IN_PROGRESS - Amazon Translate is processing the job.

          o COMPLETED - The job was successfully completed and the  output  is
            available.

          o COMPLETED_WITH_ERROR  - The job was completed with errors. The er-
            rors can be analyzed in the job's output.

          o FAILED - The job did not complete. To get details,  use  the   De-
            scribeTextTranslationJob operation.

          o STOP_REQUESTED  -  The user who started the job has requested that
            it be stopped.

          o STOPPED - The job has been stopped.



                                                  START-TEXT-TRANSLATION-JOB()
