TRANSLATE-TEXT()                                              TRANSLATE-TEXT()



NAME
       translate-text -

DESCRIPTION
       Translates  input text from the source language to the target language.
       For a list of available languages and language codes, see  what-is-lan-
       guages .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            translate-text
          --text <value>
          [--terminology-names <value>]
          --source-language-code <value>
          --target-language-code <value>
          [--settings <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          The  text  to  translate.  The text string can be a maximum of 5,000
          bytes long. Depending on your character set, this may be fewer  than
          5,000 characters.

       --terminology-names (list)
          The  name  of the terminology list file to be used in the Translate-
          Text request. You can use 1 terminology list at most in a Translate-
          Text request. Terminology lists can contain a maximum of 256 terms.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --source-language-code (string)
          The  language code for the language of the source text. The language
          must be a language supported by Amazon Translate. For a list of lan-
          guage codes, see  what-is-languages .

          To have Amazon Translate determine the source language of your text,
          you can specify auto in the SourceLanguageCode field. If you specify
          auto , Amazon Translate will call Amazon Comprehend to determine the
          source language.

          NOTE:
              If you specify auto , you must send the TranslateText request in
              a region that supports Amazon Comprehend. Otherwise, the request
              returns an error indicating that autodetect is not supported.

       --target-language-code (string)
          The language code requested for the language of the target text. The
          language must be a language supported by Amazon Translate.

       --settings (structure)
          Settings  to configure your translation output, including the option
          to set the formality level of the output text and the option to mask
          profane words and phrases.

          Formality -> (string)
              You  can  optionally  specify the desired level of formality for
              real-time translations to supported target languages.  The  for-
              mality setting controls the level of formal language usage (also
              known as register ) in the translation output. You can  set  the
              value  to  informal  or formal. If you don't specify a value for
              formality, or if the target language doesn't support  formality,
              the translation will ignore the formality setting.

              Note that asynchronous translation jobs don't support formality.
              If you provide a value for formality, the  StartTextTranslation-
              Job API throws an exception (InvalidRequestException).

              For  target languages that support formality, see Supported Lan-
              guages and Language Codes  in  the  Amazon  Translate  Developer
              Guide .

          Profanity -> (string)
              Enable  the  profanity  setting  if you want Amazon Translate to
              mask profane words and phrases in your translation output.

              To mask profane words and  phrases,  Amazon  Translate  replaces
              them with the grawlix string ?$#@$. This 5-character sequence is
              used for each profane word or phrase, regardless of  the  length
              or number of words.

              Amazon  Translate  doesn't  detect  profanity in all of its sup-
              ported languages. For languages that  support  profanity  detec-
              tion,  see  Supported Languages and Language Codes in the Amazon
              Translate Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Formality=string,Profanity=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Formality": "FORMAL"|"INFORMAL",
            "Profanity": "MASK"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TranslatedText -> (string)
          The translated text.

       SourceLanguageCode -> (string)
          The language code for the language of the source text.

       TargetLanguageCode -> (string)
          The language code for the language of the target text.

       AppliedTerminologies -> (list)
          The  names  of the custom terminologies applied to the input text by
          Amazon Translate for the translated text response.

          (structure)
              The custom terminology applied  to  the  input  text  by  Amazon
              Translate  for the translated text response. This is optional in
              the response and will only be present if you specified terminol-
              ogy input in the request. Currently, only one terminology can be
              applied per TranslateText request.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the custom terminology applied to the input  text
                 by Amazon Translate for the translated text response.

              Terms -> (list)
                 The  specific  terms of the custom terminology applied to the
                 input text by Amazon Translate for the  translated  text  re-
                 sponse. A maximum of 250 terms will be returned, and the spe-
                 cific terms applied will be the first 250 terms in the source
                 text.

                 (structure)
                     The term being translated by the custom terminology.

                     SourceText -> (string)
                        The  source  text  of the term being translated by the
                        custom terminology.

                     TargetText -> (string)
                        The target text of the term being  translated  by  the
                        custom terminology.

       AppliedSettings -> (structure)
          Settings that configure the translation output.

          Formality -> (string)
              You  can  optionally  specify the desired level of formality for
              real-time translations to supported target languages.  The  for-
              mality setting controls the level of formal language usage (also
              known as register ) in the translation output. You can  set  the
              value  to  informal  or formal. If you don't specify a value for
              formality, or if the target language doesn't support  formality,
              the translation will ignore the formality setting.

              Note that asynchronous translation jobs don't support formality.
              If you provide a value for formality, the  StartTextTranslation-
              Job API throws an exception (InvalidRequestException).

              For  target languages that support formality, see Supported Lan-
              guages and Language Codes  in  the  Amazon  Translate  Developer
              Guide .

          Profanity -> (string)
              Enable  the  profanity  setting  if you want Amazon Translate to
              mask profane words and phrases in your translation output.

              To mask profane words and  phrases,  Amazon  Translate  replaces
              them with the grawlix string ?$#@$. This 5-character sequence is
              used for each profane word or phrase, regardless of  the  length
              or number of words.

              Amazon  Translate  doesn't  detect  profanity in all of its sup-
              ported languages. For languages that  support  profanity  detec-
              tion,  see  Supported Languages and Language Codes in the Amazon
              Translate Developer Guide .



                                                              TRANSLATE-TEXT()
