CREATE-FOLDER-MEMBERSHIP()                          CREATE-FOLDER-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       create-folder-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds an asset, such as a dashboard, analysis, or dataset into a folder.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-folder-membership
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --folder-id <value>
          --member-id <value>
          --member-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID for the Amazon Web Services account that contains the folder.

       --folder-id (string)
          The ID of the folder.

       --member-id (string)
          The ID of the asset (the dashboard, analysis, or dataset).

       --member-type (string)
          The type of the member, including DASHBOARD , ANALYSIS , and DATASET
          .

          Possible values:

          o DASHBOARD

          o ANALYSIS

          o DATASET

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       FolderMember -> (structure)
          Information about the member in the folder.

          MemberId -> (string)
              The ID of an asset in the folder.

          MemberType -> (string)
              The type of asset that it is.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.



                                                    CREATE-FOLDER-MEMBERSHIP()
