CREATE-NAMESPACE()                                          CREATE-NAMESPACE()



NAME
       create-namespace -

DESCRIPTION
       (Enterprise  edition  only) Creates a new namespace for you to use with
       Amazon QuickSight.

       A namespace allows you to  isolate  the  Amazon  QuickSight  users  and
       groups  that  are  registered for that namespace. Users that access the
       namespace can share assets only with other users or groups in the  same
       namespace. They can't see users and groups in other namespaces. You can
       create a namespace after your Amazon Web Services account is subscribed
       to  Amazon  QuickSight.  The namespace must be unique within the Amazon
       Web Services account. By default, there is a limit  of  100  namespaces
       per  Amazon  Web  Services  account.  To  increase your limit, create a
       ticket with Amazon Web Services Support.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-namespace
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          --identity-store <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID for the Amazon Web Services account that you want  to  create
          the Amazon QuickSight namespace in.

       --namespace (string)
          The name that you want to use to describe the new namespace.

       --identity-store (string)
          Specifies  the type of your user identity directory. Currently, this
          supports users with an identity type of QUICKSIGHT .

          Possible values:

          o QUICKSIGHT

       --tags (list)
          The tags that you want to associate with the namespace  that  you're
          creating.

          (structure)
              The  key  or keys of the key-value pairs for the resource tag or
              tags assigned to the resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 Tag key.

              Value -> (string)
                 Tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the Amazon QuickSight namespace you created.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the new namespace that you created.

       CapacityRegion -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services Region; that you want to use  for  the  free
          SPICE capacity for the new namespace. This is set to the region that
          you run CreateNamespace in.

       CreationStatus -> (string)
          The status of the creation of the namespace. This is an asynchronous
          process.  A  status of CREATED means that your namespace is ready to
          use. If an error occurs, it indicates if the process is retryable or
          non-retryable  .  In the case of a non-retryable error, refer to the
          error message for follow-up tasks.

       IdentityStore -> (string)
          Specifies the type of your user identity directory. Currently,  this
          supports users with an identity type of QUICKSIGHT .

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                            CREATE-NAMESPACE()
