CREATE-INGESTION()                                          CREATE-INGESTION()



NAME
       create-ingestion -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  and  starts a new SPICE ingestion for a dataset. You can manu-
       ally refresh datasets in an Enterprise edition account 32  times  in  a
       24-hour period. You can manually refresh datasets in a Standard edition
       account 8 times in a 24-hour period. Each 24-hour  period  is  measured
       starting 24 hours before the current date and time.

       Any ingestions operating on tagged datasets inherit the same tags auto-
       matically for use in access control. For an example, see How do I  cre-
       ate an IAM policy to control access to Amazon EC2 resources using tags?
       in the Amazon Web Services Knowledge Center. Tags are  visible  on  the
       tagged dataset, but not on the ingestion resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-ingestion
          --data-set-id <value>
          --ingestion-id <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          [--ingestion-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --data-set-id (string)
          The ID of the dataset used in the ingestion.

       --ingestion-id (string)
          An ID for the ingestion.

       --aws-account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID.

       --ingestion-type (string)
          The type of ingestion that you want to create.

          Possible values:

          o INCREMENTAL_REFRESH

          o FULL_REFRESH

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the data ingestion.

       IngestionId -> (string)
          An ID for the ingestion.

       IngestionStatus -> (string)
          The ingestion status.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                            CREATE-INGESTION()
