DELETE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()                            DELETE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       delete-group-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  a  user from a group so that the user is no longer a member of
       the group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-group-membership
          --member-name <value>
          --group-name <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --member-name (string)
          The name of the user that you want to delete from the group  member-
          ship.

       --group-name (string)
          The name of the group that you want to delete the user from.

       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID  for  the  Amazon Web Services account that the group is in.
          Currently, you use the ID for the Amazon Web Services  account  that
          contains your Amazon QuickSight account.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace. Currently, you should set this to default .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                     DELETE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()
