DELETE-USER()                                                    DELETE-USER()



NAME
       delete-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the Amazon QuickSight user that is associated with the identity
       of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) user or role that's  making
       the call. The IAM user isn't deleted as a result of this call.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-user
          --user-name <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user that you want to delete.

       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID for the Amazon Web Services account that the user is in. Cur-
          rently, you use the ID for the Amazon Web Services account that con-
          tains your Amazon QuickSight account.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace. Currently, you should set this to default .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                                 DELETE-USER()
