DELETE-IAM-POLICY-ASSIGNMENT()                  DELETE-IAM-POLICY-ASSIGNMENT()



NAME
       delete-iam-policy-assignment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an existing IAM policy assignment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-iam-policy-assignment
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --assignment-name <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  Amazon Web Services account ID where you want to delete the IAM
          policy assignment.

       --assignment-name (string)
          The name of the assignment.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace that contains the assignment.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AssignmentName -> (string)
          The name of the assignment.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                DELETE-IAM-POLICY-ASSIGNMENT()
