DELETE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()                                DELETE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-template-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  item  that the specified template alias points to. If you
       provide a specific alias, you delete the version of the  template  that
       the alias points to.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-template-alias
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --template-id <value>
          --alias-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID of the Amazon Web Services account that contains the item to
          delete.

       --template-id (string)
          The ID for the template that the specified alias is for.

       --alias-name (string)
          The name for the template alias. To delete  a  specific  alias,  you
          delete  the  version  that  the alias points to. You can specify the
          alias name, or specify the latest version of the template by provid-
          ing the keyword $LATEST in the AliasName parameter.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       TemplateId -> (string)
          An ID for the template associated with the deletion.

       AliasName -> (string)
          The name for the template alias.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the template you want to delete.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.



                                                       DELETE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()
