DELETE-THEME-ALIAS()                                      DELETE-THEME-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-theme-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the version of the theme that the specified theme alias points
       to. If you provide a specific alias, you  delete  the  version  of  the
       theme that the alias points to.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-theme-alias
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --theme-id <value>
          --alias-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the Amazon Web Services account that contains the theme
          alias to delete.

       --theme-id (string)
          The ID for the theme that the specified alias is for.

       --alias-name (string)
          The unique name for the theme alias to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AliasName -> (string)
          The name for the theme alias.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  of  the  theme  resource  using  the
          deleted alias.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       ThemeId -> (string)
          An ID for the theme associated with the deletion.



                                                          DELETE-THEME-ALIAS()
