DESCRIBE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()                        DESCRIBE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()



NAME
       describe-group-membership -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  the  DescribeGroupMembership operation to determine if a user is a
       member of the specified group. If the user exists and is  a  member  of
       the specified group, an associated GroupMember object is returned.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-group-membership
          --member-name <value>
          --group-name <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --member-name (string)
          The user name of the user that you want to search for.

       --group-name (string)
          The name of the group that you want to search.

       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID  for  the  Amazon Web Services account that the group is in.
          Currently, you use the ID for the Amazon Web Services  account  that
          contains your Amazon QuickSight account.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace that includes the group you are searching within.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GroupMember -> (structure)
          A member of an Amazon QuickSight  group.  Currently,  group  members
          must be users. Groups can't be members of another group. .

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the group member (user).

          MemberName -> (string)
              The name of the group member (user).

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                   DESCRIBE-GROUP-MEMBERSHIP()
