DESCRIBE-ANALYSIS()                                        DESCRIBE-ANALYSIS()



NAME
       describe-analysis -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides a summary of the metadata for an analysis.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-analysis
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --analysis-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID  of the Amazon Web Services account that contains the analy-
          sis. You must be using the Amazon  Web  Services  account  that  the
          analysis is in.

       --analysis-id (string)
          The ID of the analysis that you're describing. The ID is part of the
          URL of the analysis.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Analysis -> (structure)
          A metadata structure  that  contains  summary  information  for  the
          analysis that you're describing.

          AnalysisId -> (string)
              The ID of the analysis.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the analysis.

          Name -> (string)
              The descriptive name of the analysis.

          Status -> (string)
              Status associated with the analysis.

          Errors -> (list)
              Errors associated with the analysis.

              (structure)
                 Analysis error.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The type of the analysis error.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The message associated with the analysis error.

          DataSetArns -> (list)
              The ARNs of the datasets of the analysis.

              (string)

          ThemeArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the theme of the analysis.

          CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
              The time that the analysis was created.

          LastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
              The time that the analysis was last updated.

          Sheets -> (list)
              A  list  of the associated sheets with the unique identifier and
              name of each sheet.

              (structure)
                 A sheet , which is an object that contains a set  of  visuals
                 that  are  viewed  together on one page in Amazon QuickSight.
                 Every analysis and dashboard contains  at  least  one  sheet.
                 Each  sheet  contains  at least one visualization widget, for
                 example a chart, pivot table, or  narrative  insight.  Sheets
                 can  be  associated  with other components, such as controls,
                 filters, and so on.

                 SheetId -> (string)
                     The unique identifier associated with a sheet.

                 Name -> (string)
                     The name of a  sheet.  This  name  is  displayed  on  the
                     sheet's tab in the Amazon QuickSight console.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.



                                                           DESCRIBE-ANALYSIS()
