DESCRIBE-GROUP()                                              DESCRIBE-GROUP()



NAME
       describe-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  an  Amazon  QuickSight group's description and Amazon Resource
       Name (ARN).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-group
          --group-name <value>
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --group-name (string)
          The name of the group that you want to describe.

       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID for the Amazon Web Services account that  the  group  is  in.
          Currently,  you  use the ID for the Amazon Web Services account that
          contains your Amazon QuickSight account.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace. Currently, you should set this to default .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Group -> (structure)
          The name of the group.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the group.

          GroupName -> (string)
              The name of the group.

          Description -> (string)
              The group description.

          PrincipalId -> (string)
              The principal ID of the group.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                              DESCRIBE-GROUP()
