DESCRIBE-NAMESPACE()                                      DESCRIBE-NAMESPACE()



NAME
       describe-namespace -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the current namespace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-namespace
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --namespace <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID for the Amazon Web Services account that contains the Amazon
          QuickSight namespace that you want to describe.

       --namespace (string)
          The namespace that you want to describe.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Namespace -> (structure)
          The information about the namespace that you're describing. The  re-
          sponse includes the namespace ARN, name, Amazon Web Services Region,
          creation status, and identity store.  DescribeNamespace  also  works
          for  namespaces that are in the process of being created. For incom-
          plete namespaces, this API operation lists the namespace error types
          and messages associated with the creation process.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the error.

          Arn -> (string)
              The namespace ARN.

          CapacityRegion -> (string)
              The namespace Amazon Web Services Region.

          CreationStatus -> (string)
              The  creation  status  of a namespace that is not yet completely
              created.

          IdentityStore -> (string)
              The identity store used for the namespace.

          NamespaceError -> (structure)
              An error that occurred when the namespace was created.

              Type -> (string)
                 The error type.

              Message -> (string)
                 The message for the error.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                          DESCRIBE-NAMESPACE()
