DESCRIBE-DATA-SOURCE-PERMISSIONS()          DESCRIBE-DATA-SOURCE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       describe-data-source-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the resource permissions for a data source.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-data-source-permissions
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --data-source-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID.

       --data-source-id (string)
          The ID of the data source. This ID is unique per Amazon Web Services
          Region for each Amazon Web Services account.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DataSourceArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the data source.

       DataSourceId -> (string)
          The ID of the data source. This ID is unique per Amazon Web Services
          Region for each Amazon Web Services account.

       Permissions -> (list)
          A list of resource permissions on the data source.

          (structure)
              Permission for the resource.

              Principal -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the principal. This can be
                 one of the following:

                 o The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user  or  group  associated
                   with a data source or dataset. (This is common.)

                 o The  ARN  of an Amazon QuickSight user, group, or namespace
                   associated with an analysis, dashboard, template, or theme.
                   (This is common.)

                 o The  ARN of an Amazon Web Services account root: This is an
                   IAM ARN rather than a QuickSight ARN. Use this option  only
                   to  share  resources (templates) across Amazon Web Services
                   accounts. (This is less common.)

              Actions -> (list)
                 The IAM action to grant or revoke permissions on.

                 (string)

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                            DESCRIBE-DATA-SOURCE-PERMISSIONS()
