GET-DASHBOARD-EMBED-URL()                            GET-DASHBOARD-EMBED-URL()



NAME
       get-dashboard-embed-url -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  a session URL and authorization code that you can use to em-
       bed an Amazon Amazon QuickSight read-only dashboard in your web  server
       code.  Before  you use this command, make sure that you have configured
       the dashboards and permissions.

       Currently, you can use GetDashboardEmbedURL only from the  server,  not
       from  the  user's browser. The following rules apply to the combination
       of URL and authorization code:

       o They must be used together.

       o They can be used one time only.

       o They are valid for 5 minutes after you run this command.

       o The resulting user session is valid for 10 hours.

       For more information, see  Embedding  Analytics  Using  GetDashboardEm-
       bedUrl in the Amazon QuickSight User Guide .

       For  more  information about the high-level steps for embedding and for
       an interactive demo of the ways you can customize embedding, visit  the
       Amazon QuickSight Developer Portal .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-dashboard-embed-url
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --dashboard-id <value>
          --identity-type <value>
          [--session-lifetime-in-minutes <value>]
          [--undo-redo-disabled | --no-undo-redo-disabled]
          [--reset-disabled | --no-reset-disabled]
          [--state-persistence-enabled | --no-state-persistence-enabled]
          [--user-arn <value>]
          [--namespace <value>]
          [--additional-dashboard-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID  for the Amazon Web Services account that contains the dash-
          board that you're embedding.

       --dashboard-id (string)
          The ID for the dashboard, also added to the Identity and Access Man-
          agement (IAM) policy.

       --identity-type (string)
          The authentication method that the user uses to sign in.

          Possible values:

          o IAM

          o QUICKSIGHT

          o ANONYMOUS

       --session-lifetime-in-minutes (long)
          How  many minutes the session is valid. The session lifetime must be
          15-600 minutes.

       --undo-redo-disabled | --no-undo-redo-disabled (boolean)
          Remove the undo/redo button on the embedded dashboard.  The  default
          is FALSE, which enables the undo/redo button.

       --reset-disabled | --no-reset-disabled (boolean)
          Remove  the  reset  button on the embedded dashboard. The default is
          FALSE, which enables the reset button.

       --state-persistence-enabled | --no-state-persistence-enabled (boolean)
          Adds persistence of state for the user session in an embedded  dash-
          board.  Persistence applies to the sheet and the parameter settings.
          These are control settings that  the  dashboard  subscriber  (Amazon
          QuickSight  reader)  chooses while viewing the dashboard. If this is
          set to TRUE , the settings are the same when the subscriber  reopens
          the  same  dashboard  URL. The state is stored in Amazon QuickSight,
          not in a browser cookie. If this is set to FALSE, the state  of  the
          user session is not persisted. The default is FALSE .

       --user-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  QuickSight  user's  Amazon Resource Name (ARN), for use
          with QUICKSIGHT identity type. You  can  use  this  for  any  Amazon
          QuickSight  users  in your account (readers, authors, or admins) au-
          thenticated as one of the following:

          o Active Directory (AD) users or group members

          o Invited nonfederated users

          o IAM users and IAM role-based sessions authenticated through Feder-
            ated Single Sign-On using SAML, OpenID Connect, or IAM federation.

          Omit  this parameter for users in the third group  IAM users and IAM
          role-based sessions.

       --namespace (string)
          The Amazon QuickSight namespace that contains the dashboard  IDs  in
          this  request. If you're not using a custom namespace, set Namespace
          = default .

       --additional-dashboard-ids (list)
          A list of one or more dashboard IDs that you want to add to  a  ses-
          sion  that includes anonymous users. The IdentityType parameter must
          be set to ANONYMOUS for this to work, because other  identity  types
          authenticate  as Amazon QuickSight or IAM users. For example, if you
          set "--dashboard-id dash_id1 --dashboard-id dash_id2 dash_id3  iden-
          tity-type ANONYMOUS ", the session can access all three dashboards.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EmbedUrl -> (string)
          A  single-use  URL that you can put into your server-side webpage to
          embed your dashboard. This URL is valid for 5 minutes. The API oper-
          ation provides the URL with an auth_code value that enables one (and
          only one) sign-on to a user session that is valid for 10 hours.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.



                                                     GET-DASHBOARD-EMBED-URL()
