LIST-NAMESPACES()                                            LIST-NAMESPACES()



NAME
       list-namespaces -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  namespaces  for  the specified Amazon Web Services account.
       This operation doesn't list deleted namespaces.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-namespaces is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Namespaces

SYNOPSIS
            list-namespaces
          --aws-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The  ID for the Amazon Web Services account that contains the Amazon
          QuickSight namespaces that you want to list.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Namespaces -> (list)
          The information about the namespaces in this Amazon Web Services ac-
          count.  The  response  includes  the namespace ARN, name, Amazon Web
          Services Region, notification email address,  creation  status,  and
          identity store.

          (structure)
              The error type.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the error.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The namespace ARN.

              CapacityRegion -> (string)
                 The namespace Amazon Web Services Region.

              CreationStatus -> (string)
                 The creation status of a namespace that is not yet completely
                 created.

              IdentityStore -> (string)
                 The identity store used for the namespace.

              NamespaceError -> (structure)
                 An error that occurred when the namespace was created.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The error type.

                 Message -> (string)
                     The message for the error.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A unique pagination token that can be used in a subsequent  request.
          Receiving  NextToken  in  your response inticates that there is more
          data that can be returned. To receive the data, make  another  List-
          Namespaces  API  call  with  the returned token to retrieve the next
          page of data. Each token is valid for 24 hours. If you try to make a
          ListNamespaces  API  call  with an expired token, you will receive a
          HTTP 400 InvalidNextTokenException error.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                             LIST-NAMESPACES()
