TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns  one  or  more  tags  (key-value pairs) to the specified Amazon
       QuickSight resource.

       Tags can help you organize and categorize your resources. You can  also
       use  them  to  scope user permissions, by granting a user permission to
       access or change only resources with certain tag values.  You  can  use
       the TagResource operation with a resource that already has tags. If you
       specify a new tag key for the resource, this tag  is  appended  to  the
       list  of  tags  associated  with the resource. If you specify a tag key
       that is already associated with the resource, the new  tag  value  that
       you specify replaces the previous value for that tag.

       You can associate as many as 50 tags with a resource. Amazon QuickSight
       supports tagging on data set, data source, dashboard, and template.

       Tagging for Amazon QuickSight works in a similar  way  to  tagging  for
       other Amazon Web Services services, except for the following:

       o You  can't  use tags to track costs for Amazon QuickSight. This isn't
         possible because you can't tag the resources that  Amazon  QuickSight
         costs  are  based  on, for example Amazon QuickSight storage capacity
         (SPICE), number of users, type of users, and usage metrics.

       o Amazon QuickSight doesn't currently support the tag  editor  for  Re-
         source Groups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you want to tag.

       --tags (list)
          Contains  a  map of the key-value pairs for the resource tag or tags
          assigned to the resource.

          (structure)
              The key or keys of the key-value pairs for the resource  tag  or
              tags assigned to the resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 Tag key.

              Value -> (string)
                 Tag value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
