UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()                            UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()



NAME
       update-account-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the Amazon QuickSight settings in your Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-account-settings
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --default-namespace <value>
          [--notification-email <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID for the Amazon Web Services account that contains the  Amazon
          QuickSight settings that you want to list.

       --default-namespace (string)
          The  default  namespace  for  this Amazon Web Services account. Cur-
          rently, the default is default  .  Identity  and  Access  Management
          (IAM)  users that register for the first time with Amazon QuickSight
          provide an email that becomes associated with the default namespace.

       --notification-email (string)
          The email address that you want Amazon QuickSight to send  notifica-
          tions to regarding your Amazon Web Services account or Amazon Quick-
          Sight subscription.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.



                                                     UPDATE-ACCOUNT-SETTINGS()
