UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()                                UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()



NAME
       update-template-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the template alias of a template.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-template-alias
          --aws-account-id <value>
          --template-id <value>
          --alias-name <value>
          --template-version-number <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --aws-account-id (string)
          The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that contains the template
          alias that you're updating.

       --template-id (string)
          The ID for the template.

       --alias-name (string)
          The alias of the template that you want to update.  If  you  name  a
          specific alias, you update the version that the alias points to. You
          can specify the latest version of the template by providing the key-
          word  $LATEST  in  the  AliasName  parameter. The keyword $PUBLISHED
          doesn't apply to templates.

       --template-version-number (long)
          The version number of the template.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TemplateAlias -> (structure)
          The template alias.

          AliasName -> (string)
              The display name of the template alias.

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the template alias.

          TemplateVersionNumber -> (long)
              The version number of the template alias.

       Status -> (integer)
          The HTTP status of the request.

       RequestId -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services request ID for this operation.



                                                       UPDATE-TEMPLATE-ALIAS()
