CREATE-PERMISSION()                                        CREATE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       create-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Grants  one or more permissions on a private CA to the Certificate Man-
       ager (ACM) service principal (acm.amazonaws.com  ).  These  permissions
       allow  ACM  to issue and renew ACM certificates that reside in the same
       Amazon Web Services account as the CA.

       You can list current permissions with the  ListPermissions  action  and
       revoke them with the DeletePermission action.
          About Permissions

       o If  the  private CA and the certificates it issues reside in the same
         account, you can use CreatePermission to grant permissions for ACM to
         carry out automatic certificate renewals.

       o For automatic certificate renewal to succeed, the ACM service princi-
         pal needs permissions to create, retrieve, and list certificates.

       o If the private CA and the ACM certificates reside  in  different  ac-
         counts, then permissions cannot be used to enable automatic renewals.
         Instead, the ACM certificate owner must set up a resource-based  pol-
         icy  to enable cross-account issuance and renewals. For more informa-
         tion, see Using a Resource Based Policy with ACM Private CA .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-permission
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --principal <value>
          [--source-account <value>]
          --actions <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CA  that  grants  the  permis-
          sions.     You     can    find    the    ARN    by    calling    the
          ListCertificateAuthorities action.  This  must  have  the  following
          form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 `` .

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 73)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --principal (string)
          The Amazon Web Services service or identity that receives  the  per-
          mission. At this time, the only valid principal is acm.amazonaws.com
          .

       --source-account (string)
          The ID of the calling account.

       --actions (list)
          The actions that the specified Amazon Web Services service principal
          can use. These include IssueCertificate , GetCertificate , and List-
          Permissions .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            IssueCertificate
            GetCertificate
            ListPermissions

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           CREATE-PERMISSION()
