CREATE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-AUDIT-CREATE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-AUDIT-REPORT()



NAME
       create-certificate-authority-audit-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an audit report that lists every time that your CA private key
       is used. The report is saved in the Amazon S3 bucket that  you  specify
       on  input.  The  IssueCertificate and RevokeCertificate actions use the
       private key.

       NOTE:
          Both PCA and the IAM principal must have permission to write to  the
          S3  bucket  that  you  specify. If the IAM principal making the call
          does not have permission to write to the bucket, then  an  exception
          is  thrown.  For  more  information, see Access policies for CRLs in
          Amazon S3 .

       Amazon Web Services Private CA assets that are stored in Amazon S3  can
       be protected with encryption. For more information, see Encrypting Your
       Audit Reports .

       NOTE:
          You can generate a maximum of one report every 30 minutes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-certificate-authority-audit-report
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --s3-bucket-name <value>
          --audit-report-response-format <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CA to be audited. This  is  of
          the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 `` .

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 78)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --s3-bucket-name (string)
          The name of the S3 bucket that will contain the audit report.

       --audit-report-response-format (string)
          The format in which to create the report. This can be either JSON or
          CSV .

          Possible values:

          o JSON

          o CSV

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a certificate authority audit report

       The following create-certificate-authority-audit-report command creates
       an audit report for the private CA identified by the ARN.

          aws acm-pca create-certificate-authority-audit-report --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-east-1:accountid:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --s3-bucket-name your-bucket-name --audit-report-response-format JSON

OUTPUT
       AuditReportId -> (string)
          An alphanumeric string that contains a report identifier.

       S3Key -> (string)
          The key that uniquely identifies the report file in your S3 bucket.



                                   CREATE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-AUDIT-REPORT()
