DELETE-PERMISSION()                                        DELETE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       delete-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes permissions on a private CA granted to the AWS Certificate Man-
       ager (ACM) service principal (acm.amazonaws.com).

       These permissions allow ACM to issue and renew  ACM  certificates  that
       reside  in  the same AWS account as the CA. If you revoke these permis-
       sions, ACM will no longer renew  the  affected  certificates  automati-
       cally.

       Permissions  can be granted with the CreatePermission action and listed
       with the ListPermissions action.
          About Permissions

       o If the private CA and the certificates it issues reside in  the  same
         account, you can use CreatePermission to grant permissions for ACM to
         carry out automatic certificate renewals.

       o For automatic certificate renewal to succeed, the ACM service princi-
         pal needs permissions to create, retrieve, and list certificates.

       o If  the  private  CA and the ACM certificates reside in different ac-
         counts, then permissions cannot be used to enable automatic renewals.
         Instead,  the ACM certificate owner must set up a resource-based pol-
         icy to enable cross-account issuance and renewals. For more  informa-
         tion, see Using a Resource Based Policy with ACM Private CA .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-permission
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --principal <value>
          [--source-account <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Number (ARN) of the private CA that issued the
          permissions.  You  can  find   the   CA's   ARN   by   calling   the
          ListCertificateAuthorities  action.  This  must  have  the following
          form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 `` .

       --principal (string)
          The  AWS  service  or identity that will have its CA permissions re-
          voked. At this time, the only valid service principal is acm.amazon-
          aws.com

       --source-account (string)
          The AWS account that calls this action.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-PERMISSION()
