DELETE-POLICY()                                                DELETE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  resource-based  policy attached to a private CA. Deletion
       will remove any access that the policy has granted. If there is no pol-
       icy attached to the private CA, this action will return successful.

       If you delete a policy that was applied through Amazon Web Services Re-
       source Access Manager (RAM), the CA will be removed from all shares  in
       which it was included.

       The Certificate Manager Service Linked Role that the policy supports is
       not affected when you delete the policy.

       The current policy  can  be  shown  with  GetPolicy  and  updated  with
       PutPolicy .
          About Policies

       o A policy grants access on a private CA to an Amazon Web Services cus-
         tomer account, to Amazon Web Services Organizations, or to an  Amazon
         Web  Services Organizations unit. Policies are under the control of a
         CA administrator. For more information, see Using  a  Resource  Based
         Policy with Amazon Web Services Private CA .

       o A  policy  permits  a  user of Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue ACM
         certificates signed by a CA in another account.

       o For ACM to manage automatic renewal of these  certificates,  the  ACM
         user  must  configure a Service Linked Role (SLR). The SLR allows the
         ACM service to assume the identity of the user, subject to  confirma-
         tion  against the Amazon Web Services Private CA policy. For more in-
         formation, see Using a Service Linked Role with ACM .

       o Updates made in Amazon Web Services Resource Manager  (RAM)  are  re-
         flected  in  policies.  For more information, see Attach a Policy for
         Cross-Account Access .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the private CA  that  will  have
          its  policy  deleted.  You  can  find  the  CA's  ARN by calling the
          ListCertificateAuthorities action. The ARN value must have the  form
          arn:aws:acm-pca:region:account:certificate-author-
          ity/01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-0123456789ab .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-POLICY()
