GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CSR()                GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CSR()



NAME
       get-certificate-authority-csr -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  certificate signing request (CSR) for your private cer-
       tificate  authority  (CA).  The  CSR  is  created  when  you  call  the
       CreateCertificateAuthority  action.  Sign the CSR with your ACM Private
       CA-hosted or on-premises root or subordinate CA. Then import the signed
       certificate    back    into    ACM    Private   CA   by   calling   the
       ImportCertificateAuthorityCertificate action. The CSR is returned as  a
       base64 PEM-encoded string.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-certificate-authority-csr
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that was returned when you called the
          CreateCertificateAuthority action. This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 52)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the certificate signing request for a certificate authority

       The following get-certificate-authority-csr command retrieves  the  CSR
       for the private CA specified by the ARN.

          aws acm-pca get-certificate-authority-csr --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --output text

OUTPUT
       Csr -> (string)
          The  base64  PEM-encoded  certificate signing request (CSR) for your
          private CA certificate.



                                               GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CSR()
