GET-POLICY()                                                      GET-POLICY()



NAME
       get-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the resource-based policy attached to a private CA. If either
       the private CA resource or the policy cannot be found, this action  re-
       turns a ResourceNotFoundException .

       The  policy  can be attached or updated with PutPolicy and removed with
       DeletePolicy .
          About Policies

       o A policy grants access on a private CA to an AWS customer account, to
         AWS  Organizations, or to an AWS Organizations unit. Policies are un-
         der the control of a CA  administrator.  For  more  information,  see
         Using a Resource Based Policy with ACM Private CA .

       o A policy permits a user of AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue ACM
         certificates signed by a CA in another account.

       o For ACM to manage automatic renewal of these  certificates,  the  ACM
         user  must  configure a Service Linked Role (SLR). The SLR allows the
         ACM service to assume the identity of the user, subject to  confirma-
         tion  against  the  ACM  Private CA policy. For more information, see
         Using a Service Linked Role with ACM .

       o Updates made in AWS Resource Manager (RAM) are reflected in policies.
         For more information, see Attach a Policy for Cross-Account Access .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Number (ARN) of the private CA that will have
          its policy retrieved. You can find  the  CA's  ARN  by  calling  the
          ListCertificateAuthorities action.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Policy -> (string)
          The policy attached to the private CA as a JSON document.



                                                                  GET-POLICY()
