GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFICATE()GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       get-certificate-authority-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the  certificate and certificate chain for your private cer-
       tificate authority (CA) or one that has been shared with you. Both  the
       certificate  and  the  chain are base64 PEM-encoded. The chain does not
       include the CA certificate. Each certificate in the chain signs the one
       before it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-certificate-authority-certificate
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of your private CA. This is of the
          form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 `` .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a certificate authority (CA) certificate

       The  following  get-certificate-authority-certificate command retrieves
       the certificate and certificate chain for the private CA  specified  by
       the ARN.

          aws acm-pca get-certificate-authority-certificate --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --output text

OUTPUT
       Certificate -> (string)
          Base64-encoded certificate authority (CA) certificate.

       CertificateChain -> (string)
          Base64-encoded certificate chain that includes any intermediate cer-
          tificates and chains up to root certificate that you  used  to  sign
          your private CA certificate. The chain does not include your private
          CA certificate. If this is a root CA, the value will be null.



                                       GET-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFICATE()
