IMPORT-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFIIMPORT-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       import-certificate-authority-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Imports  a  signed private CA certificate into Amazon Web Services Pri-
       vate CA. This action is used when you are using a chain of trust  whose
       root  is located outside Amazon Web Services Private CA. Before you can
       call this action, the following preparations must in place:

       o In    Amazon    Web     Services     Private     CA,     call     the
         CreateCertificateAuthority  action  to create the private CA that you
         plan to back with the imported certificate.

       o Call the GetCertificateAuthorityCsr action to generate a  certificate
         signing request (CSR).

       o Sign  the  CSR  using  a  root or intermediate CA hosted by either an
         on-premises PKI hierarchy or by a commercial CA.

       o Create a certificate chain and copy the signed  certificate  and  the
         certificate chain to your working directory.

       Amazon  Web Services Private CA supports three scenarios for installing
       a CA certificate:

       o Installing a certificate for a root CA hosted by Amazon Web  Services
         Private CA.

       o Installing  a  subordinate  CA  certificate whose parent authority is
         hosted by Amazon Web Services Private CA.

       o Installing a subordinate CA certificate whose parent authority is ex-
         ternally hosted.

       The  following  additional requirements apply when you import a CA cer-
       tificate.

       o Only a self-signed certificate can be imported as a root CA.

       o A self-signed certificate cannot be imported as a subordinate CA.

       o Your certificate chain must not include the  private  CA  certificate
         that you are importing.

       o Your root CA must be the last certificate in your chain. The subordi-
         nate certificate, if any, that your root CA signed must  be  next  to
         last. The subordinate certificate signed by the preceding subordinate
         CA must come next, and so on until your chain is built.

       o The chain must be PEM-encoded.

       o The maximum allowed size of a certificate is 32 KB.

       o The maximum allowed size of a certificate chain is 2 MB.
          Enforcement of Critical Constraints

       Amazon Web Services Private CA allows the following  extensions  to  be
       marked critical in the imported CA certificate or chain.

       o Basic constraints (must be marked critical)

       o Subject alternative names

       o Key usage

       o Extended key usage

       o Authority key identifier

       o Subject key identifier

       o Issuer alternative name

       o Subject directory attributes

       o Subject information access

       o Certificate policies

       o Policy mappings

       o Inhibit anyPolicy

       Amazon  Web  Services  Private CA rejects the following extensions when
       they are marked critical in an imported CA certificate or chain.

       o Name constraints

       o Policy constraints

       o CRL distribution points

       o Authority information access

       o Freshest CRL

       o Any other extension

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-certificate-authority-certificate
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --certificate <value>
          [--certificate-chain <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that was  returned  when  you  called
          CreateCertificateAuthority . This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 158)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --certificate (blob)
          The PEM-encoded  certificate  for  a  private  CA.  This  may  be  a
          self-signed  certificate  in  the  case  of  a root CA, or it may be
          signed by another CA that you control.

       --certificate-chain (blob)
          A PEM-encoded file that contains all  of  your  certificates,  other
          than  the certificate you're importing, chaining up to your root CA.
          Your Amazon Web Services Private CA-hosted or on-premises root  cer-
          tificate is the last in the chain, and each certificate in the chain
          signs the one preceding.

          This parameter must be supplied when you import  a  subordinate  CA.
          When you import a root CA, there is no chain.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To import your certificate authority certificate into ACM PCA

       The following import-certificate-authority-certificate command  imports
       the  signed private CA certificate for the CA specified by the ARN into
       ACM PCA.

          aws acm-pca import-certificate-authority-certificate --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --certificate file://C:\ca_cert.pem --certificate-chain file://C:\ca_cert_chain.pem

OUTPUT
       None



                                    IMPORT-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY-CERTIFICATE()
