LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags, if any, that are associated with your private CA or one
       that has been shared with you. Tags are labels  that  you  can  use  to
       identify  and  organize your CAs. Each tag consists of a key and an op-
       tional value. Call the TagCertificateAuthority action  to  add  one  or
       more  tags to your CA. Call the UntagCertificateAuthority action to re-
       move tags.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation by providing the --no-paginate argument.   When  using  --output
       text  and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query ar-
       gument must extract data from the results of the  following  query  ex-
       pressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that was returned when you called the
          CreateCertificateAuthority action. This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags for your certificate authority

       The following list-tags command lists the tags associated with the pri-
       vate CA specified by the ARN.

          aws acm-pca list-tags --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/123455678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --max-results 10

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The tags associated with your private CA.

          (structure)
              Tags  are  labels that you can use to identify and organize your
              private CAs. Each tag consists of a key and an  optional  value.
              You can associate up to 50 tags with a private CA. To add one or
              more tags to a private CA, call the TagCertificateAuthority  ac-
              tion.  To  remove  a tag, call the UntagCertificateAuthority ac-
              tion.

              Key -> (string)
                 Key (name) of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 Value of the tag.

       NextToken -> (string)
          When the list is truncated, this value is present and should be used
          for the NextToken parameter in a subsequent pagination request.



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
