PUT-POLICY()                                                      PUT-POLICY()



NAME
       put-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches a resource-based policy to a private CA.

       A  policy  can  also be applied by sharing a private CA through AWS Re-
       source Access Manager (RAM). For more information, see Attach a  Policy
       for Cross-Account Access .

       The   policy   can   be  displayed  with  GetPolicy  and  removed  with
       DeletePolicy .
          About Policies

       o A policy grants access on a private CA to an AWS customer account, to
         AWS  Organizations, or to an AWS Organizations unit. Policies are un-
         der the control of a CA  administrator.  For  more  information,  see
         Using a Resource Based Policy with ACM Private CA .

       o A policy permits a user of AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue ACM
         certificates signed by a CA in another account.

       o For ACM to manage automatic renewal of these  certificates,  the  ACM
         user  must  configure a Service Linked Role (SLR). The SLR allows the
         ACM service to assume the identity of the user, subject to  confirma-
         tion  against  the  ACM  Private CA policy. For more information, see
         Using a Service Linked Role with ACM .

       o Updates made in AWS Resource Manager (RAM) are reflected in policies.
         For more information, see Attach a Policy for Cross-Account Access .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-policy
          --resource-arn <value>
          --policy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the private CA to associate with
          the policy.  The  ARN  of  the  CA  can  be  found  by  calling  the
          ListCertificateAuthorities action.

       --policy (string)
          The  path  and file name of a JSON-formatted IAM policy to attach to
          the specified private CA resource. If this policy does  not  contain
          all  required statements or if it includes any statement that is not
          allowed, the PutPolicy action returns  an  InvalidPolicyException  .
          For  information  about  IAM  policy  and  statement  structure, see
          Overview of JSON Policies .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  PUT-POLICY()
