REVOKE-CERTIFICATE()                                      REVOKE-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       revoke-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes a certificate that was issued inside ACM Private CA. If you en-
       able a certificate revocation list (CRL) when you create or update your
       private CA, information about the revoked certificates will be included
       in the CRL. ACM Private CA writes the CRL to  an  S3  bucket  that  you
       specify.  A  CRL  is typically updated approximately 30 minutes after a
       certificate is revoked. If for any reason the  CRL  update  fails,  ACM
       Private  CA attempts makes further attempts every 15 minutes. With Ama-
       zon CloudWatch, you can create alarms for the metrics CRLGenerated  and
       MisconfiguredCRLBucket . For more information, see Supported CloudWatch
       Metrics .

       NOTE:
          Both PCA and the IAM principal must have permission to write to  the
          S3  bucket  that  you  specify. If the IAM principal making the call
          does not have permission to write to the bucket, then  an  exception
          is thrown. For more information, see Configure Access to ACM Private
          CA .

       ACM Private CA also writes revocation information to the audit  report.
       For more information, see CreateCertificateAuthorityAuditReport .

       NOTE:
          You cannot revoke a root CA self-signed certificate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            revoke-certificate
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --certificate-serial <value>
          --revocation-reason <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the private CA that issued the cer-
          tificate to be revoked. This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 78)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --certificate-serial (string)
          Serial  number  of  the  certificate  to be revoked. This must be in
          hexadecimal format. You can retrieve the serial  number  by  calling
          GetCertificate  with  the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certifi-
          cate you want and the ARN of your private CA. The GetCertificate ac-
          tion  retrieves  the  certificate in the PEM format. You can use the
          following OpenSSL command to list the certificate in text format and
          copy the hexadecimal serial number.
              openssl x509 -in *file_path* -text -noout

          You  can  also  copy  the  serial number from the console or use the
          DescribeCertificate action in the AWS Certificate Manager API Refer-
          ence .

       --revocation-reason (string)
          Specifies why you revoked the certificate.

          Possible values:

          o UNSPECIFIED

          o KEY_COMPROMISE

          o CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY_COMPROMISE

          o AFFILIATION_CHANGED

          o SUPERSEDED

          o CESSATION_OF_OPERATION

          o PRIVILEGE_WITHDRAWN

          o A_A_COMPROMISE

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To revoke a private certificate

       The following revoke-certificate command revokes a private  certificate
       from the CA identified by the ARN.

          aws acm-pca revoke-certificate --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:1234567890:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --certificate-serial 67:07:44:76:83:a9:b7:f4:05:56:27:ff:d5:5c:eb:cc --revocation-reason "KEY_COMPROMISE"

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          REVOKE-CERTIFICATE()
