TAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()                        TAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()



NAME
       tag-certificate-authority -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one or more tags to your private CA. Tags are labels that you can
       use to identify and organize your AWS resources. Each tag consists of a
       key  and  an optional value. You specify the private CA on input by its
       Amazon Resource Name (ARN). You specify the tag by  using  a  key-value
       pair.  You  can apply a tag to just one private CA if you want to iden-
       tify a specific characteristic of that CA, or you can  apply  the  same
       tag  to  multiple  private CAs if you want to filter for a common rela-
       tionship among  those  CAs.  To  remove  one  or  more  tags,  use  the
       UntagCertificateAuthority  action. Call the ListTags action to see what
       tags are associated with your CA.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-certificate-authority
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that was  returned  when  you  called
          CreateCertificateAuthority . This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

              System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 53)
                     Inline literal start-string without end-string.

       --tags (list)
          List of tags to be associated with the CA.

          (structure)
              Tags are labels that you can use to identify and  organize  your
              private  CAs.  Each tag consists of a key and an optional value.
              You can associate up to 50 tags with a private CA. To add one or
              more  tags to a private CA, call the TagCertificateAuthority ac-
              tion. To remove a tag, call  the  UntagCertificateAuthority  ac-
              tion.

              Key -> (string)
                 Key (name) of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 Value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach tags to a private certificate authority

       The following tag-certificate-authority command attaches  one  or  more
       tags to your private CA.

          aws acm-pca tag-certificate-authority --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --tags Key=Admin,Value=Alice

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   TAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()
