UNTAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()                    UNTAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()



NAME
       untag-certificate-authority -

DESCRIPTION
       Remove  one  or  more  tags  from  your private CA. A tag consists of a
       key-value pair. If you do not specify the value portion of the tag when
       calling  this  action,  the tag will be removed regardless of value. If
       you specify a value, the tag is removed only if it is  associated  with
       the   specified   value.   To  add  tags  to  a  private  CA,  use  the
       TagCertificateAuthority . Call the ListTags action to see what tags are
       associated with your CA.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-certificate-authority
          --certificate-authority-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-authority-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) that was returned when you called
          CreateCertificateAuthority . This must be of the form:

              ``
              arn:aws:acm-pca:region       :account       :certificate-author-
              ity/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 ``

       --tags (list)
          List of tags to be removed from the CA.

          (structure)
              Tags  are  labels that you can use to identify and organize your
              private CAs. Each tag consists of a key and an  optional  value.
              You can associate up to 50 tags with a private CA. To add one or
              more tags to a private CA, call the TagCertificateAuthority  ac-
              tion.  To  remove  a tag, call the UntagCertificateAuthority ac-
              tion.

              Key -> (string)
                 Key (name) of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 Value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove one or more tags from your private certificate authority

       The following untag-certificate-authority command removes tags from the
       private CA identified by the ARN.

          aws acm-pca untag-certificate-authority --certificate-authority-arn arn:aws:acm-pca:us-west-2:123456789012:certificate-authority/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012 --tags Key=Purpose,Value=Website

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 UNTAG-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITY()
