GET-AWS-OPPORTUNITY-SUMMARY()                    GET-AWS-OPPORTUNITY-SUMMARY()



NAME
       get-aws-opportunity-summary -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  summary  of  an  AWS  Opportunity.  This summary includes
       high-level details about the opportunity  sourced  from  AWS,  such  as
       lifecycle  information,  customer  details, and involvement type. It is
       useful for tracking updates on the AWS opportunity corresponding to  an
       opportunity in the partner's account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-aws-opportunity-summary
          --catalog <value>
          --related-opportunity-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog (string)
          Specifies  the  catalog in which the AWS Opportunity is located. Ac-
          cepted values include AWS for production  opportunities  or  Sandbox
          for  testing  purposes. The catalog determines which environment the
          opportunity data is pulled from.

       --related-opportunity-identifier (string)
          The unique identifier for the related partner opportunity. Use  this
          field to correlate an AWS opportunity with its corresponding partner
          opportunity.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable  automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       Catalog -> (string)
          Specifies the catalog in which the AWS Opportunity exists.  This  is
          the environment (e.g., AWS or Sandbox ) where the opportunity is be-
          ing managed.

       Customer -> (structure)
          Provides details about the customer associated with the AWS Opportu-
          nity,  including  account  information, industry, and other customer
          data. These details help partners understand the business context of
          the opportunity.

          Contacts -> (list)
              Provides  a  list  of customer contacts involved in the opportu-
              nity. These contacts may include decision  makers,  influencers,
              and other stakeholders within the customer's organization.

              (structure)
                 An  object  that  contains  a Customer Partner 's contact de-
                 tails.

                 BusinessTitle -> (string)
                     The partner contact's title (job title or  role)  associ-
                     ated with the Opportunity . BusinessTitle supports either
                     PartnerAccountManager or OpportunityOwner .

                 Email -> (string)
                     The contact's email address associated with the  Opportu-
                     nity .

                 FirstName -> (string)
                     The  contact's first name associated with the Opportunity
                     .

                 LastName -> (string)
                     The contact's last name associated with the Opportunity .

                 Phone -> (string)
                     The contact's phone number associated with  the  Opportu-
                     nity .

       Insights -> (structure)
          Provides  insights  into  the  AWS Opportunity, including engagement
          score and recommended actions that AWS suggests for the partner.

          EngagementScore -> (string)
              Represents a score assigned by AWS to indicate the level of  en-
              gagement  and  potential success for the opportunity. This score
              helps partners prioritize their efforts.

          NextBestActions -> (string)
              Provides recommendations from AWS on the next  best  actions  to
              take  in  order to move the opportunity forward and increase the
              likelihood of success.

       InvolvementType -> (string)
          Specifies the type of involvement AWS has in the  opportunity,  such
          as  direct cosell or advisory support. This field helps partners un-
          derstand the role AWS plays in advancing the opportunity.

       InvolvementTypeChangeReason -> (string)
          Provides a reason for any changes in the involvement type of AWS  in
          the  opportunity.  This  field is used to track why the level of AWS
          engagement has changed from For Visibility Only to Co-sell  offering
          transparency into the partnership dynamics.

       LifeCycle -> (structure)
          Contains  lifecycle  information  for the AWS Opportunity, including
          review status, stage, and target close date. This field  is  crucial
          for partners to monitor the progression of the opportunity.

          ClosedLostReason -> (string)
              Indicates  the  reason  why  an opportunity was marked as Closed
              Lost . This helps in understanding the context behind  the  lost
              opportunity and aids in refining future strategies.

          NextSteps -> (string)
              Specifies  the immediate next steps required to progress the op-
              portunity. These steps are based on AWS guidance and the current
              stage of the opportunity.

          NextStepsHistory -> (list)
              Provides a historical log of previous next steps that were taken
              to move the opportunity forward. This helps in tracking the  de-
              cision-making  process  and  identifying any delays or obstacles
              encountered.

              (structure)
                 Tracks the history of next steps associated with the opportu-
                 nity.  This field captures the actions planned for the future
                 and their timeline.

                 Time -> (timestamp)
                     Indicates the date and time when a particular  next  step
                     was recorded or planned. This helps in managing the time-
                     line for the opportunity.

                 Value -> (string)
                     Represents the details of the next step recorded, such as
                     follow-up  actions or decisions made. This field helps in
                     tracking progress and  ensuring  alignment  with  project
                     goals.

          Stage -> (string)
              Represents  the  current stage of the opportunity in its lifecy-
              cle, such as Qualification , Validation , or Closed Won  .  This
              helps in understanding the opportunity's progress.

          TargetCloseDate -> (string)
              Indicates  the  expected  date  by which the opportunity is pro-
              jected to close. This field  helps  in  planning  resources  and
              timelines for both the partner and AWS.

       OpportunityTeam -> (list)
          Details  the  AWS opportunity team, including members involved. This
          information helps partners know who from AWS  is  engaged  and  what
          their role is.

          (structure)
              Represents  an  Amazon  Web Services team member for the engage-
              ment. This structure includes details such as name,  email,  and
              business title.

              BusinessTitle -> (string)
                 Specifies  the Amazon Web Services team member's business ti-
                 tle and indicates their organizational role.

              Email -> (string)
                 Provides the Amazon Web Services team member's email address.

              FirstName -> (string)
                 Provides the Amazon Web Services team member's first name.

              LastName -> (string)
                 Provides the Amazon Web Services team member's last name.

       Origin -> (string)
          Specifies whether the AWS Opportunity originated  from  AWS  or  the
          partner.  This  helps  distinguish  between  opportunities that were
          sourced by AWS and those referred by the partner.

       Project -> (structure)
          Provides details about the project associated with the AWS  Opportu-
          nity,  including  the customers business problem, expected outcomes,
          and project scope. This information is crucial for understanding the
          broader context of the opportunity.

          ExpectedCustomerSpend -> (list)
              Indicates  the expected spending by the customer over the course
              of the project. This value helps partners and AWS  estimate  the
              financial  impact of the opportunity. Use the AWS Pricing Calcu-
              lator to create an estimate of the  customers  total  spend.  If
              only  annual recurring revenue (ARR) is available, distribute it
              across 12 months to provide an average monthly value.

              (structure)
                 Provides an estimate of the revenue that the partner  is  ex-
                 pected  to  generate  from  the opportunity. This information
                 helps partners assess the financial value of the project.

                 Amount -> (string)
                     Represents the estimated monthly revenue that the partner
                     expects to earn from the opportunity. This helps in fore-
                     casting financial returns.

                 CurrencyCode -> (string)
                     Indicates the currency in which the revenue  estimate  is
                     provided.  This  helps in understanding the financial im-
                     pact across different markets.

                 EstimationUrl -> (string)
                     A URL providing additional information or  context  about
                     the spend estimation.

                 Frequency -> (string)
                     Indicates  how  frequently  the  customer  is expected to
                     spend the projected amount. This can include values  such
                     as  Monthly , Quarterly , or Annually . The default value
                     is Monthly , representing recurring monthly spend.

                 TargetCompany -> (string)
                     Specifies the name of the partner  company  that  is  ex-
                     pected  to  generate  revenue  from the opportunity. This
                     field helps track the partners involvement in the  oppor-
                     tunity.

       RelatedEntityIds -> (structure)
          Lists  related  entity  identifiers, such as AWS products or partner
          solutions, associated with the AWS  Opportunity.  These  identifiers
          provide  additional  context  and help partners understand which AWS
          services are involved.

          AwsProducts -> (list)
              Specifies the AWS products associated with the opportunity. This
              field  helps  track  the  specific products that are part of the
              proposed solution.

              (string)

          Solutions -> (list)
              Specifies the partner  solutions  related  to  the  opportunity.
              These solutions represent the partner's offerings that are being
              positioned as part of the overall AWS opportunity.

              (string)

       RelatedOpportunityId -> (string)
          Provides the unique identifier of the related  partner  opportunity,
          allowing partners to link the AWS Opportunity to their corresponding
          opportunity in their CRM system.

       Visibility -> (string)
          Defines the visibility level for the AWS Opportunity. Use Full visi-
          bility for most cases, while Limited visibility is reserved for spe-
          cial programs or sensitive opportunities.



                                                 GET-AWS-OPPORTUNITY-SUMMARY()
