CREATE-CONTACT-METHOD()                                CREATE-CONTACT-METHOD()



NAME
       create-contact-method -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an email or SMS text message contact method.

       A  contact  method  is used to send you notifications about your Amazon
       Lightsail resources. You can add one email address and one mobile phone
       number  contact method in each Amazon Web Services Region. However, SMS
       text messaging is not supported in some Amazon  Web  Services  Regions,
       and  SMS  text  messages  cannot be sent to some countries/regions. For
       more information, see Notifications in Amazon Lightsail .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-contact-method
          --protocol <value>
          --contact-endpoint <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protocol (string)
          The protocol of the contact method, such as Email or SMS (text  mes-
          saging).

          The  SMS protocol is supported only in the following Amazon Web Ser-
          vices Regions.

          o US East (N. Virginia) (us-east-1 )

          o US West (Oregon) (us-west-2 )

          o Europe (Ireland) (eu-west-1 )

          o Asia Pacific (Tokyo) (ap-northeast-1 )

          o Asia Pacific (Singapore) (ap-southeast-1 )

          o Asia Pacific (Sydney) (ap-southeast-2 )

          For a list of countries/regions where SMS text messages can be sent,
          and  the latest Amazon Web Services Regions where SMS text messaging
          is supported, see Supported Regions and Countries in the Amazon  SNS
          Developer Guide .

          For  more  information  about notifications in Amazon Lightsail, see
          Notifications in Amazon Lightsail .

          Possible values:

          o Email

          o SMS

       --contact-endpoint (string)
          The destination of the contact method, such as an email address or a
          mobile phone number.

          Use the E.164 format when specifying a mobile phone number. E.164 is
          a standard for the phone number  structure  used  for  international
          telecommunication.  Phone numbers that follow this format can have a
          maximum of 15 digits, and they are prefixed with the plus  character
          (+)  and the country code. For example, a U.S. phone number in E.164
          format would be specified as +1XXX5550100. For more information, see
          E.164 on Wikipedia .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       operations -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the result of the action, such  as
          the status of the request, the timestamp of the request, and the re-
          sources affected by the request.

          (structure)
              Describes the API operation.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the operation.

              resourceName -> (string)
                 The resource name.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The resource type.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp  when  the  operation  was  initialized  (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              location -> (structure)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region and Availability Zone.

                 availabilityZone -> (string)
                     The  Availability  Zone.  Follows  the  format us-east-2a
                     (case-sensitive).

                 regionName -> (string)
                     The AWS Region name.

              isTerminal -> (boolean)
                 A Boolean value indicating whether the operation is terminal.

              operationDetails -> (string)
                 Details about the operation (e.g., Debian-1GB-Ohio-1 ).

              operationType -> (string)
                 The type of operation.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the operation.

              statusChangedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp   when   the   status   was   changed   (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              errorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              errorDetails -> (string)
                 The error details.



                                                       CREATE-CONTACT-METHOD()
