CREATE-CONTAINER-SERVICE-REGISTRY-LOGCREATE-CONTAINER-SERVICE-REGISTRY-LOGIN()



NAME
       create-container-service-registry-login -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  temporary set of log in credentials that you can use to log
       in to the Docker process on your local machine. After you're logged in,
       you can use the native Docker commands to push your local container im-
       ages to the container image registry of your Amazon  Lightsail  account
       so that you can use them with your Lightsail container service. The log
       in credentials expire 12 hours after they are created, at  which  point
       you will need to create a new set of log in credentials.

       NOTE:
          You can only push container images to the container service registry
          of your Lightsail account. You cannot pull container images or  per-
          form  any  other container image management actions on the container
          service registry.

       After you push your container images to the container image registry of
       your Lightsail account, use the RegisterContainerImage action to regis-
       ter the pushed images to a specific Lightsail container service.

       NOTE:
          This action is not required if you install  and  use  the  Lightsail
          Control  (lightsailctl)  plugin  to  push  container  images to your
          Lightsail container service. For more information, see  Pushing  and
          managing  container  images  on your Amazon Lightsail container ser-
          vices in the Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-container-service-registry-login
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryLogin -> (structure)
          An  object  that  describes the log in information for the container
          service registry of your Lightsail account.

          username -> (string)
              The container service registry username to use to push container
              images to the container image registry of a Lightsail account.

          password -> (string)
              The container service registry password to use to push container
              images to the container image registry of a Lightsail account

          expiresAt -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of when the container image registry username  and
              password expire.

              The  log  in credentials expire 12 hours after they are created,
              at which point you will need to create a new set of log in  cre-
              dentials using the CreateContainerServiceRegistryLogin action.

          registry -> (string)
              The address to use to push container images to the container im-
              age registry of a Lightsail account.



                                     CREATE-CONTAINER-SERVICE-REGISTRY-LOGIN()
