DELETE-CONTAINER-IMAGE()                              DELETE-CONTAINER-IMAGE()



NAME
       delete-container-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  container image that is registered to your Amazon Lightsail
       container service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-container-image
          --service-name <value>
          --image <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-name (string)
          The name of the container service for which to delete  a  registered
          container image.

       --image (string)
          The  name  of  the container image to delete from the container ser-
          vice.

          Use the GetContainerImages action to get the name of  the  container
          images that are registered to a container service.

          NOTE:
              Container  images sourced from your Lightsail container service,
              that are registered and stored on your  service,  start  with  a
              colon  (: ). For example, :container-service-1.mystaticwebsite.1
              . Container images sourced from a public  registry  like  Docker
              Hub don't start with a colon. For example, nginx:latest or nginx
              .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-CONTAINER-IMAGE()
