EXPORT-SNAPSHOT()                                            EXPORT-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       export-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Exports  an Amazon Lightsail instance or block storage disk snapshot to
       Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2). This operation results in an
       export snapshot record that can be used with the create cloud formation
       stack operation to create new Amazon EC2 instances.

       Exported instance snapshots appear in Amazon EC2 as Amazon Machine  Im-
       ages  (AMIs), and the instance system disk appears as an Amazon Elastic
       Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Exported disk snapshots appear in Ama-
       zon  EC2 as Amazon EBS volumes. Snapshots are exported to the same Ama-
       zon Web Services Region in Amazon EC2 as the source Lightsail snapshot.

       The export snapshot operation supports tag-based access control via re-
       source  tags applied to the resource identified by source snapshot name
       . For more information, see the Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide .

       NOTE:
          Use the get instance snapshots or get disk snapshots  operations  to
          get a list of snapshots that you can export to Amazon EC2.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-snapshot
          --source-snapshot-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-snapshot-name (string)
          The  name  of the instance or disk snapshot to be exported to Amazon
          EC2.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       operations -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the result of the action, such  as
          the status of the request, the timestamp of the request, and the re-
          sources affected by the request.

          (structure)
              Describes the API operation.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the operation.

              resourceName -> (string)
                 The resource name.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The resource type.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp  when  the  operation  was  initialized  (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              location -> (structure)
                 The AWS Region and Availability Zone.

                 availabilityZone -> (string)
                     The  Availability  Zone.  Follows  the  format us-east-2a
                     (case-sensitive).

                 regionName -> (string)
                     The AWS Region name.

              isTerminal -> (boolean)
                 A Boolean value indicating whether the operation is terminal.

              operationDetails -> (string)
                 Details about the operation (e.g., Debian-1GB-Ohio-1 ).

              operationType -> (string)
                 The type of operation.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the operation.

              statusChangedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp   when   the   status   was   changed   (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              errorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              errorDetails -> (string)
                 The error details.



                                                             EXPORT-SNAPSHOT()
