GET-CONTACT-METHODS()                                    GET-CONTACT-METHODS()



NAME
       get-contact-methods -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information  about  the  configured contact methods. Specify a
       protocol in your request to return information about a specific contact
       method.

       A  contact  method  is used to send you notifications about your Amazon
       Lightsail resources. You can add one email address and one mobile phone
       number  contact  method in each AWS Region. However, SMS text messaging
       is not supported in some AWS Regions, and SMS text messages  cannot  be
       sent to some countries/regions. For more information, see Notifications
       in Amazon Lightsail .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-contact-methods
          [--protocols <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protocols (list)
          The protocols used to send notifications, such as  Email  ,  or  SMS
          (text messaging).

          Specify  a  protocol  in  your request to return information about a
          specific contact method protocol.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            Email
            SMS

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       contactMethods -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the contact methods.

          (structure)
              Describes a contact method.

              A  contact  method  is a way to send you notifications. For more
              information, see Notifications in Amazon Lightsail .

              contactEndpoint -> (string)
                 The destination of the contact method, such as an  email  ad-
                 dress or a mobile phone number.

              status -> (string)
                 The current status of the contact method.

                 A contact method has the following possible status:

                 o PendingVerification  -  The contact method has not yet been
                   verified, and the verification has not yet expired.

                 o Valid - The contact method has been verified.

                 o InValid - An attempt was made to verify the contact method,
                   but the verification has expired.

              protocol -> (string)
                 The  protocol  of  the  contact  method, such as email or SMS
                 (text messaging).

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the contact method.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact method.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the contact method was created.

              location -> (structure)
                 Describes the resource location.

                 availabilityZone -> (string)
                     The Availability  Zone.  Follows  the  format  us-east-2a
                     (case-sensitive).

                 regionName -> (string)
                     The AWS Region name.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The Lightsail resource type (e.g., ContactMethod ).

              supportCode -> (string)
                 The  support code. Include this code in your email to support
                 when you have questions about your Lightsail contact  method.
                 This  code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail
                 information more easily.



                                                         GET-CONTACT-METHODS()
