GET-INSTANCE-STATE()                                      GET-INSTANCE-STATE()



NAME
       get-instance-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  state  of a specific instance. Works on one instance at a
       time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-instance-state
          --instance-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-name (string)
          The name of the instance to get state information about.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about the state of an instance

       The following get-instance-state example returns the state of the spec-
       ified instance.

          aws lightsail get-instance-state \
              --instance-name MEAN-1

       Output:

          {
              "state": {
                  "code": 16,
                  "name": "running"
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       state -> (structure)
          The state of the instance.

          code -> (integer)
              The status code for the instance.

          name -> (string)
              The state of the instance (e.g., running or pending ).



                                                          GET-INSTANCE-STATE()
