GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-POWERS()                  GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-POWERS()



NAME
       get-container-service-powers -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the list of powers that can be specified for your Amazon Light-
       sail container services.

       The power specifies the amount of memory, the number of vCPUs, and  the
       base price of the container service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-container-service-powers
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       powers -> (list)
          An  array  of objects that describe the powers that can be specified
          for a container service.

          (structure)
              Describes the powers that can be specified for an Amazon  Light-
              sail container service.

              The  power specifies the amount of RAM, the number of vCPUs, and
              the base price of the container service.

              powerId -> (string)
                 The ID of the power (e.g., nano-1 ).

              price -> (float)
                 The monthly price of the power in USD.

              cpuCount -> (float)
                 The number of vCPUs included in the power.

              ramSizeInGb -> (float)
                 The amount of RAM (in GB) of the power.

              name -> (string)
                 The friendly name of the power (e.g., nano ).

              isActive -> (boolean)
                 A Boolean value indicating whether the power  is  active  and
                 can be specified for container services.



                                                GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-POWERS()
