GET-DISTRIBUTION-LATEST-CACHE-RESET()    GET-DISTRIBUTION-LATEST-CACHE-RESET()



NAME
       get-distribution-latest-cache-reset -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the timestamp and status of the last cache reset of a specific
       Amazon Lightsail content delivery network (CDN) distribution.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-distribution-latest-cache-reset
          [--distribution-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --distribution-name (string)
          The name of the distribution for which to return  the  timestamp  of
          the last cache reset.

          Use  the GetDistributions action to get a list of distribution names
          that you can specify.

          When omitted, the response includes the latest cache reset timestamp
          of all your distributions.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          The status of the last cache reset.

       createTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp of the last cache reset (e.g., 1479734909.17 ) in Unix
          time format.



                                         GET-DISTRIBUTION-LATEST-CACHE-RESET()
