GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-METRIC-DATA()        GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-METRIC-DATA()



NAME
       get-container-service-metric-data -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  data points of a specific metric of your Amazon Lightsail
       container service.

       Metrics report the utilization of your resources. Monitor  and  collect
       metric  data  regularly  to maintain the reliability, availability, and
       performance of your resources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-container-service-metric-data
          --service-name <value>
          --metric-name <value>
          --start-time <value>
          --end-time <value>
          --period <value>
          --statistics <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-name (string)
          The name of the container service for which to get metric data.

       --metric-name (string)
          The metric for which you want to return information.

          Valid container service metric names are listed  below,  along  with
          the  most useful statistics to include in your request, and the pub-
          lished unit value.

          o CPUUtilization - The average percentage of compute units that  are
            currently  in  use across all nodes of the container service. This
            metric identifies the processing power required to run  containers
            on each node of the container service. Statistics: The most useful
            statistics are Maximum and Average . Unit: The published  unit  is
            Percent .

          o MemoryUtilization  -  The  average  percentage of available memory
            that is currently in use across all nodes of  the  container  ser-
            vice. This metric identifies the memory required to run containers
            on each node of the container service. Statistics: The most useful
            statistics  are  Maximum and Average . Unit: The published unit is
            Percent .

          Possible values:

          o CPUUtilization

          o MemoryUtilization

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The start time of the time period.

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The end time of the time period.

       --period (integer)
          The granularity, in seconds, of the returned data points.

          All container service metric data is available in 5-minute (300 sec-
          onds) granularity.

       --statistics (list)
          The statistic for the metric.

          The following statistics are available:

          o Minimum  -  The lowest value observed during the specified period.
            Use this value to determine low volumes of activity for  your  ap-
            plication.

          o Maximum  - The highest value observed during the specified period.
            Use this value to determine high volumes of activity for your  ap-
            plication.

          o Sum - All values submitted for the matching metric added together.
            You can use this statistic to determine the total volume of a met-
            ric.

          o Average  - The value of Sum / SampleCount during the specified pe-
            riod. By comparing this statistic with  the  Minimum  and  Maximum
            values, you can determine the full scope of a metric and how close
            the average use is to the Minimum and Maximum values. This compar-
            ison  helps  you  to  know  when  to increase or decrease your re-
            sources.

          o SampleCount - The count, or number, of data points  used  for  the
            statistical calculation.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            Minimum
            Maximum
            Sum
            Average
            SampleCount

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       metricName -> (string)
          The name of the metric returned.

       metricData -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the metric data returned.

          (structure)
              Describes the metric data point.

              average -> (double)
                 The average.

              maximum -> (double)
                 The maximum.

              minimum -> (double)
                 The minimum.

              sampleCount -> (double)
                 The sample count.

              sum -> (double)
                 The sum.

              timestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp (e.g., 1479816991.349 ).

              unit -> (string)
                 The unit.



                                           GET-CONTAINER-SERVICE-METRIC-DATA()
