GET-CONTAINER-IMAGES()                                  GET-CONTAINER-IMAGES()



NAME
       get-container-images -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the container images that are registered to your Amazon Light-
       sail container service.

       NOTE:
          If you created a deployment on your Lightsail container service that
          uses  container images from a public registry like Docker Hub, those
          images are not returned as part of this action. Those images are not
          registered to your Lightsail container service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-container-images
          --service-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  container service for which to return registered
          container images.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       containerImages -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe container images that  are  regis-
          tered to the container service.

          (structure)
              Describes  a  container  image  that  is registered to an Amazon
              Lightsail container service.

              image -> (string)
                 The name of the container image.

              digest -> (string)
                 The digest of the container image.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the container image was created.



                                                        GET-CONTAINER-IMAGES()
