GET-LOAD-BALANCER-TLS-POLICIES()              GET-LOAD-BALANCER-TLS-POLICIES()



NAME
       get-load-balancer-tls-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of TLS security policies that you can apply to Lightsail
       load balancers.

       For more information about load balancer  TLS  security  policies,  see
       Configuring  TLS  security  policies on your Amazon Lightsail load bal-
       ancers in the Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-load-balancer-tls-policies
          [--page-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --page-token (string)
          The token to advance to the next page of results from your request.

          To get a page token, perform an  initial  GetLoadBalancerTlsPolicies
          request.  If  your results are paginated, the response will return a
          next page token that you can specify as the page token in  a  subse-
          quent request.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tlsPolicies -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the TLS security policies that are
          available.

          (structure)
              Describes  the  TLS  security  policies  that  are available for
              Lightsail load balancers.

              For more information about load balancer TLS security  policies,
              see  Configuring  TLS security policies on your Amazon Lightsail
              load balancers in the Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide .

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the TLS security policy.

              isDefault -> (boolean)
                 A Boolean value that indicates whether the TLS security  pol-
                 icy is the default.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the TLS security policy.

              protocols -> (list)
                 The protocols used in a given TLS security policy.

                 (string)

              ciphers -> (list)
                 The ciphers used by the TLS security policy.

                 The ciphers are listed in order of preference.

                 (string)

       nextPageToken -> (string)
          The token to advance to the next page of results from your request.

          A  next  page  token is not returned if there are no more results to
          display.

          To get the next page of results, perform another  GetLoadBalancerTl-
          sPolicies  request and specify the next page token using the pageTo-
          ken parameter.



                                              GET-LOAD-BALANCER-TLS-POLICIES()
