GET-ALARMS()                                                      GET-ALARMS()



NAME
       get-alarms -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the configured alarms. Specify an alarm name
       in your request to return information about a specific alarm, or  spec-
       ify  a  monitored  resource name to return information about all alarms
       for a specific resource.

       An alarm is used to monitor a single metric for one of your  resources.
       When  a metric condition is met, the alarm can notify you by email, SMS
       text message, and a banner displayed on the Amazon  Lightsail  console.
       For more information, see Alarms in Amazon Lightsail .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-alarms
          [--alarm-name <value>]
          [--page-token <value>]
          [--monitored-resource-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alarm-name (string)
          The name of the alarm.

          Specify an alarm name to return information about a specific alarm.

       --page-token (string)
          The token to advance to the next page of results from your request.

          To  get  a page token, perform an initial GetAlarms request. If your
          results are paginated, the response will return a  next  page  token
          that you can specify as the page token in a subsequent request.

       --monitored-resource-name (string)
          The name of the Lightsail resource being monitored by the alarm.

          Specify  a  monitored  resource name to return information about all
          alarms for a specific resource.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       alarms -> (list)
          An array of objects that describe the alarms.

          (structure)
              Describes an alarm.

              An  alarm  is  a way to monitor your Lightsail resource metrics.
              For more information, see Alarms in Amazon Lightsail .

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the alarm.

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the alarm.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the alarm was created.

              location -> (structure)
                 An object that lists information about the  location  of  the
                 alarm.

                 availabilityZone -> (string)
                     The  Availability  Zone.  Follows  the  format us-east-2a
                     (case-sensitive).

                 regionName -> (string)
                     The AWS Region name.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The Lightsail resource type (e.g., Alarm ).

              supportCode -> (string)
                 The support code. Include this code in your email to  support
                 when you have questions about your Lightsail alarm. This code
                 enables our support team to look up your  Lightsail  informa-
                 tion more easily.

              monitoredResourceInfo -> (structure)
                 An object that lists information about the resource monitored
                 by the alarm.

                 arn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource being mon-
                     itored.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the Lightsail resource being monitored.

                 resourceType -> (string)
                     The  Lightsail  resource type of the resource being moni-
                     tored.

                     Instances, load balancers, and relational  databases  are
                     the  only Lightsail resources that can currently be moni-
                     tored by alarms.

              comparisonOperator -> (string)
                 The arithmetic operation used when  comparing  the  specified
                 statistic and threshold.

              evaluationPeriods -> (integer)
                 The  number  of  periods  over  which data is compared to the
                 specified threshold.

              period -> (integer)
                 The period, in seconds, over which the statistic is applied.

              threshold -> (double)
                 The value against which the specified statistic is compared.

              datapointsToAlarm -> (integer)
                 The number of data points that must not within the  specified
                 threshold to trigger the alarm.

              treatMissingData -> (string)
                 Specifies how the alarm handles missing data points.

                 An alarm can treat missing data in the following ways:

                 o breaching  -  Assume  the  missing  data  is not within the
                   threshold. Missing data counts towards the number of  times
                   the metric is not within the threshold.

                 o notBreaching  -  Assume  the  missing  data  is  within the
                   threshold. Missing data does not count towards  the  number
                   of times the metric is not within the threshold.

                 o ignore  -  Ignore  the  missing data. Maintains the current
                   alarm state.

                 o missing - Missing data is treated as missing.

              statistic -> (string)
                 The statistic for the metric associated with the alarm.

                 The following statistics are available:

                 o Minimum - The lowest value observed  during  the  specified
                   period. Use this value to determine low volumes of activity
                   for your application.

                 o Maximum - The highest value observed during  the  specified
                   period.  Use this value to determine high volumes of activ-
                   ity for your application.

                 o Sum - All values submitted for the  matching  metric  added
                   together. You can use this statistic to determine the total
                   volume of a metric.

                 o Average - The value of Sum / SampleCount during the  speci-
                   fied  period.  By comparing this statistic with the Minimum
                   and Maximum values, you can determine the full scope  of  a
                   metric  and how close the average use is to the Minimum and
                   Maximum values. This comparison helps you to know  when  to
                   increase or decrease your resources.

                 o SampleCount - The count, or number, of data points used for
                   the statistical calculation.

              metricName -> (string)
                 The name of the metric associated with the alarm.

              state -> (string)
                 The current state of the alarm.

                 An alarm has the following possible states:

                 o ALARM - The metric is outside of the defined threshold.

                 o INSUFFICIENT_DATA - The alarm has just started, the  metric
                   is  not  available, or not enough data is available for the
                   metric to determine the alarm state.

                 o OK - The metric is within the defined threshold.

              unit -> (string)
                 The unit of the metric associated with the alarm.

              contactProtocols -> (list)
                 The contact protocols for the alarm,  such  as  Email  ,  SMS
                 (text messaging), or both.

                 (string)

              notificationTriggers -> (list)
                 The alarm states that trigger a notification.

                 (string)

              notificationEnabled -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the alarm is enabled.

       nextPageToken -> (string)
          The token to advance to the next page of results from your request.

          A  next  page  token is not returned if there are no more results to
          display.

          To get the next page of results, perform another  GetAlarms  request
          and specify the next page token using the pageToken parameter.



                                                                  GET-ALARMS()
