GET-BUCKET-BUNDLES()                                      GET-BUCKET-BUNDLES()



NAME
       get-bucket-bundles -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the bundles that you can apply to a Amazon Lightsail bucket.

       The  bucket  bundle specifies the monthly cost, storage quota, and data
       transfer quota for a bucket.

       Use the UpdateBucketBundle action to update the bundle for a bucket.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bucket-bundles
          [--include-inactive | --no-include-inactive]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --include-inactive | --no-include-inactive (boolean)
          A Boolean value that indicates whether to include inactive (unavail-
          able) bundles in the response of your request.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       bundles -> (list)
          An object that describes bucket bundles.

          (structure)
              Describes the specifications of a bundle that can be applied  to
              an Amazon Lightsail bucket.

              A  bucket  bundle specifies the monthly cost, storage space, and
              data transfer quota for a bucket.

              bundleId -> (string)
                 The ID of the bundle.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the bundle.

              price -> (float)
                 The monthly price of the bundle, in US dollars.

              storagePerMonthInGb -> (integer)
                 The storage size of the bundle, in GB.

              transferPerMonthInGb -> (integer)
                 The monthly network transfer quota of the bundle.

              isActive -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the bundle is active. Use for a new or  ex-
                 isting bucket.



                                                          GET-BUCKET-BUNDLES()
