IS-VPC-PEERED()                                                IS-VPC-PEERED()



NAME
       is-vpc-peered -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  Boolean  value  indicating  whether  your  Lightsail VPC is
       peered.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            is-vpc-peered
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To identify if your Amazon Lightsail virtual private cloud is peered

       The following is-vpc-peered example returns the peering status  of  the
       Amazon  Lightsail virtual private cloud (VPC) for the specified AWS Re-
       gion.

          aws lightsail is-vpc-peered \
              --region us-west-2

       Output:

          {
              "isPeered": true
          }

OUTPUT
       isPeered -> (boolean)
          Returns true if the Lightsail VPC is peered; otherwise, false .



                                                               IS-VPC-PEERED()
