REGISTER-CONTAINER-IMAGE()                          REGISTER-CONTAINER-IMAGE()



NAME
       register-container-image -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers a container image to your Amazon Lightsail container service.

       NOTE:
          This  action  is  not  required if you install and use the Lightsail
          Control (lightsailctl) plugin  to  push  container  images  to  your
          Lightsail  container  service. For more information, see Pushing and
          managing container images on your Amazon  Lightsail  container  ser-
          vices in the Amazon Lightsail Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-container-image
          --service-name <value>
          --label <value>
          --digest <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --service-name (string)
          The  name of the container service for which to register a container
          image.

       --label (string)
          The label for the container image when it's registered to  the  con-
          tainer service.

          Use a descriptive label that you can use to track the different ver-
          sions of your registered container images.

          Use the GetContainerImages action to  return  the  container  images
          registered  to  a Lightsail container service. The label is the <im-
          agelabel> portion of the following image name example:

          o :container-service-1.<imagelabel>.1

          If the name of your container service is  mycontainerservice  ,  and
          the label that you specify is mystaticwebsite , then the name of the
          registered container image will be  :mycontainerservice.mystaticweb-
          site.1 .

          The  number  at  the end of these image name examples represents the
          version of the registered container image. If you push and  register
          another  container  image  to  the same Lightsail container service,
          with the same label, then the version number for the new  registered
          container  image  will  be 2 . If you push and register another con-
          tainer image, the version number will be 3 , and so on.

       --digest (string)
          The digest of the container image to be registered.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       containerImage -> (structure)
          Describes  a  container image that is registered to an Amazon Light-
          sail container service.

          image -> (string)
              The name of the container image.

          digest -> (string)
              The digest of the container image.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp when the container image was created.



                                                    REGISTER-CONTAINER-IMAGE()
