SEND-CONTACT-METHOD-VERIFICATION()          SEND-CONTACT-METHOD-VERIFICATION()



NAME
       send-contact-method-verification -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  a verification request to an email contact method to ensure it's
       owned by the requester. SMS contact methods don't need to be verified.

       A contact method is used to send you notifications  about  your  Amazon
       Lightsail resources. You can add one email address and one mobile phone
       number contact method in each Amazon Web Services Region. However,  SMS
       text  messaging  is  not supported in some Amazon Web Services Regions,
       and SMS text messages cannot be sent  to  some  countries/regions.  For
       more information, see Notifications in Amazon Lightsail .

       A verification request is sent to the contact method when you initially
       create it. Use this action to send another verification  request  if  a
       previous verification request was deleted, or has expired.

       WARNING:
          Notifications are not sent to an email contact method until after it
          is verified, and confirmed as valid.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-contact-method-verification
          --protocol <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --protocol (string)
          The protocol to verify, such as Email or SMS (text messaging).

          Possible values:

          o Email

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       operations -> (list)
          An  array of objects that describe the result of the action, such as
          the status of the request, the timestamp of the request, and the re-
          sources affected by the request.

          (structure)
              Describes the API operation.

              id -> (string)
                 The ID of the operation.

              resourceName -> (string)
                 The resource name.

              resourceType -> (string)
                 The resource type.

              createdAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp  when  the  operation  was  initialized (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              location -> (structure)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region and Availability Zone.

                 availabilityZone -> (string)
                     The Availability  Zone.  Follows  the  format  us-east-2a
                     (case-sensitive).

                 regionName -> (string)
                     The AWS Region name.

              isTerminal -> (boolean)
                 A Boolean value indicating whether the operation is terminal.

              operationDetails -> (string)
                 Details about the operation (e.g., Debian-1GB-Ohio-1 ).

              operationType -> (string)
                 The type of operation.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the operation.

              statusChangedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The   timestamp   when   the   status   was   changed  (e.g.,
                 1479816991.349 ).

              errorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              errorDetails -> (string)
                 The error details.



                                            SEND-CONTACT-METHOD-VERIFICATION()
