LIST-S3-BUCKETS()                                            LIST-S3-BUCKETS()



NAME
       list-s3-buckets -

DESCRIPTION
       The list of S3 buckets in your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-s3-buckets
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          Reserved for future use.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Buckets -> (list)
          The list of S3 buckets.

          (structure)
              Describes the metadata of the S3 bucket.

              CreationDate -> (string)
                 The creation date of the S3 bucket.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the S3 bucket.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Reserved for future use.



                                                             LIST-S3-BUCKETS()
