GET-ACTIVITY-TASK()                                        GET-ACTIVITY-TASK()



NAME
       get-activity-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  by  workers  to retrieve a task (with the specified activity ARN)
       which has been scheduled for execution by a running state machine. This
       initiates a long poll, where the service holds the HTTP connection open
       and responds as soon as a task becomes available (i.e. an execution  of
       a  task  of this type is needed.) The maximum time the service holds on
       to the request before responding is 60 seconds. If no task is available
       within 60 seconds, the poll returns a taskToken with a null string.

       WARNING:
          Workers  should  set their client side socket timeout to at least 65
          seconds (5 seconds higher than the maximum time the service may hold
          the poll request).

          Polling  with  GetActivityTask can cause latency in some implementa-
          tions. See Avoid Latency When Polling for Activity Tasks in the Step
          Functions Developer Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-activity-task
          --activity-arn <value>
          [--worker-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --activity-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the activity to retrieve tasks
          from (assigned when you create the task using  CreateActivity .)

       --worker-name (string)
          You can provide an arbitrary name in order to  identify  the  worker
          that the task is assigned to. This name is used when it is logged in
          the execution history.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       taskToken -> (string)
          A token that identifies the  scheduled  task.  This  token  must  be
          copied  and  included  in  subsequent  calls to  SendTaskHeartbeat ,
          SendTaskSuccess or  SendTaskFailure in order to report the  progress
          or completion of the task.

       input -> (string)
          The  string  that  contains the JSON input data for the task. Length
          constraints apply to the payload size, and are expressed as bytes in
          UTF-8 encoding.



                                                           GET-ACTIVITY-TASK()
