SEND-TASK-SUCCESS()                                        SEND-TASK-SUCCESS()



NAME
       send-task-success -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  by activity workers and task states using the callback pattern to
       report that the task identified by  the  taskToken  completed  success-
       fully.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-task-success
          --task-token <value>
          --task-output <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-token (string)
          The  token  that  represents this task. Task tokens are generated by
          Step Functions when tasks are  assigned  to  a  worker,  or  in  the
          context  object when a workflow enters a task state. See  GetActivi-
          tyTaskOutput$taskToken .

       --task-output (string)
          The JSON output of the task. Length constraints apply to the payload
          size, and are expressed as bytes in UTF-8 encoding.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           SEND-TASK-SUCCESS()
