DELETE-ROUTE()                                                  DELETE-ROUTE()



NAME
       delete-route -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Amazon Web Services Migration Hub Refactor Spaces route.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-route
          --application-identifier <value>
          --environment-identifier <value>
          --route-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-identifier (string)
          The ID of the application to delete the route from.

       --environment-identifier (string)
          The ID of the environment to delete the route from.

       --route-identifier (string)
          The ID of the route to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationId -> (string)
          he ID of the application that the route belongs to.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the route.

       LastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp that indicates when the route was last updated.

       RouteId -> (string)
          The ID of the route to delete.

       ServiceId -> (string)
          The ID of the service that the route belongs to.

       State -> (string)
          The current state of the route.



                                                                DELETE-ROUTE()
