DELETE-SERVICE()                                              DELETE-SERVICE()



NAME
       delete-service -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Amazon Web Services Migration Hub Refactor Spaces service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-service
          --application-identifier <value>
          --environment-identifier <value>
          --service-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-identifier (string)
          Deletes a Refactor Spaces service.

          NOTE:
              The  RefactorSpacesSecurityGroup  security group must be removed
              from all Amazon Web Services resources in  the  virtual  private
              cloud (VPC) prior to deleting a service with a URL endpoint in a
              VPC.

       --environment-identifier (string)
          The ID of the environment that the service is in.

       --service-identifier (string)
          The ID of the service to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationId -> (string)
          The ID of the application that the service is in.

       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service.

       EnvironmentId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the environment.

       LastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
          A timestamp that indicates when the service was last updated.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the service.

       ServiceId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the service.

       State -> (string)
          The current state of the service.



                                                              DELETE-SERVICE()
