PUT-RESOURCE-POLICY()                                    PUT-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       put-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  a resource-based permission policy to the Amazon Web Services
       Migration Hub Refactor Spaces environment. The policy must contain  the
       same  actions  and condition statements as the arn:aws:ram::aws:permis-
       sion/AWSRAMDefaultPermissionRefactorSpacesEnvironment permission in Re-
       source  Access  Manager. The policy must not contain new lines or blank
       lines.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-resource-policy
          --policy <value>
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --policy (string)
          A JSON-formatted string for an Amazon  Web  Services  resource-based
          policy.

       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to which the policy
          is being attached.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         PUT-RESOURCE-POLICY()
