ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ACTION-ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ACTION-WITH-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()



NAME
       associate-service-action-with-provisioning-artifact -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a self-service action with a provisioning artifact.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-service-action-with-provisioning-artifact
          --product-id <value>
          --provisioning-artifact-id <value>
          --service-action-id <value>
          [--accept-language <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier. For example, prod-abcdzk7xy33qa .

       --provisioning-artifact-id (string)
          The  identifier of the provisioning artifact. For example, pa-4abcd-
          jnxjj6ne .

       --service-action-id (string)
          The self-service action identifier. For example, act-fs7abcd89wxyz .

       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                         ASSOCIATE-SERVICE-ACTION-WITH-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()
