ASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-WITH-PORTFOLIO()      ASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-WITH-PORTFOLIO()



NAME
       associate-principal-with-portfolio -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates the specified principal ARN with the specified portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-principal-with-portfolio
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          --principal-arn <value>
          --principal-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --principal-arn (string)
          The ARN of the principal (IAM user, role, or group).

       --principal-type (string)
          The principal type. The supported value is IAM .

          Possible values:

          o IAM

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a principal with a portfolio

       The  following  associate-principal-with-portfolio example associates a
       user with the specified portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog associate-principal-with-portfolio \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6abcdefwdh4 \
              --principal-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/usertest \
              --principal-type IAM

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          ASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-WITH-PORTFOLIO()
