CREATE-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()                              CREATE-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()



NAME
       create-portfolio-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Shares  the specified portfolio with the specified account or organiza-
       tion node. Shares to an organization node can only be  created  by  the
       management  account of an organization or by a delegated administrator.
       You can share portfolios to an organization, an organizational unit, or
       a specific account.

       Note  that  if  a  delegated admin is de-registered, they can no longer
       create portfolio shares.
          AWSOrganizationsAccess must be enabled in order to create a  portfo-
          lio share to an organization node.

       You  can't share a shared resource, including portfolios that contain a
       shared product.

       If the portfolio share with the specified account or organization  node
       already  exists, this action will have no effect and will not return an
       error. To update an existing share,  you  must  use  the  UpdatePortfo-
       lioShare API instead.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-portfolio-share
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--account-id <value>]
          [--organization-node <value>]
          [--share-tag-options | --no-share-tag-options]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --account-id (string)
          The AWS account ID. For example, 123456789012 .

       --organization-node (structure)
          The  organization  node to whom you are going to share. If Organiza-
          tionNode is passed in, PortfolioShare will be created for  the  node
          an ListOrganizationPortfolioAccessd its children (when applies), and
          a PortfolioShareToken will be returned in the output  in  order  for
          the  administrator  to monitor the status of the PortfolioShare cre-
          ation process.

          Type -> (string)
              The organization node type.

          Value -> (string)
              The identifier of the organization node.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Type=string,Value=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Type": "ORGANIZATION"|"ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT"|"ACCOUNT",
            "Value": "string"
          }

       --share-tag-options | --no-share-tag-options (boolean)
          Enables or disables TagOptions sharing when creating  the  portfolio
          share. If this flag is not provided, TagOptions sharing is disabled.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To share a portfolio with an account

       The following create-portfolio-share example shares the specified port-
       folio with the specified account.

          aws servicecatalog create-portfolio-share \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6abcdef5wdh4 \
              --account-id 794123456789

       This command produceds no output.

OUTPUT
       PortfolioShareToken -> (string)
          The portfolio shares a unique identifier that only  returns  if  the
          portfolio is shared to an organization node.



                                                      CREATE-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()
