DELETE-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()                  DELETE-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()



NAME
       delete-provisioning-artifact -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified provisioning artifact (also known as a version)
       for the specified product.

       You cannot delete a provisioning artifact  associated  with  a  product
       that was shared with you. You cannot delete the last provisioning arti-
       fact for a product, because a product must have at least one provision-
       ing artifact.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-provisioning-artifact
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --product-id <value>
          --provisioning-artifact-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier.

       --provisioning-artifact-id (string)
          The identifier of the provisioning artifact.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a provisioning artifact

       The  following  delete-provisioning-artifact example deletes the speci-
       fied provisioning artifact.

          aws servicecatalog delete-provisioning-artifact \
              --product-id prod-abc2uebuplcpw \
              --provisioning-artifact-id pa-pqabcddii7ouc

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                DELETE-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()
