DELETE-PROVISIONED-PRODUCT-PLAN()            DELETE-PROVISIONED-PRODUCT-PLAN()



NAME
       delete-provisioned-product-plan -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified plan.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-provisioned-product-plan
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --plan-id <value>
          [--ignore-errors | --no-ignore-errors]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --plan-id (string)
          The plan identifier.

       --ignore-errors | --no-ignore-errors (boolean)
          If  set  to  true,  AWS Service Catalog stops managing the specified
          provisioned product even if it  cannot  delete  the  underlying  re-
          sources.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             DELETE-PROVISIONED-PRODUCT-PLAN()
