DELETE-PRODUCT()                                              DELETE-PRODUCT()



NAME
       delete-product -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified product.

       You  cannot delete a product if it was shared with you or is associated
       with a portfolio.

       A delegated admin is authorized to invoke this command.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-product
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --id (string)
          The product identifier.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a product

       The following delete-product example deletes the specified product.

          aws servicecatalog delete-product \
              --id prod-abcdcek6yhbxi

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-PRODUCT()
