DESCRIBE-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()                        DESCRIBE-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()



NAME
       describe-portfolio-shares -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a summary of each of the portfolio shares that were created for
       the specified portfolio.

       You can use this API to  determine  which  accounts  or  organizational
       nodes this portfolio have been shared, whether the recipient entity has
       imported the share, and whether TagOptions are included with the share.

       The PortfolioId and Type parameters are both required.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-portfolio-shares
          --portfolio-id <value>
          --type <value>
          [--page-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --portfolio-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the portfolio for which shares will be  re-
          trieved.

       --type (string)
          The  type of portfolio share to summarize. This field acts as a fil-
          ter on the type of portfolio share, which can be one of the  follow-
          ing:

          1. ACCOUNT - Represents an external account to account share.

          2. ORGANIZATION  - Represents a share to an organization. This share
             is available to every account in the organization.

          3. ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT - Represents a  share  to  an  organizational
             unit.

          4. ORGANIZATION_MEMBER_ACCOUNT - Represents a share to an account in
             the organization.

          Possible values:

          o ACCOUNT

          o ORGANIZATION

          o ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT

          o ORGANIZATION_MEMBER_ACCOUNT

       --page-token (string)
          The page token for the next set of results. To  retrieve  the  first
          set of results, use null.

       --page-size (integer)
          The maximum number of items to return with this call.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The  page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If there
          are no additional results, this value is null.

       PortfolioShareDetails -> (list)
          Summaries about each of the portfolio shares.

          (structure)
              Information about the portfolio share.

              PrincipalId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the  recipient  entity  that  received  the
                 portfolio  share.  The  recipient  entities can be one of the
                 following:

                 1. An external account.

                 2. An organziation member account.

                 3. An organzational unit (OU).

                 4. The organization itself. (This shares with  every  account
                    in the organization).

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of the portfolio share.

              Accepted -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether the shared portfolio is imported by the re-
                 cipient account. If the recipient is in an organization node,
                 the  share is automatically imported, and the field is always
                 set to true.

              ShareTagOptions -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether TagOptions sharing is enabled  or  disabled
                 for the portfolio share.



                                                   DESCRIBE-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()
