DISASSOCIATE-TAG-OPTION-FROM-RESOURCE()DISASSOCIATE-TAG-OPTION-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       disassociate-tag-option-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates the specified TagOption from the specified resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-tag-option-from-resource
          --resource-id <value>
          --tag-option-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The resource identifier.

       --tag-option-id (string)
          The TagOption identifier.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a TagOption from a resource

       The  following disassociate-tag-option-from-resource example disassoci-
       ates the specified TagOption from the resource.

          aws servicecatalog disassociate-tag-option-from-resource \
               --resource-id port-2s6abcdq5wdh4 \
               --tag-option-id tag-p3abc2pkpz5qc

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       DISASSOCIATE-TAG-OPTION-FROM-RESOURCE()
