DISABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()          DISABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()



NAME
       disable-aws-organizations-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Disable  portfolio sharing through the Organizations service. This com-
       mand will not delete your current shares, but prevents you from  creat-
       ing  new  shares  throughout  your organization. Current shares are not
       kept in sync with your organization structure if the structure  changes
       after calling this API. Only the management account in the organization
       can call this API.

       You cannot call this API if there are active  delegated  administrators
       in the organization.

       Note  that  a  delegated administrator is not authorized to invoke Dis-
       ableAWSOrganizationsAccess .

       WARNING:
          If you share an Service Catalog portfolio in an organization  within
          Organizations,  and  then  disable  Organizations access for Service
          Catalog, the portfolio access permissions will  not  sync  with  the
          latest changes to the organization structure. Specifically, accounts
          that you removed from the organization after disabling Service Cata-
          log access will retain access to the previously shared portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-aws-organizations-access
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DISABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()
