DISASSOCIATE-PRODUCT-FROM-PORTFOLIO()    DISASSOCIATE-PRODUCT-FROM-PORTFOLIO()



NAME
       disassociate-product-from-portfolio -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates the specified product from the specified portfolio.

       A delegated admin is authorized to invoke this command.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-product-from-portfolio
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --product-id <value>
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier.

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate a product from a portfolio

       The following disassociate-product-from-portfolio example disassociates
       the specified product from the portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog disassociate-product-from-portfolio \
              --product-id prod-3p5abcdmu3oyk \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6abcdq5wdh4

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         DISASSOCIATE-PRODUCT-FROM-PORTFOLIO()
