DISASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-FROM-PORTFOLIO()DISASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-FROM-PORTFOLIO()



NAME
       disassociate-principal-from-portfolio -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  a  previously  associated principal ARN from a specified
       portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-principal-from-portfolio
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          --principal-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --principal-arn (string)
          The ARN of the principal (IAM user, role, or group).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disassociate a principal from a portfolio

       The following disassociate-principal-from-portfolio example  disassoci-
       ates the specified principal from the portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog disassociate-principal-from-portfolio \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6abcdq5wdh4 \
              --principal-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/myendusers

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       DISASSOCIATE-PRINCIPAL-FROM-PORTFOLIO()
