ENABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()            ENABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()



NAME
       enable-aws-organizations-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable  portfolio  sharing feature through Organizations. This API will
       allow Service Catalog to receive updates on your organization in  order
       to  sync  your  shares with the current structure. This API can only be
       called by the management account in the organization.

       When  you  call  this  API,  Service  Catalog  calls  organizations:En-
       ableAWSServiceAccess  on  your  behalf so that your shares stay in sync
       with any changes in your Organizations structure.

       Note that a delegated administrator is not  authorized  to  invoke  En-
       ableAWSOrganizationsAccess .

       WARNING:
          If  you  have  previously  disabled Organizations access for Service
          Catalog, and then enable access again, the portfolio access  permis-
          sions  might  not  sync  with the latest changes to the organization
          structure. Specifically, accounts that you removed from the  organi-
          zation  after  disabling  Service Catalog access, and before you en-
          abled access again, can retain access to the previously shared port-
          folio.  As a result, an account that has been removed from the orga-
          nization might still be able to create or manage Amazon Web Services
          resources  when it is no longer authorized to do so. Amazon Web Ser-
          vices is working to resolve this issue.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            enable-aws-organizations-access
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                             ENABLE-AWS-ORGANIZATIONS-ACCESS()
