LIST-SERVICE-ACTIONS-FOR-PROVILIST-SERVICE-ACTIONS-FOR-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()



NAME
       list-service-actions-for-provisioning-artifact -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  paginated  list of self-service actions associated with the
       specified Product ID and Provisioning Artifact ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-service-actions-for-provisioning-artifact is  a  paginated  opera-
       tion.  Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire
       data set of results.  You  can  disable  pagination  by  providing  the
       --no-paginate argument.  When using --output text and the --query argu-
       ment on a paginated response, the --query argument  must  extract  data
       from  the results of the following query expressions: ServiceActionSum-
       maries

SYNOPSIS
            list-service-actions-for-provisioning-artifact
          --product-id <value>
          --provisioning-artifact-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--accept-language <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier. For example, prod-abcdzk7xy33qa .

       --provisioning-artifact-id (string)
          The identifier of the provisioning artifact. For example,  pa-4abcd-
          jnxjj6ne .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ServiceActionSummaries -> (list)
          An object containing information about the self-service actions  as-
          sociated with the provisioning artifact.

          (structure)
              Detailed information about the self-service action.

              Id -> (string)
                 The self-service action identifier.

              Name -> (string)
                 The self-service action name.

              Description -> (string)
                 The self-service action description.

              DefinitionType -> (string)
                 The self-service action definition type. For example, SSM_AU-
                 TOMATION .

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                              LIST-SERVICE-ACTIONS-FOR-PROVISIONING-ARTIFACT()
