LIST-ORGANIZATION-PORTFOLIO-ACCESS()      LIST-ORGANIZATION-PORTFOLIO-ACCESS()



NAME
       list-organization-portfolio-access -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the organization nodes that have access to the specified portfo-
       lio. This API can only be called by the management account in the orga-
       nization or by a delegated admin.

       If  a delegated admin is de-registered, they can no longer perform this
       operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-organization-portfolio-access is a paginated  operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: OrganizationNodes

SYNOPSIS
            list-organization-portfolio-access
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          --organization-node-type <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier. For example, port-2abcdext3y5fk .

       --organization-node-type (string)
          The organization node type that will be returned in the output.

          o ORGANIZATION - Organization that has access to the portfolio.

          o ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT  -  Organizational unit that has access to the
            portfolio within your organization.

          o ACCOUNT - Account that has access to the portfolio within your or-
            ganization.

          Possible values:

          o ORGANIZATION

          o ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT

          o ACCOUNT

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       OrganizationNodes -> (list)
          Displays information about the organization nodes.

          (structure)
              Information about the organization node.

              Type -> (string)
                 The organization node type.

              Value -> (string)
                 The identifier of the organization node.

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                                          LIST-ORGANIZATION-PORTFOLIO-ACCESS()
