LIST-ACCEPTED-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()              LIST-ACCEPTED-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()



NAME
       list-accepted-portfolio-shares -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all imported portfolios for which account-to-account shares were
       accepted by this account. By specifying the  PortfolioShareType  ,  you
       can  list  portfolios  for which organizational shares were accepted by
       this account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-accepted-portfolio-shares is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: PortfolioDetails

SYNOPSIS
            list-accepted-portfolio-shares
          [--accept-language <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--portfolio-share-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --portfolio-share-type (string)
          The type of shared portfolios to list. The default is  to  list  im-
          ported portfolios.

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS  - List portfolios accepted and shared via orga-
            nizational sharing by the management account or delegated adminis-
            trator of your organization.

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG - Deprecated type.

          o IMPORTED  -  List  imported portfolios that have been accepted and
            shared through account-to-account sharing.

          Possible values:

          o IMPORTED

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list accepted portfolio shares

       The following list-accepted-portfolio-shares example lists all  portfo-
       lios for which sharing was accepted by this account, including only the
       default Service Catalog portfolios.

          aws servicecatalog list-accepted-portfolio-shares \
              --portfolio-share-type "AWS_SERVICECATALOG"

       Output:

          {
              "PortfolioDetails": [
                  {
                      "ARN": "arn:aws:catalog:us-west-2:123456789012:portfolio/port-d2abcd5dpkuma",
                      "Description": "AWS Service Catalog Reference blueprints for often-used AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, VPC and EMR.",
                      "CreatedTime": 1574456190.687,
                      "ProviderName": "AWS Service Catalog",
                      "DisplayName": "Reference Architectures",
                      "Id": "port-d2abcd5dpkuma"
                  },
                  {
                      "ARN": "arn:aws:catalog:us-west-2:123456789012:portfolio/port-abcdefaua7zpu",
                      "Description": "AWS well-architected blueprints for high reliability applications.",
                      "CreatedTime": 1574461496.092,
                      "ProviderName": "AWS Service Catalog",
                      "DisplayName": "High Reliability Architectures",
                      "Id": "port-abcdefaua7zpu"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       PortfolioDetails -> (list)
          Information about the portfolios.

          (structure)
              Information about a portfolio.

              Id -> (string)
                 The portfolio identifier.

              ARN -> (string)
                 The ARN assigned to the portfolio.

              DisplayName -> (string)
                 The name to use for display purposes.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the portfolio.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The UTC time stamp of the creation time.

              ProviderName -> (string)
                 The name of the portfolio provider.

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                                              LIST-ACCEPTED-PORTFOLIO-SHARES()
