LIST-CONSTRAINTS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()              LIST-CONSTRAINTS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()



NAME
       list-constraints-for-portfolio -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the constraints for the specified portfolio and product.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-constraints-for-portfolio  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: ConstraintDetails

SYNOPSIS
            list-constraints-for-portfolio
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--product-id <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier.

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConstraintDetails -> (list)
          Information about the constraints.

          (structure)
              Information about a constraint.

              ConstraintId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the constraint.

              Type -> (string)
                 The type of constraint.

                 o LAUNCH

                 o NOTIFICATION

                 o STACKSET

                 o TEMPLATE

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the constraint.

              Owner -> (string)
                 The owner of the constraint.

              ProductId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the product the constraint applies to. Note
                 that a constraint applies to a specific instance of a product
                 within a certain portfolio.

              PortfolioId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the portfolio the product resides  in.  The
                 constraint  applies  only to the instance of the product that
                 lives within this portfolio.

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                                              LIST-CONSTRAINTS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()
