LIST-PRINCIPALS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()                LIST-PRINCIPALS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()



NAME
       list-principals-for-portfolio -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all principal ARNs associated with the specified portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-principals-for-portfolio  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Principals

SYNOPSIS
            list-principals-for-portfolio
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list all principals for a portfolio

       The  following  list-principals-for-portfolio example lists all princi-
       pals for the specified portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog list-principals-for-portfolio \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6abcdq5wdh4

       Output:

          {
              "Principals": [
                  {
                      "PrincipalARN": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/usertest",
                      "PrincipalType": "IAM"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Principals -> (list)
          The IAM principals (users or roles) associated with the portfolio.

          (structure)
              Information about a principal.

              PrincipalARN -> (string)
                 The ARN of the principal (IAM user, role, or group).

              PrincipalType -> (string)
                 The principal type. The supported value is IAM .

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                                               LIST-PRINCIPALS-FOR-PORTFOLIO()
