LIST-LAUNCH-PATHS()                                        LIST-LAUNCH-PATHS()



NAME
       list-launch-paths -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  paths  to the specified product. A path is how the user has
       access to a specified product, and is  necessary  when  provisioning  a
       product. A path also determines the constraints put on the product.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-launch-paths  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: LaunchPathSummaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-launch-paths
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --product-id <value>
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --product-id (string)
          The product identifier.

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LaunchPathSummaries -> (list)
          Information about the launch path.

          (structure)
              Summary information about a product path for a user.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the product path.

              ConstraintSummaries -> (list)
                 The constraints on the portfolio-product relationship.

                 (structure)
                     Summary information about a constraint.

                     Type -> (string)
                        The type of constraint.

                        o LAUNCH

                        o NOTIFICATION

                        o STACKSET

                        o TEMPLATE

                     Description -> (string)
                        The description of the constraint.

              Tags -> (list)
                 The tags associated with this product path.

                 (structure)
                     Information about a tag. A tag is a key-value pair.  Tags
                     are propagated to the resources created when provisioning
                     a product.

                     Key -> (string)
                        The tag key.

                     Value -> (string)
                        The value for this key.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the portfolio that contains the product.

       NextPageToken -> (string)
          The page token to use to retrieve the next set of results. If  there
          are no additional results, this value is null.



                                                           LIST-LAUNCH-PATHS()
