LIST-RESOURCES-FOR-TAG-OPTION()                LIST-RESOURCES-FOR-TAG-OPTION()



NAME
       list-resources-for-tag-option -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the resources associated with the specified TagOption.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-resources-for-tag-option  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: ResourceDetails

SYNOPSIS
            list-resources-for-tag-option
          --tag-option-id <value>
          [--resource-type <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tag-option-id (string)
          The TagOption identifier.

       --resource-type (string)
          The resource type.

          o Portfolio

          o Product

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list resources associated to a TagOption

       The following list-resources-for-tag-option example lists the resources
       associated with the specified TagOption.

          aws servicecatalog list-resources-for-tag-option \
              --tag-option-id tag-p3tej2abcd5qc

       Output:

          {
              "ResourceDetails": [
                  {
                      "ARN": "arn:aws:catalog:us-west-2:123456789012:product/prod-abcdfz3syn2rg",
                      "Name": "my product",
                      "Description": "description",
                      "CreatedTime": 1562097906.0,
                      "Id": "prod-abcdfz3syn2rg"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       ResourceDetails -> (list)
          Information about the resources.

          (structure)
              Information about a resource.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the resource.

              ARN -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the resource.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the resource.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The creation time of the resource.

       PageToken -> (string)
          The page token for the next set of results. To  retrieve  the  first
          set of results, use null.



                                               LIST-RESOURCES-FOR-TAG-OPTION()
