REJECT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()                              REJECT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()



NAME
       reject-portfolio-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Rejects an offer to share the specified portfolio.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reject-portfolio-share
          [--accept-language <value>]
          --portfolio-id <value>
          [--portfolio-share-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accept-language (string)
          The language code.

          o en - English (default)

          o jp - Japanese

          o zh - Chinese

       --portfolio-id (string)
          The portfolio identifier.

       --portfolio-share-type (string)
          The  type  of  shared portfolios to reject. The default is to reject
          imported portfolios.

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS - Reject portfolios shared by the management ac-
            count of your organization.

          o IMPORTED - Reject imported portfolios.

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG - Not supported. (Throws ResourceNotFoundExcep-
            tion.)

          For example,  aws  servicecatalog  reject-portfolio-share  --portfo-
          lio-id "port-2qwzkwxt3y5fk" --portfolio-share-type AWS_ORGANIZATIONS

          Possible values:

          o IMPORTED

          o AWS_SERVICECATALOG

          o AWS_ORGANIZATIONS

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To reject a portfolio share

       The  following  reject-portfolio-share  example  rejects  the portfolio
       share for the given portfolio.

          aws servicecatalog reject-portfolio-share \
              --portfolio-id port-2s6wuabcdefghijk

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      REJECT-PORTFOLIO-SHARE()
