USER-EXISTS()                                                    USER-EXISTS()



NAME
       user-exists -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait until 200 response is received when polling with get-user. It will
       poll every 1 seconds until a successful state has  been  reached.  This
       will exit with a return code of 255 after 20 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            user-exists
          [--user-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-name (string)
          The name of the user to get information about.

          This  parameter  is  optional. If it is not included, it defaults to
          the user making the request.  This  parameter  allows  (through  its
          regex  pattern ) a string of characters consisting of upper and low-
          ercase alphanumeric characters with no spaces. You can also  include
          any of the following characters: _+=,.@-

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To pause running until the specified user exists

       The  following wait user-exists command pauses and continues only after
       it can confirm that the specified user exists. There is no output.

          aws iam wait user-exists --user-name marcia

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 USER-EXISTS()
