GET-EVENT-ACTION()                                          GET-EVENT-ACTION()



NAME
       get-event-action -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation retrieves information about an event action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-event-action
          --event-action-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-action-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the event action.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Action -> (structure)
          What occurs after a certain event.

          ExportRevisionToS3 -> (structure)
              Details for the export revision to Amazon S3 action.

              Encryption -> (structure)
                 Encryption configuration for the auto export job.

                 KmsKeyArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  AWS  KMS  key  you
                     want to use to encrypt the Amazon S3 objects. This param-
                     eter is required if you choose aws:kms as  an  encryption
                     type.

                 Type -> (string)
                     The  type  of  server side encryption used for encrypting
                     the objects in Amazon S3.

              RevisionDestination -> (structure)
                 A revision destination is the Amazon S3 bucket folder  desti-
                 nation to where the export will be sent.

                 Bucket -> (string)
                     The  S3  bucket that is the destination for the event ac-
                     tion.

                 KeyPattern -> (string)
                     A string representing the pattern for generated names  of
                     the  individual assets in the revision. For more informa-
                     tion about key patterns, see Key patterns when  exporting
                     revisions .

       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN for the event action.

       CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The  date  and  time  that the event action was created, in ISO 8601
          format.

       Event -> (structure)
          What occurs to start an action.

          RevisionPublished -> (structure)
              What occurs to start the revision publish action.

              DataSetId -> (string)
                 The data set ID of the published revision.

       Id -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the event action.

       UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the event action was  last  updated,  in  ISO
          8601 format.



                                                            GET-EVENT-ACTION()
