LIST-EVENT-ACTIONS()                                      LIST-EVENT-ACTIONS()



NAME
       list-event-actions -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation lists your event actions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-event-actions  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: EventActions

SYNOPSIS
            list-event-actions
          [--event-source-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-source-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the event source.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EventActions -> (list)
          The event action objects listed by the request.

          (structure)
              An event action is an object that defines the  relationship  be-
              tween  a  specific  event  and  an automated action that will be
              taken on behalf of the customer.

              Action -> (structure)
                 What occurs after a certain event.

                 ExportRevisionToS3 -> (structure)
                     Details for the export revision to Amazon S3 action.

                     Encryption -> (structure)
                        Encryption configuration for the auto export job.

                        KmsKeyArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS KMS  key
                            you  want to use to encrypt the Amazon S3 objects.
                            This parameter is required if you  choose  aws:kms
                            as an encryption type.

                        Type -> (string)
                            The  type  of  server side encryption used for en-
                            crypting the objects in Amazon S3.

                     RevisionDestination -> (structure)
                        A revision destination is the Amazon S3 bucket  folder
                        destination to where the export will be sent.

                        Bucket -> (string)
                            The  S3  bucket  that  is  the destination for the
                            event action.

                        KeyPattern -> (string)
                            A string representing the  pattern  for  generated
                            names  of  the  individual assets in the revision.
                            For more information about key patterns,  see  Key
                            patterns when exporting revisions .

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the event action.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and time that the event action was created, in ISO
                 8601 format.

              Event -> (structure)
                 What occurs to start an action.

                 RevisionPublished -> (structure)
                     What occurs to start the revision publish action.

                     DataSetId -> (string)
                        The data set ID of the published revision.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the event action.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the event action was last updated,  in
                 ISO 8601 format.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  value  retrieved from a previous call to access the next
          page of results.



                                                          LIST-EVENT-ACTIONS()
