LIST-DATA-SET-REVISIONS()                            LIST-DATA-SET-REVISIONS()



NAME
       list-data-set-revisions -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation lists a data set's revisions sorted by CreatedAt in de-
       scending order.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-data-set-revisions is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: Revisions

SYNOPSIS
            list-data-set-revisions
          --data-set-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --data-set-id (string)
          The unique identifier for a data set.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token value retrieved from a previous call to  access  the  next
          page of results.

       Revisions -> (list)
          The asset objects listed by the request.

          (structure)
              A revision is a container for one or more assets.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN for the revision.

              Comment -> (string)
                 An optional comment about the revision.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date and time that the revision was created, in ISO 8601
                 format.

              DataSetId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the data set associated  with  this
                 revision.

              Finalized -> (boolean)
                 To  publish  a revision to a data set in a product, the revi-
                 sion must first be finalized. Finalizing a revision tells AWS
                 Data Exchange that your changes to the assets in the revision
                 are complete. After it's in this  read-only  state,  you  can
                 publish the revision to your products.

                 Finalized revisions can be published through the AWS Data Ex-
                 change console or the AWS Marketplace Catalog API, using  the
                 StartChangeSet AWS Marketplace Catalog API action. When using
                 the API, revisions are uniquely identified by their ARN.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the revision.

              SourceId -> (string)
                 The revision ID of the owned revision  corresponding  to  the
                 entitled  revision  being  viewed. This parameter is returned
                 when a revision owner is viewing the  entitled  copy  of  its
                 owned revision.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The  date and time that the revision was last updated, in ISO
                 8601 format.



                                                     LIST-DATA-SET-REVISIONS()
