LIST-DATA-SETS()                                              LIST-DATA-SETS()



NAME
       list-data-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation lists your data sets. When listing by origin OWNED, re-
       sults are sorted by CreatedAt in descending order. When listing by ori-
       gin  ENTITLED,  there  is  no order and the maxResults parameter is ig-
       nored.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-data-sets is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: DataSets

SYNOPSIS
            list-data-sets
          [--origin <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --origin (string)
          A  property  that  defines the data set as OWNED by the account (for
          providers) or ENTITLED to the account (for subscribers).

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DataSets -> (list)
          The data set objects listed by the request.

          (structure)
              A data set is an AWS resource with one or more revisions.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN for the data set.

              AssetType -> (string)
                 The type of asset that is added to a data set.

              CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the data set was created, in ISO  8601
                 format.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description for the data set.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the data set.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the data set.

              Origin -> (string)
                 A  property that defines the data set as OWNED by the account
                 (for providers) or ENTITLED to the account (for subscribers).

              OriginDetails -> (structure)
                 If the origin of this data set is ENTITLED, includes the  de-
                 tails for the product on AWS Marketplace.

                 ProductId -> (string)
                     The product ID of the origin of the data set.

              SourceId -> (string)
                 The  data  set  ID of the owned data set corresponding to the
                 entitled data set being viewed. This  parameter  is  returned
                 when  a  data  set  owner is viewing the entitled copy of its
                 owned data set.

              UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the data set was last updated, in  ISO
                 8601 format.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  value  retrieved from a previous call to access the next
          page of results.



                                                              LIST-DATA-SETS()
