UPDATE-REVISION()                                            UPDATE-REVISION()



NAME
       update-revision -

DESCRIPTION
       This operation updates a revision.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-revision
          [--comment <value>]
          --data-set-id <value>
          [--finalized | --no-finalized]
          --revision-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --comment (string)
          An optional comment about the revision.

       --data-set-id (string)
          The unique identifier for a data set.

       --finalized | --no-finalized (boolean)
          Finalizing  a  revision tells AWS Data Exchange that your changes to
          the assets  in  the  revision  are  complete.  After  it's  in  this
          read-only state, you can publish the revision to your products.

       --revision-id (string)
          The unique identifier for a revision.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN for the revision.

       Comment -> (string)
          An optional comment about the revision.

       CreatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the revision was created, in ISO 8601 format.

       DataSetId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the data set associated  with  this  revi-
          sion.

       Finalized -> (boolean)
          To  publish a revision to a data set in a product, the revision must
          first be finalized. Finalizing a revision tells  AWS  Data  Exchange
          that  changes to the assets in the revision are complete. After it's
          in this read-only state, you can publish the revision to your  prod-
          ucts.

          Finalized  revisions  can be published through the AWS Data Exchange
          console or the AWS Marketplace Catalog API, using the StartChangeSet
          AWS  Marketplace  Catalog  API action. When using the API, revisions
          are uniquely identified by their ARN.

       Id -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the revision.

       SourceId -> (string)
          The revision ID of the owned revision corresponding to the  entitled
          revision  being  viewed.  This parameter is returned when a revision
          owner is viewing the entitled copy of its owned revision.

       UpdatedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the revision was last updated,  in  ISO  8601
          format.

       RevocationComment -> (string)
          A  required comment to inform subscribers of the reason their access
          to the revision was revoked.

       Revoked -> (boolean)
          A status indicating that subscribers' access to the revision was re-
          voked.

       RevokedAt -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the revision was revoked, in ISO 8601 format.



                                                             UPDATE-REVISION()
