DELETE-BACKUP()                                                DELETE-BACKUP()



NAME
       delete-backup -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  backup.  You  can delete both manual and automated backups.
       This operation is asynchronous.

       An InvalidStateException is thrown when a backup deletion is already in
       progress.  A  ResourceNotFoundException  is thrown when the backup does
       not exist. A ValidationException is thrown when parameters of  the  re-
       quest are not valid.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-backup
          --backup-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-id (string)
          The  ID  of the backup to delete. Run the DescribeBackups command to
          get a list of backup IDs. Backup  IDs  are  in  the  format  Server-
          Name-yyyyMMddHHmmssSSS .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete backups

       The following delete-backup  command  deletes  a  manual  or  automated
       backup  of  a  Chef  Automate server, identified by the backup ID. This
       command is useful when you are approaching the maximum number of  back-
       ups  that  you can save, or you want to minimize your Amazon S3 storage
       costs.:

          aws opsworks-cm delete-backup --backup-id "automate-06-2016-11-19T23:42:40.240Z"

       The output shows whether the backup deletion succeeded.

       More Information

       For more information, see Back Up and Restore an AWS OpsWorks for  Chef
       Automate Server in the AWS OpsWorks User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-BACKUP()
