DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-ATTRIBUTES()                    DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       describe-account-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes your OpsWorks-CM account attributes.

       This operation is synchronous.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account-attributes
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe account attributes

       The  following  describe-account-attributes command returns information
       about your account's usage  of  AWS  OpsWorks  for  Chef  Automate  re-
       sources.:

          aws opsworks-cm describe-account-attributes

       The output for each account attribute entry returned by the command re-
       sembles the following.  Output:

          {
           "Attributes": [
              {
                 "Maximum": 5,
                 "Name": "ServerLimit",
                 "Used": 2
              }
           ]
          }

       More Information

       For more information, see DescribeAccountAttributes in the AWS OpsWorks
       for Chef Automate API Reference.

OUTPUT
       Attributes -> (list)
          The attributes that are currently set for the account.

          (structure)
              Stores account attributes.

              Name -> (string)
                 The  attribute  name.  The  following are supported attribute
                 names.

                 o ServerLimit: The number of current  servers/maximum  number
                   of  servers  allowed. By default, you can have a maximum of
                   10 servers.

                 o ManualBackupLimit:  The  number  of  current  manual  back-
                   ups/maximum  number of backups allowed. By default, you can
                   have a maximum of 50 manual backups saved.

              Maximum -> (integer)
                 The maximum allowed value.

              Used -> (integer)
                 The current usage, such as the current number of servers that
                 are associated with the account.



                                                 DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-ATTRIBUTES()
