LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list of tags that are applied to the specified AWS OpsWorks
       for Chef Automate or AWS OpsWorks  for  Puppet  Enterprise  servers  or
       backups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of an AWS OpsWorks for  Chef  Auto-
          mate or AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise server for which you want
          to       show        applied        tags.        For        example,
          arn:aws:opsworks-cm:us-west-2:123456789012:server/test-owcm-server/EX-
          AMPLE-66b0-4196-8274-d1a2bEXAMPLE .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          Tags that have been applied to the resource.

          (structure)
              A  map that contains tag keys and tag values to attach to an AWS
              OpsWorks for Chef Automate or AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise
              server.  Leading and trailing white spaces are trimmed from both
              the key and value. A maximum of 50 user-applied tags is  allowed
              for tag-supported AWS OpsWorks-CM resources.

              Key -> (string)
                 A tag key, such as Stage or Name . A tag key cannot be empty.
                 The key can be a maximum of 127 characters, and  can  contain
                 only  Unicode letters, numbers, or separators, or the follow-
                 ing special characters: + - = . _ : /

              Value -> (string)
                 An optional tag value, such as Production or test-owcm-server
                 .  The  value can be a maximum of 255 characters, and contain
                 only Unicode letters, numbers, or separators, or the  follow-
                 ing special characters: + - = . _ : /

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  that  you  can use as the value of NextToken in subsequent
          calls to the API to show more results.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
