CREATE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()              CREATE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()



NAME
       create-pull-through-cache-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a pull through cache rule. A pull through cache rule provides a
       way to cache images from an external public registry in your Amazon ECR
       private registry.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-pull-through-cache-rule
          --ecr-repository-prefix <value>
          --upstream-registry-url <value>
          [--registry-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ecr-repository-prefix (string)
          The  repository  name  prefix  to  use  when caching images from the
          source registry.

       --upstream-registry-url (string)
          The registry URL of the upstream  public  registry  to  use  as  the
          source for the pull through cache rule.

       --registry-id (string)
          The  Amazon  Web Services account ID associated with the registry to
          create the pull through cache rule for. If you do not specify a reg-
          istry, the default registry is assumed.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ecrRepositoryPrefix -> (string)
          The  Amazon  ECR  repository prefix associated with the pull through
          cache rule.

       upstreamRegistryUrl -> (string)
          The upstream registry URL associated with  the  pull  through  cache
          rule.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The  date and time, in JavaScript date format, when the pull through
          cache rule was created.

       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.



                                              CREATE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()
