DELETE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()              DELETE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()



NAME
       delete-pull-through-cache-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a pull through cache rule.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-pull-through-cache-rule
          --ecr-repository-prefix <value>
          [--registry-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --ecr-repository-prefix (string)
          The  Amazon  ECR  repository prefix associated with the pull through
          cache rule to delete.

       --registry-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the registry that
          contains  the  pull through cache rule. If you do not specify a reg-
          istry, the default registry is assumed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ecrRepositoryPrefix -> (string)
          The Amazon ECR repository prefix associated with the request.

       upstreamRegistryUrl -> (string)
          The upstream registry URL associated with  the  pull  through  cache
          rule.

       createdAt -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp associated with the pull through cache rule.

       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.



                                              DELETE-PULL-THROUGH-CACHE-RULE()
