DESCRIBE-REGISTRY()                                        DESCRIBE-REGISTRY()



NAME
       describe-registry -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  settings  for a registry. The replication configuration
       for a repository can be created or updated with the  PutReplicationCon-
       figuration API action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-registry
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The ID of the registry.

       replicationConfiguration -> (structure)
          The replication configuration for the registry.

          rules -> (list)
              An  array  of  objects representing the replication destinations
              and repository filters for a replication configuration.

              (structure)
                 An array of objects representing the replication destinations
                 and repository filters for a replication configuration.

                 destinations -> (list)
                     An  array  of  objects representing the destination for a
                     replication rule.

                     (structure)
                        An array of objects representing the destination for a
                        replication rule.

                        region -> (string)
                            The Region to replicate to.

                        registryId -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  Web Services account ID of the Amazon
                            ECR private registry to replicate to. When config-
                            uring  cross-Region  replication  within  your own
                            registry, specify your own account ID.

                 repositoryFilters -> (list)
                     An array of objects representing the filters for a repli-
                     cation  rule. Specifying a repository filter for a repli-
                     cation rule  provides  a  method  for  controlling  which
                     repositories in a private registry are replicated.

                     (structure)
                        The filter settings used with image replication. Spec-
                        ifying a repository filter to a replication rule  pro-
                        vides a method for controlling which repositories in a
                        private registry are replicated. If no repository fil-
                        ter  is  specified,  all  images in the repository are
                        replicated.

                        filter -> (string)
                            The  repository  filter  details.  When  the  PRE-
                            FIX_MATCH  filter type is specified, this value is
                            required and should be the repository name  prefix
                            to configure replication for.

                        filterType -> (string)
                            The  repository  filter  type.  The only supported
                            value is PREFIX_MATCH , which is a repository name
                            prefix specified with the filter parameter.



                                                           DESCRIBE-REGISTRY()
