GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()                            GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()



NAME
       get-authorization-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  an  authorization  token.  An authorization token represents
       your IAM authentication credentials and can be used to access any  Ama-
       zon  ECR registry that your IAM principal has access to. The authoriza-
       tion token is valid for 12 hours.

       The authorizationToken returned is a base64 encoded string that can  be
       decoded  and  used  in a docker login command to authenticate to a reg-
       istry. The CLI offers an get-login-password command that simplifies the
       login process. For more information, see Registry authentication in the
       Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-authorization-token
          [--registry-ids <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-ids (list)
          A list of Amazon Web Services account IDs that are  associated  with
          the registries for which to get AuthorizationData objects. If you do
          not specify a registry, the default registry is assumed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get an authorization token for your default registry

       The  following  get-authorization-token  example command gets an autho-
       rization token for your default registry.

          aws ecr get-authorization-token

       Output:

          {
              "authorizationData": [
                  {
                      "authorizationToken": "QVdTOkN...",
                      "expiresAt": 1448875853.241,
                      "proxyEndpoint": "https://123456789012.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       authorizationData -> (list)
          A list of authorization token data objects that  correspond  to  the
          registryIds values in the request.

          (structure)
              An object representing authorization data for an Amazon ECR reg-
              istry.

              authorizationToken -> (string)
                 A base64-encoded string that contains authorization data  for
                 the  specified  Amazon  ECR  registry. When the string is de-
                 coded, it is presented in the format user:password  for  pri-
                 vate registry authentication using docker login .

              expiresAt -> (timestamp)
                 The Unix time in seconds and milliseconds when the authoriza-
                 tion token expires. Authorization tokens  are  valid  for  12
                 hours.

              proxyEndpoint -> (string)
                 The  registry  URL  to  use for this authorization token in a
                 docker login command. The Amazon ECR registry URL  format  is
                 https://aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com . For ex-
                 ample,   https://012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
                 ..



                                                     GET-AUTHORIZATION-TOKEN()
