GET-LOGIN-PASSWORD()                                      GET-LOGIN-PASSWORD()



NAME
       get-login-password -

DESCRIPTION
       To log in to an Amazon ECR registry

       This  command  retrieves and displays an authentication token using the
       GetAuthorizationToken API that you can use to authenticate to an Amazon
       ECR registry. You can pass the authorization token to the login command
       of the container client of your preference, such as the Docker CLI. Af-
       ter you have authenticated to an Amazon ECR registry with this command,
       you can use the client to push and pull images from  that  registry  as
       long as your IAM principal has access to do so until the token expires.
       The authorization token is valid for 12 hours.

       This command is supported using the latest version of AWS CLI version 2
       or in v1.17.10 or later of AWS CLI version 1. For information on updat-
       ing to the latest AWS CLI version, see Installing the AWS  CLI  in  the
       AWS Command Line Interface User Guide.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
          get-login-password

OPTIONS
       None

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To retrieve a password to authenticate to a registry

       The following get-login-password displays a password that you  can  use
       with  a  container  client of your choice to authenticate to any Amazon
       ECR registry that your IAM principal has access to.

          aws ecr get-login-password

       Output:

          <password>

       To use with the Docker CLI, pipe the output of  the  get-login-password
       command  to the docker login command. When retrieving the password, en-
       sure that you specify the same Region that your Amazon ECR registry ex-
       ists in.

          aws ecr get-login-password \
              --region <region> \
          | docker login \
              --username AWS \
              --password-stdin <aws_account_id>.dkr.ecr.<region>.amazonaws.com

       For  more  information,  see  Registry Authentication in the Amazon ECR
       User Guide.



                                                          GET-LOGIN-PASSWORD()
