GET-REGISTRY-SCANNING-CONFIGURATION()    GET-REGISTRY-SCANNING-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-registry-scanning-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the scanning configuration for a registry.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-registry-scanning-configuration
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The ID of the registry.

       scanningConfiguration -> (structure)
          The scanning configuration for the registry.

          scanType -> (string)
              The type of scanning configured for the registry.

          rules -> (list)
              The scanning rules associated with the registry.

              (structure)
                 The details of a scanning rule for a private registry.

                 scanFrequency -> (string)
                     The frequency that scans are performed at for  a  private
                     registry.  When  the ENHANCED scan type is specified, the
                     supported  scan  frequencies  are   CONTINUOUS_SCAN   and
                     SCAN_ON_PUSH . When the BASIC scan type is specified, the
                     SCAN_ON_PUSH and MANUAL scan frequencies are supported.

                 repositoryFilters -> (list)
                     The repository filters associated with the scanning  con-
                     figuration for a private registry.

                     (structure)
                        The  details of a scanning repository filter. For more
                        information on how to use filters, see  Using  filters
                        in the Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide .

                        filter -> (string)
                            The filter to use when scanning.

                        filterType -> (string)
                            The type associated with the filter.



                                         GET-REGISTRY-SCANNING-CONFIGURATION()
