PUT-IMAGE-TAG-MUTABILITY()                          PUT-IMAGE-TAG-MUTABILITY()



NAME
       put-image-tag-mutability -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the image tag mutability settings for the specified repository.
       For more information, see Image tag mutability in  the  Amazon  Elastic
       Container Registry User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-image-tag-mutability
          [--registry-id <value>]
          --repository-name <value>
          --image-tag-mutability <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --registry-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID associated with the registry that
          contains the repository in which to update the image tag  mutability
          settings.  If you do not specify a registry, the default registry is
          assumed.

       --repository-name (string)
          The name of the repository in which to update the image tag mutabil-
          ity settings.

       --image-tag-mutability (string)
          The  tag mutability setting for the repository. If MUTABLE is speci-
          fied, image tags can be overwritten. If IMMUTABLE is specified,  all
          image  tags  within the repository will be immutable which will pre-
          vent them from being overwritten.

          Possible values:

          o MUTABLE

          o IMMUTABLE

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the image tag mutability setting for a repository

       The following put-image-tag-mutability example configures the specified
       repository  for  tag  immutability. This prevents all image tags within
       the repository from being overwritten.

          aws ecr put-image-tag-mutability \
              --repository-name hello-repository \
              --image-tag-mutability IMMUTABLE

       Output:

          {
             "registryId": "012345678910",
             "repositoryName": "sample-repo",
             "imageTagMutability": "IMMUTABLE"
          }

       For more information, see Image Tag Mutability in the Amazon  ECR  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       registryId -> (string)
          The registry ID associated with the request.

       repositoryName -> (string)
          The repository name associated with the request.

       imageTagMutability -> (string)
          The image tag mutability setting for the repository.



                                                    PUT-IMAGE-TAG-MUTABILITY()
