TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds specified tags to a resource with the specified ARN. Existing tags
       on a resource are not changed if they are not specified in the  request
       parameters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the the resource to which to add
          tags. Currently, the only supported resource is an Amazon ECR repos-
          itory.

       --tags (list)
          The  tags  to  add  to  the resource. A tag is an array of key-value
          pairs. Tag keys can have a maximum character length of  128  charac-
          ters, and tag values can have a maximum length of 256 characters.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and organize them. Each tag consists of a key  and  an  optional
              value,  both  of  which  you define. Tag keys can have a maximum
              character length of 128 characters, and tag values  can  have  a
              maximum length of 256 characters.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part  of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  optional  part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To tag a repository

       The following tag-resource example sets a tag with key Stage and  value
       Integ on the hello-world repository.

          aws ecr tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ecr:us-west-2:012345678910:repository/hello-world \
              --tags Key=Stage,Value=Integ

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
