GET-APPLICATION-POLICY()                              GET-APPLICATION-POLICY()



NAME
       get-application-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the policy for the application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-application-policy
          --application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Statements -> (list)
          An array of policy statements applied to the application.

          (structure)
              Policy statement applied to the application.

              Actions -> (list)
                 For  the  list  of  actions supported for this operation, see
                 Application Permissions .

                 (string)

              PrincipalOrgIDs -> (list)
                 An array of PrinciplalOrgIDs, which corresponds  to  AWS  IAM
                 aws:PrincipalOrgID global condition key.

                 (string)

              Principals -> (list)
                 An  array  of  AWS  account IDs, or * to make the application
                 public.

                 (string)

              StatementId -> (string)
                 A unique ID for the statement.



                                                      GET-APPLICATION-POLICY()
