LIST-INPUT-DEVICE-TRANSFERS()                    LIST-INPUT-DEVICE-TRANSFERS()



NAME
       list-input-device-transfers -

DESCRIPTION
       List input devices that are currently being transferred. List input de-
       vices that you are transferring from your AWS account or input  devices
       that another AWS account is transferring to you.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-input-device-transfers  is  a  paginated  operation.  Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: InputDeviceTransfers

SYNOPSIS
            list-input-device-transfers
          --transfer-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transfer-type (string) Placeholder documentation for __string

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       InputDeviceTransfers -> (list)
          The list of devices that you are transferring or  are  being  trans-
          ferred to you.

          (structure)
              Details about the input device that is being transferred.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique ID of the input device.

              Message -> (string)
                 The  optional  message  that  the  sender has attached to the
                 transfer.

              TargetCustomerId -> (string)
                 The AWS account ID for the  recipient  of  the  input  device
                 transfer.

              TransferType -> (string)
                 The type (direction) of the input device transfer.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token to get additional list results.



                                                 LIST-INPUT-DEVICE-TRANSFERS()
