REBOOT-INPUT-DEVICE()                                    REBOOT-INPUT-DEVICE()



NAME
       reboot-input-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Send  a  reboot  command to the specified input device. The device will
       begin rebooting within a few seconds of sending the command.  When  the
       reboot  is  complete, the devices connection status will change to con-
       nected.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reboot-input-device
          [--force <value>]
          --input-device-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --force (string) Force a reboot of an input device. If  the  device  is
       streaming, it will stop streaming and begin rebooting within a few sec-
       onds of sending the command. If the device was streaming prior  to  the
       reboot, the device will resume streaming when the reboot completes.
          Possible values:

          o NO

          o YES

       --input-device-id (string) The unique ID of the input device to reboot.
       For example, hd-123456789abcdef.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         REBOOT-INPUT-DEVICE()
