START-INPUT-DEVICE-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()START-INPUT-DEVICE-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()



NAME
       start-input-device-maintenance-window -

DESCRIPTION
       Start  a  maintenance window for the specified input device. Starting a
       maintenance window will give the device up  to  two  hours  to  install
       software. If the device was streaming prior to the maintenance, it will
       resume streaming when the software is fully installed. Devices automat-
       ically  install  updates  while they are powered on and their MediaLive
       channels are stopped. A maintenance window allows you to update  a  de-
       vice without having to stop MediaLive channels that use the device. The
       device must remain powered on and connected to the internet for the du-
       ration of the maintenance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-input-device-maintenance-window
          --input-device-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --input-device-id (string) The unique ID of the input device to start a
       maintenance window for. For example, hd-123456789abcdef.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       START-INPUT-DEVICE-MAINTENANCE-WINDOW()
