DELETE-JOB-QUEUE()                                          DELETE-JOB-QUEUE()



NAME
       delete-job-queue -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified job queue. You must first disable submissions for
       a queue with the  UpdateJobQueue operation. All jobs in the  queue  are
       eventually  terminated when you delete a job queue. The jobs are termi-
       nated at a rate of about 16 jobs each second.

       It's not necessary to disassociate compute environments  from  a  queue
       before submitting a DeleteJobQueue request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-job-queue
          --job-queue <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-queue (string)
          The  short  name  or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the queue to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a job queue

       This example deletes the GPGPU job queue.

       Command:

          aws batch delete-job-queue --job-queue GPGPU

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-JOB-QUEUE()
