DELETE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()                      DELETE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       delete-compute-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Batch compute environment.

       Before  you can delete a compute environment, you must set its state to
       DISABLED with the  UpdateComputeEnvironment API operation and  disasso-
       ciate  it  from  any job queues with the  UpdateJobQueue API operation.
       Compute environments that use Fargate resources must terminate all  ac-
       tive jobs on that compute environment before deleting the compute envi-
       ronment. If this isn't done, the compute environment enters an  invalid
       state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-compute-environment
          --compute-environment <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --compute-environment (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the compute environment to
          delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a compute environment

       This example deletes the P2OnDemand compute environment.

       Command:

          aws batch delete-compute-environment --compute-environment P2OnDemand

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DELETE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()
