DESCRIBE-JOBS()                                                DESCRIBE-JOBS()



NAME
       describe-jobs -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes a list of Batch jobs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            describe-jobs
          --jobs <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --jobs (list)
          A list of up to 100 job IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe a job

       The  following describe-jobs example describes a job with the specified
       job ID.

          aws batch describe-jobs \
              --jobs bcf0b186-a532-4122-842e-2ccab8d54efb

       Output:

          {
              "jobs": [
                  {
                      "status": "SUBMITTED",
                      "container": {
                          "mountPoints": [],
                          "image": "busybox",
                          "environment": [],
                          "vcpus": 1,
                          "command": [
                              "sleep",
                              "60"
                          ],
                          "volumes": [],
                          "memory": 128,
                          "ulimits": []
                      },
                      "parameters": {},
                      "jobDefinition": "arn:aws:batch:us-east-1:012345678910:job-definition/sleep60:1",
                      "jobQueue": "arn:aws:batch:us-east-1:012345678910:job-queue/HighPriority",
                      "jobId": "bcf0b186-a532-4122-842e-2ccab8d54efb",
                      "dependsOn": [],
                      "jobName": "example",
                      "createdAt": 1480483387803
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       jobs -> (list)
          The list of jobs.

          (structure)
              An object that represents an Batch job.

              jobArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the job.

              jobName -> (string)
                 The job name.

              jobId -> (string)
                 The job ID.

              jobQueue -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the job queue that the  job
                 is associated with.

              status -> (string)
                 The current status for the job.

                 NOTE:
                     If  your jobs don't progress to STARTING , see Jobs stuck
                     in RUNNABLE status in the troubleshooting section of  the
                     Batch User Guide .

              shareIdentifier -> (string)
                 The share identifier for the job.

              schedulingPriority -> (integer)
                 The  scheduling  policy  of the job definition. This only af-
                 fects jobs in job queues with a fair share policy. Jobs  with
                 a higher scheduling priority are scheduled before jobs with a
                 lower scheduling priority.

              attempts -> (list)
                 A list of job attempts that are associated with this job.

                 (structure)
                     An object that represents a job attempt.

                     container -> (structure)
                        The details for the container in this job attempt.

                        containerInstanceArn -> (string)
                            The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  Amazon  ECS
                            container instance that hosts the job attempt.

                        taskArn -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon ECS
                            task that's associated with the job attempt.  Each
                            container  attempt  receives  a task ARN when they
                            reach the STARTING status.

                        exitCode -> (integer)
                            The exit code for the job attempt. A non-zero exit
                            code is considered failed.

                        reason -> (string)
                            A short (255 max characters) human-readable string
                            to provide additional details  for  a  running  or
                            stopped container.

                        logStreamName -> (string)
                            The  name of the CloudWatch Logs log stream that's
                            associated with the container. The log  group  for
                            Batch  jobs is /aws/batch/job . Each container at-
                            tempt receives a log stream name when  they  reach
                            the RUNNING status.

                        networkInterfaces -> (list)
                            The  network  interfaces  that are associated with
                            the job attempt.

                            (structure)
                               An object that represents the  elastic  network
                               interface for a multi-node parallel job node.

                               attachmentId -> (string)
                                   The  attachment  ID  for the network inter-
                                   face.

                               ipv6Address -> (string)
                                   The private IPv6 address  for  the  network
                                   interface.

                               privateIpv4Address -> (string)
                                   The  private  IPv4  address for the network
                                   interface.

                     startedAt -> (long)
                        The Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) for when the  at-
                        tempt  was started (when the attempt transitioned from
                        the STARTING state to the RUNNING state).

                     stoppedAt -> (long)
                        The Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) for when the  at-
                        tempt  was stopped (when the attempt transitioned from
                        the RUNNING state to a terminal state,  such  as  SUC-
                        CEEDED or FAILED ).

                     statusReason -> (string)
                        A  short,  human-readable string to provide additional
                        details for the current status of the job attempt.

              statusReason -> (string)
                 A short, human-readable string to provide  more  details  for
                 the current status of the job.

              createdAt -> (long)
                 The  Unix  timestamp  (in  milliseconds) for when the job was
                 created. For non-array jobs and parent array  jobs,  this  is
                 when  the  job  entered the SUBMITTED state. This is specifi-
                 cally at the time  SubmitJob  was  called.  For  array  child
                 jobs,  this  is  when the child job was spawned by its parent
                 and entered the PENDING state.

              retryStrategy -> (structure)
                 The retry strategy to use for this job if an attempt fails.

                 attempts -> (integer)
                     The number of times to move a job to the RUNNABLE status.
                     You  can  specify between 1 and 10 attempts. If the value
                     of attempts is greater than one, the job  is  retried  on
                     failure the same number of attempts as the value.

                 evaluateOnExit -> (list)
                     Array  of  up  to  5  objects that specify the conditions
                     where jobs are retried or failed. If  this  parameter  is
                     specified, then the attempts parameter must also be spec-
                     ified. If none of the listed conditions match,  then  the
                     job is retried.

                     (structure)
                        Specifies  an  array  of up to 5 conditions to be met,
                        and an action to take (RETRY or EXIT ) if  all  condi-
                        tions  are  met.  If none of the EvaluateOnExit condi-
                        tions in a RetryStrategy match, then the  job  is  re-
                        tried.

                        onStatusReason -> (string)
                            Contains  a glob pattern to match against the Sta-
                            tusReason returned for a job. The pattern can con-
                            tain up to 512 characters. It can contain letters,
                            numbers, periods (.), colons (:), and white spaces
                            (including  spaces or tabs). It can optionally end
                            with an asterisk (*) so that only the start of the
                            string needs to be an exact match.

                        onReason -> (string)
                            Contains  a glob pattern to match against the Rea-
                            son returned for a job. The pattern can contain up
                            to  512  characters.  It can contain letters, num-
                            bers, periods (.), colons  (:),  and  white  space
                            (including spaces and tabs). It can optionally end
                            with an asterisk (*) so that only the start of the
                            string needs to be an exact match.

                        onExitCode -> (string)
                            Contains a glob pattern to match against the deci-
                            mal representation of the ExitCode returned for  a
                            job. The pattern can be up to 512 characters long.
                            It can contain only numbers, and can end  with  an
                            asterisk  (*) so that only the start of the string
                            needs to be an exact match.

                            The string can contain up to 512 characters.

                        action -> (string)
                            Specifies the action to take if all of the  speci-
                            fied  conditions  (onStatusReason , onReason , and
                            onExitCode ) are met. The values aren't case  sen-
                            sitive.

              startedAt -> (long)
                 The  Unix  timestamp  (in  milliseconds) for when the job was
                 started. More specifically, it's when  the  job  transitioned
                 from  the STARTING state to the RUNNING state. This parameter
                 isn't provided for child jobs of  array  jobs  or  multi-node
                 parallel jobs.

              stoppedAt -> (long)
                 The  Unix  timestamp  (in  milliseconds) for when the job was
                 stopped. More specifically, it's when  the  job  transitioned
                 from the RUNNING state to a terminal state, such as SUCCEEDED
                 or FAILED .

              dependsOn -> (list)
                 A list of job IDs that this job depends on.

                 (structure)
                     An object that represents an Batch job dependency.

                     jobId -> (string)
                        The job ID of the Batch  job  that's  associated  with
                        this dependency.

                     type -> (string)
                        The type of the job dependency.

              jobDefinition -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the job definition that
                 this job uses.

              parameters -> (map)
                 Additional parameters that are passed to the job that replace
                 parameter  substitution  placeholders  or override any corre-
                 sponding parameter defaults from the job definition.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              container -> (structure)
                 An object that  represents  the  details  for  the  container
                 that's associated with the job.

                 image -> (string)
                     The image used to start the container.

                 vcpus -> (integer)
                     The  number of vCPUs reserved for the container. For jobs
                     that run on EC2 resources, you can specify the  vCPU  re-
                     quirement  for  the  job using resourceRequirements , but
                     you can't specify the vCPU requirements in both the vcpus
                     and  resourceRequirements  object. This parameter maps to
                     CpuShares in the Create a container section of the Docker
                     Remote  API  and  the --cpu-shares option to docker run .
                     Each vCPU is equivalent to 1,024  CPU  shares.  You  must
                     specify  at  least  one vCPU. This is required but can be
                     specified in several places. It  must  be  specified  for
                     each node at least once.

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  isn't  applicable to jobs that run on
                        Fargate resources. For jobs that run  on  Fargate  re-
                        sources, you must specify the vCPU requirement for the
                        job using resourceRequirements .

                 memory -> (integer)
                     For jobs running on EC2  resources  that  didn't  specify
                     memory requirements using resourceRequirements , the num-
                     ber of MiB of memory reserved  for  the  job.  For  other
                     jobs,  including  all  run  on Fargate resources, see re-
                     sourceRequirements .

                 command -> (list)
                     The command that's passed to the container.

                     (string)

                 jobRoleArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that's associated with the
                     job when run.

                 executionRoleArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the execution role that
                     Batch can assume. For more information, see Batch  execu-
                     tion IAM role in the Batch User Guide .

                 volumes -> (list)
                     A list of volumes that are associated with the job.

                     (structure)
                        A data volume that's used in a job's container proper-
                        ties.

                        host -> (structure)
                            The  contents  of  the  host  parameter  determine
                            whether your data volume persists on the host con-
                            tainer instance and where it's stored. If the host
                            parameter is empty, then the Docker daemon assigns
                            a host path for your  data  volume.  However,  the
                            data  isn't  guaranteed  to persist after the con-
                            tainers that are associated with it stop running.

                            NOTE:
                               This parameter isn't applicable  to  jobs  that
                               are  running on Fargate resources and shouldn't
                               be provided.

                            sourcePath -> (string)
                               The path on the host container instance  that's
                               presented  to  the container. If this parameter
                               is empty, then the Docker daemon has assigned a
                               host path for you. If this parameter contains a
                               file location, then the data volume persists at
                               the  specified  location  on the host container
                               instance until you delete it manually.  If  the
                               source  path location doesn't exist on the host
                               container instance, the Docker  daemon  creates
                               it. If the location does exist, the contents of
                               the source path folder are exported.

                               NOTE:
                                   This parameter  isn't  applicable  to  jobs
                                   that  run  on Fargate resources. Don't pro-
                                   vide this for these jobs.

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the volume. It can be up to 255  char-
                            acters  long.  It can contain uppercase and lower-
                            case letters, numbers,  hyphens  (-),  and  under-
                            scores   (_).  This  name  is  referenced  in  the
                            sourceVolume  parameter  of  container  definition
                            mountPoints .

                        efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                            This  parameter  is specified when you're using an
                            Amazon Elastic File System  file  system  for  job
                            storage.  Jobs  that  are  running  on Fargate re-
                            sources must specify a platformVersion of at least
                            1.4.0 .

                            fileSystemId -> (string)
                               The Amazon EFS file system ID to use.

                            rootDirectory -> (string)
                               The directory within the Amazon EFS file system
                               to mount as the root directory inside the host.
                               If  this  parameter is omitted, the root of the
                               Amazon EFS volume is used instead. Specifying /
                               has the same effect as omitting this parameter.
                               The maximum length is 4,096 characters.

                               WARNING:
                                   If an EFS access point is specified in  the
                                   authorizationConfig  ,  the  root directory
                                   parameter must either be omitted or set  to
                                   / , which enforces the path set on the Ama-
                                   zon EFS access point.

                            transitEncryption -> (string)
                               Determines whether  to  enable  encryption  for
                               Amazon  EFS  data in transit between the Amazon
                               ECS host and the Amazon EFS server. Transit en-
                               cryption  must be enabled if Amazon EFS IAM au-
                               thorization is used. If this parameter is omit-
                               ted, the default value of DISABLED is used. For
                               more information, see Encrypting data in  tran-
                               sit  in  the  Amazon  Elastic  File System User
                               Guide .

                            transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                               The port to use when sending encrypted data be-
                               tween  the  Amazon  ECS host and the Amazon EFS
                               server. If you don't specify a transit  encryp-
                               tion  port, it uses the port selection strategy
                               that the Amazon  EFS  mount  helper  uses.  The
                               value  must  be  between 0 and 65,535. For more
                               information, see EFS mount helper in the Amazon
                               Elastic File System User Guide .

                            authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                               The authorization configuration details for the
                               Amazon EFS file system.

                               accessPointId -> (string)
                                   The Amazon EFS access point ID to  use.  If
                                   an  access point is specified, the root di-
                                   rectory value specified in  the  EFSVolume-
                                   Configuration must either be omitted or set
                                   to / which enforces the path set on the EFS
                                   access  point.  If an access point is used,
                                   transit encryption must be enabled  in  the
                                   EFSVolumeConfiguration  . For more informa-
                                   tion, see Working with  Amazon  EFS  access
                                   points  in  the  Amazon Elastic File System
                                   User Guide .

                               iam -> (string)
                                   Whether or not to use  the  Batch  job  IAM
                                   role  defined  in  a  job  definition  when
                                   mounting the Amazon EFS file system. If en-
                                   abled,  transit  encryption must be enabled
                                   in the EFSVolumeConfiguration . If this pa-
                                   rameter  is  omitted,  the default value of
                                   DISABLED is used. For more information, see
                                   Using Amazon EFS access points in the Batch
                                   User Guide . EFS IAM authorization requires
                                   that  TransitEncryption be ENABLED and that
                                   a JobRoleArn is specified.

                 environment -> (list)
                     The environment variables to pass to a container.

                     NOTE:
                        Environment variables cannot start with "AWS_BATCH  ".
                        This  naming convention is reserved for variables that
                        Batch sets.

                     (structure)
                        A key-value pair object.

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the key-value  pair.  For  environment
                            variables,  this  is  the  name of the environment
                            variable.

                        value -> (string)
                            The value of the key-value pair.  For  environment
                            variables,  this  is  the value of the environment
                            variable.

                 mountPoints -> (list)
                     The mount points for data volumes in your container.

                     (structure)
                        Details for a Docker volume mount point that's used in
                        a  job's  container properties. This parameter maps to
                        Volumes in the  Create  a  container  section  of  the
                        Docker  Remote  API  and the --volume option to docker
                        run.

                        containerPath -> (string)
                            The path on the container where the host volume is
                            mounted.

                        readOnly -> (boolean)
                            If   this  value  is  true  ,  the  container  has
                            read-only access to  the  volume.  Otherwise,  the
                            container  can  write  to  the volume. The default
                            value is false .

                        sourceVolume -> (string)
                            The name of the volume to mount.

                 readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter  is  true,  the  container  is  given
                     read-only  access to its root file system. This parameter
                     maps to ReadonlyRootfs in the Create a container  section
                     of  the Docker Remote API and the --read-only option to `
                     docker                                                run
                     https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/
                     `
                     __ .

                     System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 1023)
                            Inline   interpreted   text  or  phrase  reference
                            start-string without end-string.

                 ulimits -> (list)
                     A list of ulimit values to set in the container. This pa-
                     rameter maps to Ulimits in the Create a container section
                     of the Docker Remote  API  and  the  --ulimit  option  to
                     docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                        ning on Fargate resources.

                     (structure)
                        The ulimit settings to pass to the container.

                        NOTE:
                            This object isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                            ning on Fargate resources.

                        hardLimit -> (integer)
                            The hard limit for the ulimit type.

                        name -> (string)
                            The type of the ulimit .

                        softLimit -> (integer)
                            The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                 privileged -> (boolean)
                     When  this parameter is true, the container is given ele-
                     vated permissions on the host container instance (similar
                     to the root user). The default value is false .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                        ning on Fargate resources and shouldn't  be  provided,
                        or specified as false .

                 user -> (string)
                     The user name to use inside the container. This parameter
                     maps to User in the Create a  container  section  of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the --user option to docker run .

                 exitCode -> (integer)
                     The exit code to return upon completion.

                 reason -> (string)
                     A  short  (255  max  characters) human-readable string to
                     provide additional details for a running or stopped  con-
                     tainer.

                 containerInstanceArn -> (string)
                     The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container instance
                     that the container is running on.

                 taskArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  Amazon  ECS  task
                     that's  associated with the container job. Each container
                     attempt receives a task ARN when they reach the  STARTING
                     status.

                 logStreamName -> (string)
                     The  name of the Amazon CloudWatch Logs log stream that's
                     associated with the container. The log  group  for  Batch
                     jobs  is /aws/batch/job . Each container attempt receives
                     a log stream name when they reach the RUNNING status.

                 instanceType -> (string)
                     The instance type of the underlying  host  infrastructure
                     of a multi-node parallel job.

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                        ning on Fargate resources.

                 networkInterfaces -> (list)
                     The network interfaces that are associated with the job.

                     (structure)
                        An object that represents the elastic  network  inter-
                        face for a multi-node parallel job node.

                        attachmentId -> (string)
                            The attachment ID for the network interface.

                        ipv6Address -> (string)
                            The  private  IPv6  address for the network inter-
                            face.

                        privateIpv4Address -> (string)
                            The private IPv4 address for  the  network  inter-
                            face.

                 resourceRequirements -> (list)
                     The  type  and  amount  of  resources to assign to a con-
                     tainer. The supported resources include GPU  ,  MEMORY  ,
                     and VCPU .

                     (structure)
                        The  type and amount of a resource to assign to a con-
                        tainer. The supported resources include GPU , MEMORY ,
                        and VCPU .

                        value -> (string)
                            The  quantity of the specified resource to reserve
                            for the container. The values vary  based  on  the
                            type specified.
                               type="GPU"

                            The  number  of  physical  GPUs to reserve for the
                            container. Make sure that the number of  GPUs  re-
                            served  for all containers in a job doesn't exceed
                            the number of available GPUs on  the  compute  re-
                            source that the job is launched on.

                            NOTE:
                               GPUs aren't available for jobs that are running
                               on Fargate resources.

                               type="MEMORY"

                            The memory hard limit (in MiB) present to the con-
                            tainer.  This parameter is supported for jobs that
                            are running on EC2 resources.  If  your  container
                            attempts  to exceed the memory specified, the con-
                            tainer is terminated. This parameter maps to  Mem-
                            ory  in  the  Create  a  container  section of the
                            Docker Remote  API  and  the  --memory  option  to
                            docker  run  .  You must specify at least 4 MiB of
                            memory for a job. This  is  required  but  can  be
                            specified  in several places for multi-node paral-
                            lel (MNP) jobs. It must be specified for each node
                            at  least  once.  This parameter maps to Memory in
                            the Create a container section of the  Docker  Re-
                            mote API and the --memory option to docker run .

                            NOTE:
                               If you're trying to maximize your resource uti-
                               lization by providing your jobs as much  memory
                               as possible for a particular instance type, see
                               Memory management in the Batch User Guide .

                            For jobs that are running  on  Fargate  resources,
                            then  value  is  the hard limit (in MiB), and must
                            match one of the supported  values  and  the  VCPU
                            values  must  be  one  of the values supported for
                            that memory value.
                                   value = 512

                               VCPU = 0.25
                                   value = 1024

                               VCPU = 0.25 or 0.5
                                   value = 2048

                               VCPU = 0.25, 0.5, or 1
                                   value = 3072

                               VCPU = 0.5, or 1
                                   value = 4096

                               VCPU = 0.5, 1, or 2
                                   value = 5120, 6144, or 7168

                               VCPU = 1 or 2
                                   value = 8192

                               VCPU = 1, 2, 4, or 8
                                   value = 9216, 10240, 11264,  12288,  13312,
                                   14336, or 15360

                               VCPU = 2 or 4
                                   value = 16384

                               VCPU = 2, 4, or 8
                                   value  = 17408, 18432, 19456, 21504, 22528,
                                   23552, 25600, 26624, 27648, 29696, or 30720

                               VCPU = 4
                                   value = 20480, 24576, or 28672

                               VCPU = 4 or 8
                                   value = 36864, 45056, 53248, or 61440

                               VCPU = 8
                                   value = 32768, 40960, 49152, or 57344

                               VCPU = 8 or 16
                                   value = 65536, 73728, 81920, 90112,  98304,
                                   106496, 114688, or 122880

                               VCPU = 16
                                   type="VCPU"

                            The  number  of  vCPUs reserved for the container.
                            This parameter maps to CpuShares in the  Create  a
                            container section of the Docker Remote API and the
                            --cpu-shares option to docker run . Each  vCPU  is
                            equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares. For EC2 resources,
                            you must specify at least one vCPU.  This  is  re-
                            quired  but can be specified in several places; it
                            must be specified for each node at least once.

                            The default for the  Fargate  On-Demand  vCPU  re-
                            source  count  quota is 6 vCPUs. For more informa-
                            tion about Fargate quotas, see Fargate  quotas  in
                            the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

                            For  jobs  that  are running on Fargate resources,
                            then value must match one of the supported  values
                            and  the  MEMORY  values must be one of the values
                            supported for that VCPU value. The supported  val-
                            ues are 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16
                                   value = 0.25

                               MEMORY = 512, 1024, or 2048
                                   value = 0.5

                               MEMORY = 1024, 2048, 3072, or 4096
                                   value = 1

                               MEMORY = 2048, 3072, 4096, 5120, 6144, 7168, or
                               8192
                                   value = 2

                               MEMORY = 4096, 5120, 6144,  7168,  8192,  9216,
                               10240,  11264,  12288,  13312, 14336, 15360, or
                               16384
                                   value = 4

                               MEMORY  =  8192,  9216,  10240,  11264,  12288,
                               13312,   14336,  15360,  16384,  17408,  18432,
                               19456,  20480,  21504,  22528,  23552,   24576,
                               25600, 26624, 27648, 28672, 29696, or 30720
                                   value = 8

                               MEMORY  =  16384,  20480,  24576, 28672, 32768,
                               36864, 40960, 45056, 49152,  53248,  57344,  or
                               61440
                                   value = 16

                               MEMORY  =  32768,  40960,  49152, 57344, 65536,
                               73728, 81920, 90112, 98304, 106496, 114688,  or
                               122880

                        type -> (string)
                            The type of resource to assign to a container. The
                            supported resources include GPU  ,  MEMORY  ,  and
                            VCPU .

                 linuxParameters -> (structure)
                     Linux-specific modifications that are applied to the con-
                     tainer, such as details for device mappings.

                     devices -> (list)
                        Any of the host devices to expose  to  the  container.
                        This  parameter  maps  to Devices in the Create a con-
                        tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the  --de-
                        vice option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This  parameter  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                        (structure)
                            An  object  that  represents  a container instance
                            host device.

                            NOTE:
                               This object isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                               running  on  Fargate resources and shouldn't be
                               provided.

                            hostPath -> (string)
                               The path for the device on the  host  container
                               instance.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The  path  inside  the container that's used to
                               expose the host device. By default,  the  host-
                               Path value is used.

                            permissions -> (list)
                               The explicit permissions to provide to the con-
                               tainer for the device.  By  default,  the  con-
                               tainer  has  permissions for read , write , and
                               mknod for the device.

                               (string)

                     initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                        If true, run an init process inside the container that
                        forwards  signals  and reaps processes. This parameter
                        maps to the --init option to docker run . This parame-
                        ter  requires version 1.25 of the Docker Remote API or
                        greater on  your  container  instance.  To  check  the
                        Docker  Remote API version on your container instance,
                        log in to your container instance and run the  follow-
                        ing  command:  sudo  docker version | grep "Server API
                        version"

                     sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                        The value for the size (in MiB) of the  /dev/shm  vol-
                        ume.  This  parameter maps to the --shm-size option to
                        docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                     tmpfs -> (list)
                        The container path, mount options, and size  (in  MiB)
                        of the tmpfs mount. This parameter maps to the --tmpfs
                        option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running  on  Fargate resources. Don't provide this
                            parameter for this resource type.

                        (structure)
                            The container path, mount options, and size of the
                            tmpfs mount.

                            NOTE:
                               This  object  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                               running on Fargate resources.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The absolute file path in the  container  where
                               the tmpfs volume is mounted.

                            size -> (integer)
                               The size (in MiB) of the tmpfs volume.

                            mountOptions -> (list)
                               The list of tmpfs volume mount options.

                               Valid  values:  "defaults  "  | "ro " | "rw " |
                               "suid " | "nosuid " | "dev " | "nodev " | "exec
                               " | "noexec " | "sync " | "async " | "dirsync "
                               | "remount " | "mand " | "nomand " | "atime " |
                               "noatime  "  |  "diratime  "  | "nodiratime " |
                               "bind " | "rbind" |  "unbindable"  |  "runbind-
                               able"  |  "private"  |  "rprivate" | "shared" |
                               "rshared" | "slave" | "rslave" | "relatime "  |
                               "norelatime " | "strictatime " | "nostrictatime
                               " | "mode " | "uid " | "gid " | "nr_inodes "  |
                               "nr_blocks " | "mpol "

                               (string)

                     maxSwap -> (integer)
                        The  total  amount of swap memory (in MiB) a container
                        can use. This parameter is translated  to  the  --mem-
                        ory-swap  option  to docker run where the value is the
                        sum of the container memory plus  the  maxSwap  value.
                        For  more  information, see ` --memory-swap details <-
                        https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/re-
                        source_constraints/#--memory-swap-details>`__  in  the
                        Docker documentation.

                        If a maxSwap value of 0 is  specified,  the  container
                        doesn't  use  swap. Accepted values are 0 or any posi-
                        tive integer. If the maxSwap parameter is omitted, the
                        container  doesn't  use the swap configuration for the
                        container instance that it's  running  on.  A  maxSwap
                        value  must  be set for the swappiness parameter to be
                        used.

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                     swappiness -> (integer)
                        You can use this parameter to tune a container's  mem-
                        ory  swappiness  behavior.  A  swappiness  value  of 0
                        causes swapping to not occur unless absolutely  neces-
                        sary.  A  swappiness  value  of 100 causes pages to be
                        swapped aggressively. Valid values are  whole  numbers
                        between  0 and 100 . If the swappiness parameter isn't
                        specified, a default value of 60 is used. If  a  value
                        isn't  specified  for maxSwap , then this parameter is
                        ignored. If maxSwap is set to 0, the container doesn't
                        use  swap. This parameter maps to the --memory-swappi-
                        ness option to docker run .

                        Consider the following when you  use  a  per-container
                        swap configuration.

                        o Swap space must be enabled and allocated on the con-
                          tainer instance for the containers to use.

                        NOTE:
                            By default, the Amazon ECS  optimized  AMIs  don't
                            have swap enabled. You must enable swap on the in-
                            stance to use this feature. For more  information,
                            see  Instance store swap volumes in the Amazon EC2
                            User Guide for Linux Instances or How do  I  allo-
                            cate memory to work as swap space in an Amazon EC2
                            instance by using a swap file?

                        o The swap space parameters are only supported for job
                          definitions using EC2 resources.

                        o If the maxSwap and swappiness parameters are omitted
                          from a job definition, each container has a  default
                          swappiness value of 60. Moreover, the total swap us-
                          age is limited to two times the  memory  reservation
                          of the container.

                        NOTE:
                            This  parameter  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                 logConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The log configuration specification for the container.

                     This  parameter  maps  to  LogConfig in the Create a con-
                     tainer  section  of  the  Docker  Remote  API   and   the
                     --log-driver  option to docker run . By default, contain-
                     ers use the same logging driver that  the  Docker  daemon
                     uses.  However,  the container might use a different log-
                     ging driver than the Docker daemon by  specifying  a  log
                     driver  with  this parameter in the container definition.
                     To use a different logging driver for  a  container,  the
                     log  system  must be configured properly on the container
                     instance. Or, alternatively, it must be configured  on  a
                     different log server for remote logging options. For more
                     information on the options for  different  supported  log
                     drivers, see Configure logging drivers in the Docker doc-
                     umentation.

                     NOTE:
                        Batch currently supports a subset of the logging driv-
                        ers available to the Docker daemon (shown in the  Log-
                        Configuration data type). Additional log drivers might
                        be available in future releases of the Amazon ECS con-
                        tainer agent.

                     This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote
                     API  or  greater on your container instance. To check the
                     Docker Remote API version on your container instance, log
                     in  to your container instance and run the following com-
                     mand: sudo docker version | grep "Server API version"

                     NOTE:
                        The Amazon ECS container agent running on a  container
                        instance  must  register the logging drivers available
                        on that instance with the  ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIV-
                        ERS  environment  variable before containers placed on
                        that instance can use these log configuration options.
                        For  more  information, see Amazon ECS container agent
                        configuration in the Amazon Elastic Container  Service
                        Developer Guide .

                     logDriver -> (string)
                        The  log  driver  to  use for the container. The valid
                        values that are listed  for  this  parameter  are  log
                        drivers that the Amazon ECS container agent can commu-
                        nicate with by default.

                        The supported log drivers are awslogs , fluentd , gelf
                        ,  json-file  ,  journald  , logentries , syslog , and
                        splunk .

                        NOTE:
                            Jobs that are running on Fargate resources are re-
                            stricted to the awslogs and splunk log drivers.

                            awslogs

                        Specifies  the  Amazon CloudWatch Logs logging driver.
                        For more information, see Using the awslogs log driver
                        in  the  Batch  User  Guide and Amazon CloudWatch Logs
                        logging driver in the Docker documentation.
                            fluentd

                        Specifies the Fluentd logging driver. For more  infor-
                        mation  including  usage and options, see Fluentd log-
                        ging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            gelf

                        Specifies the Graylog Extended Format  (GELF)  logging
                        driver.  For  more information including usage and op-
                        tions, see Graylog Extended Format logging  driver  in
                        the Docker documentation .
                            journald

                        Specifies the journald logging driver. For more infor-
                        mation including usage and options, see Journald  log-
                        ging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            json-file

                        Specifies  the  JSON file logging driver. For more in-
                        formation including usage and options, see  JSON  File
                        logging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            splunk

                        Specifies the Splunk logging driver. For more informa-
                        tion including usage and options, see  Splunk  logging
                        driver in the Docker documentation .
                            syslog

                        Specifies the syslog logging driver. For more informa-
                        tion including usage and options, see  Syslog  logging
                        driver in the Docker documentation .

                        NOTE:
                            If you have a custom driver that's not listed ear-
                            lier that you want to work  with  the  Amazon  ECS
                            container  agent, you can fork the Amazon ECS con-
                            tainer agent project that's  available  on  GitHub
                            and  customize it to work with that driver. We en-
                            courage you to submit pull  requests  for  changes
                            that  you  want  to have included. However, Amazon
                            Web Services  doesn't  currently  support  running
                            modified copies of this software.

                        This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Re-
                        mote API or greater on  your  container  instance.  To
                        check  the Docker Remote API version on your container
                        instance, log in to your container  instance  and  run
                        the  following  command:  sudo  docker  version | grep
                        "Server API version"

                     options -> (map)
                        The configuration options to send to the  log  driver.
                        This parameter requires version 1.19 of the Docker Re-
                        mote API or greater on  your  container  instance.  To
                        check  the Docker Remote API version on your container
                        instance, log in to your container  instance  and  run
                        the  following  command:  sudo  docker  version | grep
                        "Server API version"

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

                     secretOptions -> (list)
                        The secrets to pass to the log configuration. For more
                        information,  see  Specifying  sensitive  data  in the
                        Batch User Guide .

                        (structure)
                            An object that represents the secret to expose  to
                            your  container.  Secrets can be exposed to a con-
                            tainer in the following ways:

                            o To inject sensitive data into your containers as
                              environment variables, use the secrets container
                              definition parameter.

                            o To reference sensitive information  in  the  log
                              configuration  of a container, use the secretOp-
                              tions container definition parameter.

                            For more  information,  see  Specifying  sensitive
                            data in the Batch User Guide .

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the secret.

                            valueFrom -> (string)
                               The secret to expose to the container. The sup-
                               ported values are either the  full  Amazon  Re-
                               source Name (ARN) of the Secrets Manager secret
                               or the full ARN of the parameter in the  Amazon
                               Web Services Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                               NOTE:
                                   If  the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager
                                   Parameter Store  parameter  exists  in  the
                                   same  Region  as  the job you're launching,
                                   then you can use either the full Amazon Re-
                                   source Name (ARN) or name of the parameter.
                                   If the parameter exists in a different  Re-
                                   gion, then the full ARN must be specified.

                 secrets -> (list)
                     The  secrets  to pass to the container. For more informa-
                     tion, see Specifying sensitive data  in  the  Batch  User
                     Guide .

                     (structure)
                        An object that represents the secret to expose to your
                        container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  container  in
                        the following ways:

                        o To inject sensitive data into your containers as en-
                          vironment variables, use the secrets container defi-
                          nition parameter.

                        o To  reference  sensitive information in the log con-
                          figuration of a  container,  use  the  secretOptions
                          container definition parameter.

                        For more information, see Specifying sensitive data in
                        the Batch User Guide .

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the secret.

                        valueFrom -> (string)
                            The secret to expose to the  container.  The  sup-
                            ported  values are either the full Amazon Resource
                            Name (ARN) of the Secrets Manager  secret  or  the
                            full  ARN  of the parameter in the Amazon Web Ser-
                            vices Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                            NOTE:
                               If the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager  Pa-
                               rameter  Store parameter exists in the same Re-
                               gion as the job you're launching, then you  can
                               use  either the full Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
                               or name of the parameter. If the parameter  ex-
                               ists  in  a different Region, then the full ARN
                               must be specified.

                 networkConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The network configuration for jobs that  are  running  on
                     Fargate resources. Jobs that are running on EC2 resources
                     must not specify this parameter.

                     assignPublicIp -> (string)
                        Indicates whether the job has a public IP address. For
                        a job that's running on Fargate resources in a private
                        subnet to send outbound traffic to the  internet  (for
                        example, to pull container images), the private subnet
                        requires a NAT gateway be attached to  route  requests
                        to  the internet. For more information, see Amazon ECS
                        task networking in the Amazon Elastic  Container  Ser-
                        vice  Developer Guide . The default value is "DISABLED
                        ".

                 fargatePlatformConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The platform configuration for jobs that are  running  on
                     Fargate resources. Jobs that are running on EC2 resources
                     must not specify this parameter.

                     platformVersion -> (string)
                        The Fargate platform version where the jobs  are  run-
                        ning.  A  platform  version is specified only for jobs
                        that are running on Fargate resources.  If  one  isn't
                        specified,  the LATEST platform version is used by de-
                        fault. This uses a recent,  approved  version  of  the
                        Fargate  platform  for compute resources. For more in-
                        formation, see Fargate platform versions in the Amazon
                        Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

              nodeDetails -> (structure)
                 An  object that represents the details of a node that's asso-
                 ciated with a multi-node parallel job.

                 nodeIndex -> (integer)
                     The node index for the node. Node index numbering  starts
                     at  zero.  This  index is also available on the node with
                     the AWS_BATCH_JOB_NODE_INDEX environment variable.

                 isMainNode -> (boolean)
                     Specifies whether the current node is the main node for a
                     multi-node parallel job.

              nodeProperties -> (structure)
                 An object that represents the node properties of a multi-node
                 parallel job.

                 NOTE:
                     This isn't applicable to jobs that are running on Fargate
                     resources.

                 numNodes -> (integer)
                     The number of nodes that are associated with a multi-node
                     parallel job.

                 mainNode -> (integer)
                     Specifies  the  node  index  for  the  main  node  of   a
                     multi-node  parallel  job.  This node index value must be
                     fewer than the number of nodes.

                 nodeRangeProperties -> (list)
                     A list of node ranges and their properties that are asso-
                     ciated with a multi-node parallel job.

                     (structure)
                        An  object  that represents the properties of the node
                        range for a multi-node parallel job.

                        targetNodes -> (string)
                            The range of nodes, using  node  index  values.  A
                            range  of 0:3 indicates nodes with index values of
                            0 through 3 . If the starting range value is omit-
                            ted  (:n  ), then 0 is used to start the range. If
                            the ending range value is omitted (n: ), then  the
                            highest  possible  node  index  is used to end the
                            range. Your accumulative node ranges must  account
                            for  all  nodes  (0:n  ). You can nest node ranges
                            (for example, 0:10 and 4:5 ). In  this  case,  the
                            4:5 range properties override the 0:10 properties.

                        container -> (structure)
                            The container details for the node range.

                            image -> (string)
                               The  image  used  to  start  a  container. This
                               string is passed directly to the Docker daemon.
                               Images in the Docker Hub registry are available
                               by default. Other  repositories  are  specified
                               with  `` repository-url /image :tag `` . It can
                               be 255 characters long. It can  contain  upper-
                               case  and  lowercase  letters, numbers, hyphens
                               (-), underscores (_), colons (:), periods  (.),
                               forward slashes (/), and number signs (#). This
                               parameter maps to Image in the  Create  a  con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               IMAGE parameter of docker run .

                               NOTE:
                                   Docker image architecture  must  match  the
                                   processor  architecture  of the compute re-
                                   sources that they're scheduled on. For  ex-
                                   ample, ARM-based Docker images can only run
                                   on ARM-based compute resources.

                               o Images in Amazon ECR Public repositories  use
                                 the  full  registry/repository[:tag]  or reg-
                                 istry/repository[@digest] naming conventions.
                                 For example,
                                 ``
                                 public.ecr.aws/registry_alias     /my-web-app
                                 :latest `` .

                               System  Message:  WARNING/2  (<string>:,   line
                               2090)
                                 Inline     literal    start-string    without
                                 end-string.

                               o Images in Amazon  ECR  repositories  use  the
                                 full  registry  and repository URI (for exam-
                                 ple,  123456789012.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.ama-
                                 zonaws.com/<repository-name> ).

                               o Images in official repositories on Docker Hub
                                 use a single name  (for  example,  ubuntu  or
                                 mongo ).

                               o Images  in  other  repositories on Docker Hub
                                 are qualified with an organization name  (for
                                 example, amazon/amazon-ecs-agent ).

                               o Images in other online repositories are qual-
                                 ified further by a domain name (for  example,
                                 quay.io/assemblyline/ubuntu ).

                            vcpus -> (integer)
                               This   parameter   is   deprecated,   use   re-
                               sourceRequirements to specify the vCPU require-
                               ments  for  the  job  definition. It's not sup-
                               ported for jobs running on  Fargate  resources.
                               For jobs running on EC2 resources, it specifies
                               the number of vCPUs reserved for the job.

                               Each vCPU is equivalent to  1,024  CPU  shares.
                               This  parameter maps to CpuShares in the Create
                               a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API
                               and the --cpu-shares option to docker run . The
                               number of vCPUs must be specified  but  can  be
                               specified  in  several places. You must specify
                               it at least once for each node.

                            memory -> (integer)
                               This   parameter   is   deprecated,   use   re-
                               sourceRequirements  to  specify  the memory re-
                               quirements for the  job  definition.  It's  not
                               supported  for  jobs  running  on  Fargate  re-
                               sources. For jobs that run on EC2 resources, it
                               specifies  the memory hard limit (in MiB) for a
                               container. If your container attempts to exceed
                               the specified number, it's terminated. You must
                               specify at least 4 MiB of memory for a job  us-
                               ing  this  parameter. The memory hard limit can
                               be specified in  several  places.  It  must  be
                               specified for each node at least once.

                            command -> (list)
                               The  command  that's  passed  to the container.
                               This parameter maps to Cmd in the Create a con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               COMMAND parameter to docker run . For more  in-
                               formation,                                  see
                               https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd
                               .

                               (string)

                            jobRoleArn -> (string)
                               The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role
                               that the container can assume  for  Amazon  Web
                               Services permissions. For more information, see
                               IAM roles for tasks in the Amazon Elastic  Con-
                               tainer Service Developer Guide .

                            executionRoleArn -> (string)
                               The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the execution
                               role that Batch can assume. For jobs  that  run
                               on  Fargate resources, you must provide an exe-
                               cution role. For more  information,  see  Batch
                               execution IAM role in the Batch User Guide .

                            volumes -> (list)
                               A list of data volumes used in a job.

                               (structure)
                                   A  data  volume that's used in a job's con-
                                   tainer properties.

                                   host -> (structure)
                                      The contents of the host  parameter  de-
                                      termine  whether  your  data volume per-
                                      sists on the host container instance and
                                      where it's stored. If the host parameter
                                      is empty, then the Docker daemon assigns
                                      a  host  path for your data volume. How-
                                      ever, the data isn't guaranteed to  per-
                                      sist after the containers that are asso-
                                      ciated with it stop running.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This parameter isn't  applicable  to
                                          jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                          sources and shouldn't be provided.

                                      sourcePath -> (string)
                                          The path on the host  container  in-
                                          stance  that's presented to the con-
                                          tainer. If this parameter is  empty,
                                          then  the Docker daemon has assigned
                                          a host path for you. If this parame-
                                          ter  contains  a file location, then
                                          the  data  volume  persists  at  the
                                          specified  location on the host con-
                                          tainer instance until you delete  it
                                          manually.  If  the source path loca-
                                          tion doesn't exist on the host  con-
                                          tainer  instance,  the Docker daemon
                                          creates it. If the location does ex-
                                          ist, the contents of the source path
                                          folder are exported.

                                          NOTE:
                                             This parameter  isn't  applicable
                                             to  jobs  that run on Fargate re-
                                             sources. Don't provide  this  for
                                             these jobs.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The  name of the volume. It can be up to
                                      255 characters long. It can contain  up-
                                      percase  and lowercase letters, numbers,
                                      hyphens (-), and underscores  (_).  This
                                      name  is  referenced in the sourceVolume
                                      parameter of container definition mount-
                                      Points .

                                   efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                                      This  parameter is specified when you're
                                      using an Amazon Elastic File System file
                                      system  for  job  storage. Jobs that are
                                      running on Fargate resources must  spec-
                                      ify  a platformVersion of at least 1.4.0
                                      .

                                      fileSystemId -> (string)
                                          The Amazon EFS  file  system  ID  to
                                          use.

                                      rootDirectory -> (string)
                                          The  directory within the Amazon EFS
                                          file system to mount as the root di-
                                          rectory inside the host. If this pa-
                                          rameter is omitted, the root of  the
                                          Amazon  EFS  volume is used instead.
                                          Specifying / has the same effect  as
                                          omitting this parameter. The maximum
                                          length is 4,096 characters.

                                          WARNING:
                                             If an EFS access point is  speci-
                                             fied in the authorizationConfig ,
                                             the root directory parameter must
                                             either  be  omitted or set to / ,
                                             which enforces the  path  set  on
                                             the Amazon EFS access point.

                                      transitEncryption -> (string)
                                          Determines whether to enable encryp-
                                          tion for Amazon EFS data in  transit
                                          between  the Amazon ECS host and the
                                          Amazon EFS server.  Transit  encryp-
                                          tion  must  be enabled if Amazon EFS
                                          IAM authorization is used.  If  this
                                          parameter  is  omitted,  the default
                                          value of DISABLED is used. For  more
                                          information,  see Encrypting data in
                                          transit in the Amazon  Elastic  File
                                          System User Guide .

                                      transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                                          The  port  to  use  when sending en-
                                          crypted data between the Amazon  ECS
                                          host  and  the Amazon EFS server. If
                                          you don't specify a transit  encryp-
                                          tion  port,  it uses the port selec-
                                          tion strategy that  the  Amazon  EFS
                                          mount helper uses. The value must be
                                          between 0 and 65,535. For  more  in-
                                          formation,  see  EFS mount helper in
                                          the Amazon Elastic File System  User
                                          Guide .

                                      authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                                          The  authorization configuration de-
                                          tails for the Amazon EFS  file  sys-
                                          tem.

                                          accessPointId -> (string)
                                             The Amazon EFS access point ID to
                                             use. If an access point is speci-
                                             fied,  the  root  directory value
                                             specified in the EFSVolumeConfig-
                                             uration must either be omitted or
                                             set to / which enforces the  path
                                             set  on  the EFS access point. If
                                             an access point is used,  transit
                                             encryption must be enabled in the
                                             EFSVolumeConfiguration . For more
                                             information,   see  Working  with
                                             Amazon EFS access points  in  the
                                             Amazon  Elastic  File System User
                                             Guide .

                                          iam -> (string)
                                             Whether or not to use  the  Batch
                                             job  IAM  role  defined  in a job
                                             definition when mounting the Ama-
                                             zon  EFS file system. If enabled,
                                             transit encryption  must  be  en-
                                             abled  in the EFSVolumeConfigura-
                                             tion . If this parameter is omit-
                                             ted,  the  default  value of DIS-
                                             ABLED is used. For more  informa-
                                             tion, see Using Amazon EFS access
                                             points in the Batch User Guide  .
                                             EFS  IAM  authorization  requires
                                             that TransitEncryption be ENABLED
                                             and  that  a JobRoleArn is speci-
                                             fied.

                            environment -> (list)
                               The environment variables to  pass  to  a  con-
                               tainer.  This  parameter  maps  to  Env  in the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --env option to docker run .

                               WARNING:
                                   We don't recommend using plaintext environ-
                                   ment variables for  sensitive  information,
                                   such as credential data.

                               NOTE:
                                   Environment  variables  cannot  start  with
                                   "AWS_BATCH ". This naming convention is re-
                                   served for variables that Batch sets.

                               (structure)
                                   A key-value pair object.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The  name of the key-value pair. For en-
                                      vironment variables, this is the name of
                                      the environment variable.

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The value of the key-value pair. For en-
                                      vironment variables, this is  the  value
                                      of the environment variable.

                            mountPoints -> (list)
                               The  mount points for data volumes in your con-
                               tainer. This parameter maps to Volumes  in  the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --volume option to docker run .

                               (structure)
                                   Details for a  Docker  volume  mount  point
                                   that's  used  in  a job's container proper-
                                   ties. This parameter maps to Volumes in the
                                   Create  a  container  section of the Docker
                                   Remote  API  and  the  --volume  option  to
                                   docker run.

                                   containerPath -> (string)
                                      The path on the container where the host
                                      volume is mounted.

                                   readOnly -> (boolean)
                                      If this value is true  ,  the  container
                                      has read-only access to the volume. Oth-
                                      erwise, the container can write  to  the
                                      volume. The default value is false .

                                   sourceVolume -> (string)
                                      The name of the volume to mount.

                            readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                               When  this  parameter is true, the container is
                               given read-only access to its root file system.
                               This  parameter  maps  to ReadonlyRootfs in the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --read-only option to docker run .

                            privileged -> (boolean)
                               When  this  parameter is true, the container is
                               given elevated permissions  on  the  host  con-
                               tainer  instance  (similar  to  the root user).
                               This parameter maps to Privileged in the Create
                               a  container  section  of the Docker Remote API
                               and the --privileged option to docker run . The
                               default value is false.

                               NOTE:
                                   This  parameter  isn't  applicable  to jobs
                                   that are running on Fargate  resources  and
                                   shouldn't  be  provided,  or  specified  as
                                   false.

                            ulimits -> (list)
                               A list of ulimits to set in the container. This
                               parameter  maps to Ulimits in the Create a con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               --ulimit option to docker run .

                               NOTE:
                                   This  parameter  isn't  applicable  to jobs
                                   that are running on Fargate  resources  and
                                   shouldn't be provided.

                               (structure)
                                   The  ulimit  settings  to  pass to the con-
                                   tainer.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This object  isn't  applicable  to  jobs
                                      that are running on Fargate resources.

                                   hardLimit -> (integer)
                                      The hard limit for the ulimit type.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The type of the ulimit .

                                   softLimit -> (integer)
                                      The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                            user -> (string)
                               The user name to use inside the container. This
                               parameter maps to User in  the  Create  a  con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               --user option to docker run .

                            instanceType -> (string)
                               The instance type to use for a multi-node  par-
                               allel job. All node groups in a multi-node par-
                               allel job must use the same instance type.

                               NOTE:
                                   This parameter  isn't  applicable  to  sin-
                                   gle-node container jobs or jobs that run on
                                   Fargate resources, and  shouldn't  be  pro-
                                   vided.

                            resourceRequirements -> (list)
                               The type and amount of resources to assign to a
                               container. The supported resources include  GPU
                               , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                               (structure)
                                   The type and amount of a resource to assign
                                   to a container. The supported resources in-
                                   clude GPU , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The  quantity  of the specified resource
                                      to reserve for the container. The values
                                      vary based on the type specified.
                                          type="GPU"

                                      The  number  of physical GPUs to reserve
                                      for the container. Make  sure  that  the
                                      number of GPUs reserved for all contain-
                                      ers in a job doesn't exceed  the  number
                                      of  available  GPUs  on  the compute re-
                                      source that the job is launched on.

                                      NOTE:
                                          GPUs aren't available for jobs  that
                                          are running on Fargate resources.

                                          type="MEMORY"

                                      The  memory  hard limit (in MiB) present
                                      to the container. This parameter is sup-
                                      ported  for jobs that are running on EC2
                                      resources. If your container attempts to
                                      exceed  the  memory  specified, the con-
                                      tainer  is  terminated.  This  parameter
                                      maps to Memory in the Create a container
                                      section of the Docker Remote API and the
                                      --memory option to docker run . You must
                                      specify at least 4 MiB of memory  for  a
                                      job.  This is required but can be speci-
                                      fied in several  places  for  multi-node
                                      parallel  (MNP)  jobs. It must be speci-
                                      fied for each node at least  once.  This
                                      parameter maps to Memory in the Create a
                                      container section of the  Docker  Remote
                                      API  and  the  --memory option to docker
                                      run .

                                      NOTE:
                                          If you're trying  to  maximize  your
                                          resource  utilization  by  providing
                                          your jobs as much memory as possible
                                          for  a particular instance type, see
                                          Memory management in the Batch  User
                                          Guide .

                                      For jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                      sources, then value is  the  hard  limit
                                      (in MiB), and must match one of the sup-
                                      ported values and the VCPU  values  must
                                      be  one of the values supported for that
                                      memory value.
                                             value = 512

                                          VCPU = 0.25
                                             value = 1024

                                          VCPU = 0.25 or 0.5
                                             value = 2048

                                          VCPU = 0.25, 0.5, or 1
                                             value = 3072

                                          VCPU = 0.5, or 1
                                             value = 4096

                                          VCPU = 0.5, 1, or 2
                                             value = 5120, 6144, or 7168

                                          VCPU = 1 or 2
                                             value = 8192

                                          VCPU = 1, 2, 4, or 8
                                             value  =  9216,   10240,   11264,
                                             12288, 13312, 14336, or 15360

                                          VCPU = 2 or 4
                                             value = 16384

                                          VCPU = 2, 4, or 8
                                             value   =  17408,  18432,  19456,
                                             21504,   22528,   23552,   25600,
                                             26624, 27648, 29696, or 30720

                                          VCPU = 4
                                             value = 20480, 24576, or 28672

                                          VCPU = 4 or 8
                                             value  =  36864, 45056, 53248, or
                                             61440

                                          VCPU = 8
                                             value = 32768, 40960,  49152,  or
                                             57344

                                          VCPU = 8 or 16
                                             value   =  65536,  73728,  81920,
                                             90112, 98304, 106496, 114688,  or
                                             122880

                                          VCPU = 16
                                             type="VCPU"

                                      The  number  of  vCPUs  reserved for the
                                      container.  This   parameter   maps   to
                                      CpuShares in the Create a container sec-
                                      tion of the Docker Remote  API  and  the
                                      --cpu-shares option to docker run . Each
                                      vCPU is equivalent to 1,024 CPU  shares.
                                      For  EC2  resources, you must specify at
                                      least one vCPU. This is required but can
                                      be  specified in several places; it must
                                      be specified  for  each  node  at  least
                                      once.

                                      The  default  for  the Fargate On-Demand
                                      vCPU resource count quota  is  6  vCPUs.
                                      For  more information about Fargate quo-
                                      tas, see Fargate quotas  in  the  Amazon
                                      Web Services General Reference .

                                      For jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                      sources, then value must  match  one  of
                                      the supported values and the MEMORY val-
                                      ues must be one of the values  supported
                                      for  that VCPU value. The supported val-
                                      ues are 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16
                                             value = 0.25

                                          MEMORY = 512, 1024, or 2048
                                             value = 0.5

                                          MEMORY = 1024, 2048, 3072, or 4096
                                             value = 1

                                          MEMORY =  2048,  3072,  4096,  5120,
                                          6144, 7168, or 8192
                                             value = 2

                                          MEMORY  =  4096,  5120,  6144, 7168,
                                          8192,  9216,  10240,  11264,  12288,
                                          13312, 14336, 15360, or 16384
                                             value = 4

                                          MEMORY  =  8192, 9216, 10240, 11264,
                                          12288, 13312, 14336,  15360,  16384,
                                          17408,  18432,  19456, 20480, 21504,
                                          22528, 23552, 24576,  25600,  26624,
                                          27648, 28672, 29696, or 30720
                                             value = 8

                                          MEMORY = 16384, 20480, 24576, 28672,
                                          32768, 36864, 40960,  45056,  49152,
                                          53248, 57344, or 61440
                                             value = 16

                                          MEMORY = 32768, 40960, 49152, 57344,
                                          65536, 73728, 81920,  90112,  98304,
                                          106496, 114688, or 122880

                                   type -> (string)
                                      The type of resource to assign to a con-
                                      tainer. The supported resources  include
                                      GPU , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                            linuxParameters -> (structure)
                               Linux-specific  modifications  that are applied
                               to the container, such as  details  for  device
                               mappings.

                               devices -> (list)
                                   Any  of  the  host devices to expose to the
                                   container. This parameter maps  to  Devices
                                   in  the  Create  a container section of the
                                   Docker Remote API and the  --device  option
                                   to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs
                                      that are running on  Fargate  resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                                   (structure)
                                      An  object  that  represents a container
                                      instance host device.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This object isn't applicable to jobs
                                          that  are  running  on  Fargate  re-
                                          sources and shouldn't be provided.

                                      hostPath -> (string)
                                          The path for the device on the  host
                                          container instance.

                                      containerPath -> (string)
                                          The path inside the container that's
                                          used to expose the host  device.  By
                                          default, the hostPath value is used.

                                      permissions -> (list)
                                          The  explicit permissions to provide
                                          to the container for the device.  By
                                          default,  the  container has permis-
                                          sions for read , write ,  and  mknod
                                          for the device.

                                          (string)

                               initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                                   If  true,  run  an  init process inside the
                                   container that forwards signals  and  reaps
                                   processes.   This  parameter  maps  to  the
                                   --init option to docker run . This  parame-
                                   ter requires version 1.25 of the Docker Re-
                                   mote API or greater on your  container  in-
                                   stance. To check the Docker Remote API ver-
                                   sion on your container instance, log in  to
                                   your container instance and run the follow-
                                   ing command: sudo  docker  version  |  grep
                                   "Server API version"

                               sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                                   The  value  for  the  size  (in MiB) of the
                                   /dev/shm volume. This parameter maps to the
                                   --shm-size option to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs
                                      that are running on  Fargate  resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                               tmpfs -> (list)
                                   The container path, mount options, and size
                                   (in MiB) of the tmpfs mount. This parameter
                                   maps to the --tmpfs option to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs
                                      that are running on  Fargate  resources.
                                      Don't  provide  this  parameter for this
                                      resource type.

                                   (structure)
                                      The container path, mount  options,  and
                                      size of the tmpfs mount.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This object isn't applicable to jobs
                                          that  are  running  on  Fargate  re-
                                          sources.

                                      containerPath -> (string)
                                          The  absolute  file path in the con-
                                          tainer where  the  tmpfs  volume  is
                                          mounted.

                                      size -> (integer)
                                          The  size (in MiB) of the tmpfs vol-
                                          ume.

                                      mountOptions -> (list)
                                          The list of tmpfs volume  mount  op-
                                          tions.

                                          Valid  values: "defaults " | "ro " |
                                          "rw " | "suid " | "nosuid " | "dev "
                                          |  "nodev  " | "exec " | "noexec " |
                                          "sync " | "async " |  "dirsync  "  |
                                          "remount  "  | "mand " | "nomand " |
                                          "atime " | "noatime " | "diratime  "
                                          |  "nodiratime " | "bind " | "rbind"
                                          |  "unbindable"  |  "runbindable"  |
                                          "private"  | "rprivate" | "shared" |
                                          "rshared" |  "slave"  |  "rslave"  |
                                          "relatime   "   |  "norelatime  "  |
                                          "strictatime " | "nostrictatime "  |
                                          "mode  " | "uid " | "gid " | "nr_in-
                                          odes " | "nr_blocks " | "mpol "

                                          (string)

                               maxSwap -> (integer)
                                   The total amount of swap memory (in MiB)  a
                                   container can use. This parameter is trans-
                                   lated to the --memory-swap option to docker
                                   run  where the value is the sum of the con-
                                   tainer memory plus the maxSwap  value.  For
                                   more  information,  see ` --memory-swap de-
                                   tails                                    <-
                                   https://docs.docker.com/config/contain-
                                   ers/resource_constraints/#--memory-swap-de-
                                   tails>`__ in the Docker documentation.

                                   If  a  maxSwap value of 0 is specified, the
                                   container doesn't use swap. Accepted values
                                   are  0  or  any  positive  integer.  If the
                                   maxSwap parameter is omitted, the container
                                   doesn't  use the swap configuration for the
                                   container instance that it's running on.  A
                                   maxSwap  value  must be set for the swappi-
                                   ness parameter to be used.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter isn't applicable to  jobs
                                      that  are  running on Fargate resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                               swappiness -> (integer)
                                   You can use this parameter to tune  a  con-
                                   tainer's   memory  swappiness  behavior.  A
                                   swappiness value of 0  causes  swapping  to
                                   not  occur  unless  absolutely necessary. A
                                   swappiness value of 100 causes pages to  be
                                   swapped   aggressively.  Valid  values  are
                                   whole numbers between 0 and 100  .  If  the
                                   swappiness parameter isn't specified, a de-
                                   fault value of 60 is used. If a value isn't
                                   specified for maxSwap , then this parameter
                                   is ignored. If maxSwap is  set  to  0,  the
                                   container  doesn't use swap. This parameter
                                   maps to the --memory-swappiness  option  to
                                   docker run .

                                   Consider  the  following  when  you  use  a
                                   per-container swap configuration.

                                   o Swap space must be enabled and  allocated
                                     on  the  container  instance for the con-
                                     tainers to use.

                                   NOTE:
                                      By default,  the  Amazon  ECS  optimized
                                      AMIs  don't  have swap enabled. You must
                                      enable swap on the instance to use  this
                                      feature.   For   more  information,  see
                                      Instance store swap volumes in the  Ama-
                                      zon  EC2  User Guide for Linux Instances
                                      or How do I allocate memory to  work  as
                                      swap  space in an Amazon EC2 instance by
                                      using a swap file?

                                   o The swap space parameters are  only  sup-
                                     ported  for job definitions using EC2 re-
                                     sources.

                                   o If the maxSwap and swappiness  parameters
                                     are  omitted  from a job definition, each
                                     container has a default swappiness  value
                                     of  60. Moreover, the total swap usage is
                                     limited to two times the memory  reserva-
                                     tion of the container.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs
                                      that are running on  Fargate  resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                            logConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The  log  configuration  specification  for the
                               container.

                               This parameter maps to LogConfig in the  Create
                               a  container  section  of the Docker Remote API
                               and the --log-driver option to docker run .  By
                               default, containers use the same logging driver
                               that the Docker daemon uses. However  the  con-
                               tainer  might  use  a  different logging driver
                               than the Docker  daemon  by  specifying  a  log
                               driver  with  this  parameter  in the container
                               definition. To use a different  logging  driver
                               for a container, the log system must be config-
                               ured properly on the container instance (or  on
                               a  different  log server for remote logging op-
                               tions). For more information on the options for
                               different  supported log drivers, see Configure
                               logging drivers in the Docker documentation.

                               NOTE:
                                   Batch currently supports a  subset  of  the
                                   logging  drivers  available  to  the Docker
                                   daemon (shown in the  LogConfiguration data
                                   type).

                               This  parameter  requires  version  1.18 of the
                               Docker Remote API or greater on your  container
                               instance.  To  check the Docker Remote API ver-
                               sion on your container instance, log in to your
                               container  instance  and run the following com-
                               mand: sudo docker version |  grep  "Server  API
                               version"

                               NOTE:
                                   The Amazon ECS container agent running on a
                                   container instance must register  the  log-
                                   ging  drivers  available  on  that instance
                                   with the ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIVERS  en-
                                   vironment variable before containers placed
                                   on that instance can use these log configu-
                                   ration  options.  For more information, see
                                   Amazon ECS container agent configuration in
                                   the Amazon Elastic Container Service Devel-
                                   oper Guide .

                               logDriver -> (string)
                                   The log driver to use  for  the  container.
                                   The  valid  values that are listed for this
                                   parameter are log drivers that  the  Amazon
                                   ECS container agent can communicate with by
                                   default.

                                   The supported log  drivers  are  awslogs  ,
                                   fluentd , gelf , json-file , journald , lo-
                                   gentries , syslog , and splunk .

                                   NOTE:
                                      Jobs that are  running  on  Fargate  re-
                                      sources  are  restricted  to the awslogs
                                      and splunk log drivers.

                                      awslogs

                                   Specifies the Amazon CloudWatch  Logs  log-
                                   ging  driver.  For  more  information,  see
                                   Using the awslogs log driver in  the  Batch
                                   User  Guide and Amazon CloudWatch Logs log-
                                   ging driver in the Docker documentation.
                                      fluentd

                                   Specifies the Fluentd logging  driver.  For
                                   more  information  including  usage and op-
                                   tions, see Fluentd logging  driver  in  the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      gelf

                                   Specifies   the   Graylog  Extended  Format
                                   (GELF) logging driver. For more information
                                   including  usage  and  options, see Graylog
                                   Extended  Format  logging  driver  in   the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      journald

                                   Specifies  the journald logging driver. For
                                   more information including  usage  and  op-
                                   tions,  see  Journald logging driver in the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      json-file

                                   Specifies the JSON file logging driver. For
                                   more  information  including  usage and op-
                                   tions, see JSON File logging driver in  the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      splunk

                                   Specifies  the  Splunk  logging driver. For
                                   more information including  usage  and  op-
                                   tions,  see  Splunk  logging  driver in the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      syslog

                                   Specifies the syslog  logging  driver.  For
                                   more  information  including  usage and op-
                                   tions, see Syslog  logging  driver  in  the
                                   Docker documentation .

                                   NOTE:
                                      If  you  have a custom driver that's not
                                      listed earlier that  you  want  to  work
                                      with the Amazon ECS container agent, you
                                      can fork the Amazon ECS container  agent
                                      project  that's  available on GitHub and
                                      customize it to work with  that  driver.
                                      We encourage you to submit pull requests
                                      for changes that you want  to  have  in-
                                      cluded.  However,  Amazon  Web  Services
                                      doesn't currently support running  modi-
                                      fied copies of this software.

                                   This parameter requires version 1.18 of the
                                   Docker Remote API or greater on  your  con-
                                   tainer instance. To check the Docker Remote
                                   API version on your container instance, log
                                   in  to  your container instance and run the
                                   following command: sudo  docker  version  |
                                   grep "Server API version"

                               options -> (map)
                                   The  configuration  options  to send to the
                                   log driver. This parameter requires version
                                   1.19 of the Docker Remote API or greater on
                                   your  container  instance.  To  check   the
                                   Docker Remote API version on your container
                                   instance, log in to your container instance
                                   and  run the following command: sudo docker
                                   version | grep "Server API version"

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                               secretOptions -> (list)
                                   The secrets to pass to the  log  configura-
                                   tion.  For more information, see Specifying
                                   sensitive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                   (structure)
                                      An object that represents the secret  to
                                      expose to your container. Secrets can be
                                      exposed to a container in the  following
                                      ways:

                                      o To  inject  sensitive  data  into your
                                        containers as  environment  variables,
                                        use  the  secrets container definition
                                        parameter.

                                      o To reference sensitive information  in
                                        the  log configuration of a container,
                                        use the secretOptions container  defi-
                                        nition parameter.

                                      For  more  information,  see  Specifying
                                      sensitive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                      name -> (string)
                                          The name of the secret.

                                      valueFrom -> (string)
                                          The secret to  expose  to  the  con-
                                          tainer. The supported values are ei-
                                          ther the full Amazon  Resource  Name
                                          (ARN)  of the Secrets Manager secret
                                          or the full ARN of the parameter  in
                                          the Amazon Web Services Systems Man-
                                          ager Parameter Store.

                                          NOTE:
                                             If the Amazon Web  Services  Sys-
                                             tems  Manager Parameter Store pa-
                                             rameter exists in the same Region
                                             as the job you're launching, then
                                             you can use either the full  Ama-
                                             zon  Resource  Name (ARN) or name
                                             of the parameter. If the  parame-
                                             ter exists in a different Region,
                                             then the full ARN must be  speci-
                                             fied.

                            secrets -> (list)
                               The  secrets for the container. For more infor-
                               mation, see Specifying sensitive  data  in  the
                               Batch User Guide .

                               (structure)
                                   An object that represents the secret to ex-
                                   pose to your container. Secrets can be  ex-
                                   posed to a container in the following ways:

                                   o To  inject  sensitive data into your con-
                                     tainers as environment variables, use the
                                     secrets container definition parameter.

                                   o To reference sensitive information in the
                                     log configuration of a container, use the
                                     secretOptions container definition param-
                                     eter.

                                   For more information, see Specifying sensi-
                                   tive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the secret.

                                   valueFrom -> (string)
                                      The  secret  to expose to the container.
                                      The supported values are either the full
                                      Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the Se-
                                      crets Manager secret or the full ARN  of
                                      the parameter in the Amazon Web Services
                                      Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                                      NOTE:
                                          If the Amazon Web  Services  Systems
                                          Manager  Parameter  Store  parameter
                                          exists in the same Region as the job
                                          you're  launching,  then you can use
                                          either the full Amazon Resource Name
                                          (ARN)  or  name of the parameter. If
                                          the parameter exists in a  different
                                          Region,  then  the  full ARN must be
                                          specified.

                            networkConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The network configuration  for  jobs  that  are
                               running  on  Fargate  resources.  Jobs that are
                               running on EC2 resources must not specify  this
                               parameter.

                               assignPublicIp -> (string)
                                   Indicates  whether  the job has a public IP
                                   address. For a job that's running  on  Far-
                                   gate  resources in a private subnet to send
                                   outbound traffic to the internet (for exam-
                                   ple, to pull container images), the private
                                   subnet requires a NAT gateway  be  attached
                                   to route requests to the internet. For more
                                   information, see Amazon ECS task networking
                                   in the Amazon Elastic Container Service De-
                                   veloper Guide . The default value is  "DIS-
                                   ABLED ".

                            fargatePlatformConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The  platform  configuration  for jobs that are
                               running on Fargate  resources.  Jobs  that  are
                               running  on EC2 resources must not specify this
                               parameter.

                               platformVersion -> (string)
                                   The Fargate platform version where the jobs
                                   are  running.  A platform version is speci-
                                   fied only for jobs that are running on Far-
                                   gate resources. If one isn't specified, the
                                   LATEST platform version is used by default.
                                   This uses a recent, approved version of the
                                   Fargate platform for compute resources. For
                                   more information, see Fargate platform ver-
                                   sions in the Amazon Elastic Container  Ser-
                                   vice Developer Guide .

              arrayProperties -> (structure)
                 The array properties of the job, if it's an array job.

                 statusSummary -> (map)
                     A  summary  of  the  number of array job children in each
                     available job status. This parameter is returned for par-
                     ent array jobs.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (integer)

                 size -> (integer)
                     The size of the array job. This parameter is returned for
                     parent array jobs.

                 index -> (integer)
                     The job index within the  array  that's  associated  with
                     this  job. This parameter is returned for array job chil-
                     dren.

              timeout -> (structure)
                 The timeout configuration for the job.

                 attemptDurationSeconds -> (integer)
                     The job timeout time (in seconds)  that's  measured  from
                     the  job  attempt's  startedAt timestamp. After this time
                     passes, Batch terminates your jobs if  they  aren't  fin-
                     ished. The minimum value for the timeout is 60 seconds.

              tags -> (map)
                 The tags that are applied to the job.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              propagateTags -> (boolean)
                 Specifies  whether  to propagate the tags from the job or job
                 definition to the corresponding Amazon ECS task. If no  value
                 is  specified,  the  tags aren't propagated. Tags can only be
                 propagated to the tasks when the tasks are created. For  tags
                 with the same name, job tags are given priority over job def-
                 initions tags. If the total number of combined tags from  the
                 job  and  job  definition is over 50, the job is moved to the
                 FAILED state.

              platformCapabilities -> (list)
                 The platform capabilities required by the job definition.  If
                 no  value is specified, it defaults to EC2 . Jobs run on Far-
                 gate resources specify FARGATE .

                 (string)

              eksProperties -> (structure)
                 An object with various properties that are specific to Amazon
                 EKS  based  jobs.  Only one of container , eksProperties , or
                 nodeDetails is specified.

                 podProperties -> (structure)
                     The properties for the Kubernetes pod resources of a job.

                     serviceAccountName -> (string)
                        The name of the service account that's used to run the
                        pod.  For more information, see Kubernetes service ac-
                        counts and Configure a Kubernetes service  account  to
                        assume  an  IAM  role in the Amazon EKS User Guide and
                        Configure service accounts for pods in the  Kubernetes
                        documentation .

                     hostNetwork -> (boolean)
                        Indicates  if  the  pod uses the hosts' network IP ad-
                        dress. The default value is true  .  Setting  this  to
                        false  enables  the  Kubernetes  pod networking model.
                        Most Batch workloads are egress-only and don't require
                        the  overhead of IP allocation for each pod for incom-
                        ing connections. For more information, see Host  name-
                        spaces and Pod networking in the Kubernetes documenta-
                        tion .

                     dnsPolicy -> (string)
                        The DNS policy for the pod. The default value is Clus-
                        terFirst  . If the hostNetwork parameter is not speci-
                        fied, the default is ClusterFirstWithHostNet  .  Clus-
                        terFirst  indicates  that  any DNS query that does not
                        match the configured cluster  domain  suffix  is  for-
                        warded  to  the upstream nameserver inherited from the
                        node. If no value was specified for dnsPolicy  in  the
                        RegisterJobDefinition  API  operation,  then  no value
                        will  be  returned  for   dnsPolicy   by   either   of
                        DescribeJobDefinitions or DescribeJobs API operations.
                        The pod spec setting will contain either  ClusterFirst
                        or ClusterFirstWithHostNet , depending on the value of
                        the hostNetwork parameter. For more  information,  see
                        Pod's DNS policy in the Kubernetes documentation .

                        Valid  values:  Default | ClusterFirst | ClusterFirst-
                        WithHostNet

                     containers -> (list)
                        The properties of the container  that's  used  on  the
                        Amazon EKS pod.

                        (structure)
                            The  details for container properties that are re-
                            turned by DescribeJobs for jobs  that  use  Amazon
                            EKS.

                            name -> (string)
                               The  name  of  the container. If the name isn't
                               specified, the default name "Default " is used.
                               Each  container  in  a  pod  must have a unique
                               name.

                            image -> (string)
                               The Docker image used to start the container.

                            imagePullPolicy -> (string)
                               The image pull policy for the  container.  Sup-
                               ported  values  are Always , IfNotPresent , and
                               Never . This parameter defaults  to  Always  if
                               the :latest tag is specified, IfNotPresent oth-
                               erwise. For more information, see Updating  im-
                               ages in the Kubernetes documentation .

                            command -> (list)
                               The  entrypoint for the container. For more in-
                               formation, see  Entrypoint  in  the  Kubernetes
                               documentation .

                               (string)

                            args -> (list)
                               An  array  of  arguments  to the entrypoint. If
                               this isn't specified, the CMD of the  container
                               image  is  used.  This  corresponds to the args
                               member in the Entrypoint portion of the Pod  in
                               Kubernetes. Environment variable references are
                               expanded using the container's environment.

                               If the referenced environment variable  doesn't
                               exist,  the  reference  in  the  command  isn't
                               changed. For example, if the  reference  is  to
                               "$(NAME1)  " and the NAME1 environment variable
                               doesn't exist, the command string  will  remain
                               "$(NAME1)  ". $$ is replaced with $ and the re-
                               sulting string  isn't  expanded.  For  example,
                               $$(VAR_NAME)  is  passed as $(VAR_NAME) whether
                               or not the VAR_NAME  environment  variable  ex-
                               ists.  For  more  information,  see  CMD in the
                               Dockerfile reference and Define a  command  and
                               arguments  for a pod in the Kubernetes documen-
                               tation .

                               (string)

                            env -> (list)
                               The environment variables to  pass  to  a  con-
                               tainer.

                               NOTE:
                                   Environment  variables  cannot  start  with
                                   "AWS_BATCH ". This naming convention is re-
                                   served for variables that Batch sets.

                               (structure)
                                   An environment variable.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the environment variable.

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The value of the environment variable.

                            resources -> (structure)
                               The type and amount of resources to assign to a
                               container. The supported resources include mem-
                               ory  ,  cpu , and nvidia.com/gpu . For more in-
                               formation, see Resource management for pods and
                               containers in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               limits -> (map)
                                   The  type  and quantity of the resources to
                                   reserve for the container. The values  vary
                                   based  on  the  name  that's specified. Re-
                                   sources can be requested using  either  the
                                   limits or the requests objects.
                                      memory

                                   The memory hard limit (in MiB) for the con-
                                   tainer, using whole integers, with  a  "Mi"
                                   suffix.  If  your container attempts to ex-
                                   ceed the memory specified, the container is
                                   terminated. You must specify at least 4 MiB
                                   of memory for a job. memory can  be  speci-
                                   fied  in  limits  ,  requests , or both. If
                                   memory is specified in  both  places,  then
                                   the  value  that's specified in limits must
                                   be equal to the value that's  specified  in
                                   requests .

                                   NOTE:
                                      To  maximize  your resource utilization,
                                      provide your jobs with as much memory as
                                      possible  for the specific instance type
                                      that you are using. To  learn  how,  see
                                      Memory  management  in  the  Batch  User
                                      Guide .

                                      cpu

                                   The number of CPUs that's reserved for  the
                                   container.  Values must be an even multiple
                                   of 0.25 . cpu can be specified in limits  ,
                                   requests  , or both. If cpu is specified in
                                   both places, then the value  that's  speci-
                                   fied in limits must be at least as large as
                                   the value that's specified in requests .
                                      nvidia.com/gpu

                                   The number of GPUs that's reserved for  the
                                   container.  Values must be a whole integer.
                                   memory can be specified  in  limits  ,  re-
                                   quests , or both. If memory is specified in
                                   both places, then the value  that's  speci-
                                   fied  in  limits must be equal to the value
                                   that's specified in requests .

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                               requests -> (map)
                                   The type and quantity of the  resources  to
                                   request  for the container. The values vary
                                   based on the  name  that's  specified.  Re-
                                   sources  can  be  requested by using either
                                   the limits or the requests objects.
                                      memory

                                   The memory hard limit (in MiB) for the con-
                                   tainer,  using  whole integers, with a "Mi"
                                   suffix. If your container attempts  to  ex-
                                   ceed the memory specified, the container is
                                   terminated. You must specify at least 4 MiB
                                   of  memory  for a job. memory can be speci-
                                   fied in limits , requests  ,  or  both.  If
                                   memory is specified in both, then the value
                                   that's specified in limits must be equal to
                                   the value that's specified in requests .

                                   NOTE:
                                      If  you're  trying  to maximize your re-
                                      source  utilization  by  providing  your
                                      jobs  as  much  memory as possible for a
                                      particular  instance  type,  see  Memory
                                      management in the Batch User Guide .

                                      cpu

                                   The  number  of  CPUs that are reserved for
                                   the container. Values must be an even  mul-
                                   tiple  of  0.25  .  cpu can be specified in
                                   limits , requests ,  or  both.  If  cpu  is
                                   specified  in  both,  then the value that's
                                   specified in limits must  be  at  least  as
                                   large  as the value that's specified in re-
                                   quests .
                                      nvidia.com/gpu

                                   The number of GPUs that  are  reserved  for
                                   the container. Values must be a whole inte-
                                   ger. nvidia.com/gpu  can  be  specified  in
                                   limits   ,   requests   ,   or   both.   If
                                   nvidia.com/gpu is specified in  both,  then
                                   the  value  that's specified in limits must
                                   be equal to the value that's  specified  in
                                   requests .

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                            exitCode -> (integer)
                               The  exit  code for the job attempt. A non-zero
                               exit code is considered failed.

                            reason -> (string)
                               A short human-readable string to provide  addi-
                               tional  details  for  a running or stopped con-
                               tainer. It can be up to 255 characters long.

                            volumeMounts -> (list)
                               The volume mounts for the container. Batch sup-
                               ports  emptyDir  , hostPath , and secret volume
                               types. For more information about  volumes  and
                               volume mounts in Kubernetes, see Volumes in the
                               Kubernetes documentation .

                               (structure)
                                   The volume mounts for a  container  for  an
                                   Amazon  EKS job. For more information about
                                   volumes and volume  mounts  in  Kubernetes,
                                   see Volumes in the Kubernetes documentation
                                   .

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name the  volume  mount.  This  must
                                      match  the name of one of the volumes in
                                      the pod.

                                   mountPath -> (string)
                                      The path on the container where the vol-
                                      ume is mounted.

                                   readOnly -> (boolean)
                                      If  this  value  is true , the container
                                      has read-only access to the volume. Oth-
                                      erwise,  the  container can write to the
                                      volume. The default value is false .

                            securityContext -> (structure)
                               The security context for a job. For more infor-
                               mation,  see Configure a security context for a
                               pod or container in the  Kubernetes  documenta-
                               tion .

                               runAsUser -> (long)
                                   When  this parameter is specified, the con-
                                   tainer is run as the specified user ID (uid
                                   ).  If  this parameter isn't specified, the
                                   default is the user that's specified in the
                                   image  metadata.  This  parameter  maps  to
                                   RunAsUser and MustRanAs policy in the Users
                                   and groups pod security policies in the Ku-
                                   bernetes documentation .

                               runAsGroup -> (long)
                                   When this parameter is specified, the  con-
                                   tainer  is  run  as  the specified group ID
                                   (gid ). If this parameter isn't  specified,
                                   the  default  is the group that's specified
                                   in the image metadata. This parameter  maps
                                   to  RunAsGroup  and MustRunAs policy in the
                                   Users and groups pod security  policies  in
                                   the Kubernetes documentation .

                               privileged -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is true , the container
                                   is given elevated permissions on  the  host
                                   container  instance.  The  level of permis-
                                   sions are similar to the root user  permis-
                                   sions.  The  default  value is false . This
                                   parameter maps to privileged policy in  the
                                   Privileged pod security policies in the Ku-
                                   bernetes documentation .

                               readOnlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is true , the container
                                   is  given read-only access to its root file
                                   system. The default value is false  .  This
                                   parameter  maps  to  ReadOnlyRootFilesystem
                                   policy in the Volumes and file systems  pod
                                   security  policies  in the Kubernetes docu-
                                   mentation .

                               runAsNonRoot -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is specified, the  con-
                                   tainer  is  run  as a user with a uid other
                                   than 0. If this parameter isn't  specified,
                                   so  such  rule  is enforced. This parameter
                                   maps to RunAsUser and MustRunAsNonRoot pol-
                                   icy  in  the  Users and groups pod security
                                   policies in the Kubernetes documentation .

                     volumes -> (list)
                        Specifies the volumes for a job definition using  Ama-
                        zon EKS resources.

                        (structure)
                            Specifies  an  Amazon EKS volume for a job defini-
                            tion.

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the volume. The name  must  be  al-
                               lowed  as a DNS subdomain name. For more infor-
                               mation, see DNS subdomain names in  the  Kuber-
                               netes documentation .

                            hostPath -> (structure)
                               Specifies  the  configuration  of  a Kubernetes
                               hostPath  volume.  For  more  information,  see
                               hostPath in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               path -> (string)
                                   The  path  of  the file or directory on the
                                   host to mount into containers on the pod.

                            emptyDir -> (structure)
                               Specifies the  configuration  of  a  Kubernetes
                               emptyDir  volume.  For  more  information,  see
                               emptyDir in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               medium -> (string)
                                   The medium to store the volume. The default
                                   value  is  an  empty string, which uses the
                                   storage of the node.
                                          ""

                                      (Default) Use the disk  storage  of  the
                                      node.
                                          "Memory"

                                   Use  the  tmpfs volume that's backed by the
                                   RAM of the node. Contents of the volume are
                                   lost when the node reboots, and any storage
                                   on  the  volume  counts  against  the  con-
                                   tainer's memory limit.

                               sizeLimit -> (string)
                                   The maximum size of the volume. By default,
                                   there's no maximum size defined.

                            secret -> (structure)
                               Specifies the configuration of a Kubernetes se-
                               cret  volume.  For more information, see secret
                               in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               secretName -> (string)
                                   The name of the secret. The  name  must  be
                                   allowed  as  a DNS subdomain name. For more
                                   information, see DNS subdomain names in the
                                   Kubernetes documentation .

                               optional -> (boolean)
                                   Specifies  whether  the  secret  or the se-
                                   cret's keys must be defined.

                     podName -> (string)
                        The name of the pod for this job.

                     nodeName -> (string)
                        The name of the node for this job.

              eksAttempts -> (list)
                 A list of job attempts that are associated with this job.

                 (structure)
                     An object that represents the details of  a  job  attempt
                     for a job attempt by an Amazon EKS container.

                     containers -> (list)
                        The details for the final status of the containers for
                        this job attempt.

                        (structure)
                            An object that represents the details for  an  at-
                            tempt  for  a  job attempt that an Amazon EKS con-
                            tainer runs.

                            exitCode -> (integer)
                               The exit code for the job attempt.  A  non-zero
                               exit code is considered failed.

                            reason -> (string)
                               A  short  (255  max  characters) human-readable
                               string to provide additional details for a run-
                               ning or stopped container.

                     podName -> (string)
                        The name of the pod for this job attempt.

                     nodeName -> (string)
                        The name of the node for this job attempt.

                     startedAt -> (long)
                        The  Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) for when the at-
                        tempt was started (when the attempt transitioned  from
                        the STARTING state to the RUNNING state).

                     stoppedAt -> (long)
                        The  Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) for when the at-
                        tempt was stopped. This happens when the attempt tran-
                        sitioned  from  the RUNNING state to a terminal state,
                        such as SUCCEEDED or FAILED .

                     statusReason -> (string)
                        A short, human-readable string to  provide  additional
                        details for the current status of the job attempt.



                                                               DESCRIBE-JOBS()
