DESCRIBE-JOB-DEFINITIONS()                          DESCRIBE-JOB-DEFINITIONS()



NAME
       describe-job-definitions -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  a list of job definitions. You can specify a status (such as
       ACTIVE ) to only return job definitions that match that status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       describe-job-definitions is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: jobDefinitions

SYNOPSIS
            describe-job-definitions
          [--job-definitions <value>]
          [--job-definition-name <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-definitions (list)
          A  list of up to 100 job definitions. Each entry in the list can ei-
          ther  be  an  ARN  in   the   format   arn:aws:batch:${Region}:${Ac-
          count}:job-definition/${JobDefinitionName}:${Revision}  or  a  short
          version using the form ${JobDefinitionName}:${Revision} .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --job-definition-name (string)
          The name of the job definition to describe.

       --status (string)
          The status used to filter job definitions.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe active job definitions

       This example describes all of your active job definitions.

       Command:

          aws batch describe-job-definitions --status ACTIVE

       Output:

          {
              "jobDefinitions": [
                  {
                      "status": "ACTIVE",
                      "jobDefinitionArn": "arn:aws:batch:us-east-1:012345678910:job-definition/sleep60:1",
                      "containerProperties": {
                          "mountPoints": [],
                          "parameters": {},
                          "image": "busybox",
                          "environment": {},
                          "vcpus": 1,
                          "command": [
                              "sleep",
                              "60"
                          ],
                          "volumes": [],
                          "memory": 128,
                          "ulimits": []
                      },
                      "type": "container",
                      "jobDefinitionName": "sleep60",
                      "revision": 1
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       jobDefinitions -> (list)
          The list of job definitions.

          (structure)
              An object that represents an Batch job definition.

              jobDefinitionName -> (string)
                 The name of the job definition.

              jobDefinitionArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the job definition.

              revision -> (integer)
                 The revision of the job definition.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the job definition.

              type -> (string)
                 The  type of job definition. It's either container or multin-
                 ode . If the job is run on Fargate resources, then  multinode
                 isn't supported. For more information about multi-node paral-
                 lel jobs, see Creating a multi-node parallel  job  definition
                 in the Batch User Guide .

              schedulingPriority -> (integer)
                 The  scheduling priority of the job definition. This only af-
                 fects jobs in job queues with a fair share policy. Jobs  with
                 a higher scheduling priority are scheduled before jobs with a
                 lower scheduling priority.

              parameters -> (map)
                 Default parameters  or  parameter  substitution  placeholders
                 that  are set in the job definition. Parameters are specified
                 as a key-value pair mapping. Parameters in  a  SubmitJob  re-
                 quest  override any corresponding parameter defaults from the
                 job definition. For more information about specifying parame-
                 ters, see Job definition parameters in the Batch User Guide .

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              retryStrategy -> (structure)
                 The  retry strategy to use for failed jobs that are submitted
                 with this job definition.

                 attempts -> (integer)
                     The number of times to move a job to the RUNNABLE status.
                     You  can  specify between 1 and 10 attempts. If the value
                     of attempts is greater than one, the job  is  retried  on
                     failure the same number of attempts as the value.

                 evaluateOnExit -> (list)
                     Array  of  up  to  5  objects that specify the conditions
                     where jobs are retried or failed. If  this  parameter  is
                     specified, then the attempts parameter must also be spec-
                     ified. If none of the listed conditions match,  then  the
                     job is retried.

                     (structure)
                        Specifies  an  array  of up to 5 conditions to be met,
                        and an action to take (RETRY or EXIT ) if  all  condi-
                        tions  are  met.  If none of the EvaluateOnExit condi-
                        tions in a RetryStrategy match, then the  job  is  re-
                        tried.

                        onStatusReason -> (string)
                            Contains  a glob pattern to match against the Sta-
                            tusReason returned for a job. The pattern can con-
                            tain up to 512 characters. It can contain letters,
                            numbers, periods (.), colons (:), and white spaces
                            (including  spaces or tabs). It can optionally end
                            with an asterisk (*) so that only the start of the
                            string needs to be an exact match.

                        onReason -> (string)
                            Contains  a glob pattern to match against the Rea-
                            son returned for a job. The pattern can contain up
                            to  512  characters.  It can contain letters, num-
                            bers, periods (.), colons  (:),  and  white  space
                            (including spaces and tabs). It can optionally end
                            with an asterisk (*) so that only the start of the
                            string needs to be an exact match.

                        onExitCode -> (string)
                            Contains a glob pattern to match against the deci-
                            mal representation of the ExitCode returned for  a
                            job. The pattern can be up to 512 characters long.
                            It can contain only numbers, and can end  with  an
                            asterisk  (*) so that only the start of the string
                            needs to be an exact match.

                            The string can contain up to 512 characters.

                        action -> (string)
                            Specifies the action to take if all of the  speci-
                            fied  conditions  (onStatusReason , onReason , and
                            onExitCode ) are met. The values aren't case  sen-
                            sitive.

              containerProperties -> (structure)
                 An  object  with  various  properties  specific to Amazon ECS
                 based jobs. Valid values are containerProperties , eksProper-
                 ties , and nodeProperties . Only one can be specified.

                 image -> (string)
                     The  image  used  to  start  a  container. This string is
                     passed directly to  the  Docker  daemon.  Images  in  the
                     Docker  Hub  registry  are  available  by  default. Other
                     repositories are specified with `` repository-url  /image
                     :tag  ``  . It can be 255 characters long. It can contain
                     uppercase and lowercase letters,  numbers,  hyphens  (-),
                     underscores (_), colons (:), periods (.), forward slashes
                     (/), and number signs (#). This parameter maps  to  Image
                     in  the  Create  a container section of the Docker Remote
                     API and the IMAGE parameter of docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        Docker image architecture must match the processor ar-
                        chitecture  of  the  compute  resources  that  they're
                        scheduled on. For example, ARM-based Docker images can
                        only run on ARM-based compute resources.

                     o Images  in  Amazon ECR Public repositories use the full
                       registry/repository[:tag]  or  registry/repository[@di-
                       gest] naming conventions. For example,
                       ``
                       public.ecr.aws/registry_alias /my-web-app :latest `` .

                     System Message: WARNING/2 (<string>:, line 488)
                       Inline literal start-string without end-string.

                     o Images in Amazon ECR repositories use the full registry
                       and      repository       URI       (for       example,
                       123456789012.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.amazon-
                       aws.com/<repository-name> ).

                     o Images in official repositories on  Docker  Hub  use  a
                       single name (for example, ubuntu or mongo ).

                     o Images  in  other repositories on Docker Hub are quali-
                       fied with  an  organization  name  (for  example,  ama-
                       zon/amazon-ecs-agent ).

                     o Images  in other online repositories are qualified fur-
                       ther by a domain name (for  example,  quay.io/assembly-
                       line/ubuntu ).

                 vcpus -> (integer)
                     This parameter is deprecated, use resourceRequirements to
                     specify the vCPU requirements  for  the  job  definition.
                     It's not supported for jobs running on Fargate resources.
                     For jobs running on EC2 resources, it specifies the  num-
                     ber of vCPUs reserved for the job.

                     Each vCPU is equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares. This parame-
                     ter maps to CpuShares in the Create a  container  section
                     of  the  Docker Remote API and the --cpu-shares option to
                     docker run . The number of vCPUs must  be  specified  but
                     can  be  specified in several places. You must specify it
                     at least once for each node.

                 memory -> (integer)
                     This parameter is deprecated, use resourceRequirements to
                     specify  the  memory requirements for the job definition.
                     It's not supported for jobs running on Fargate resources.
                     For jobs that run on EC2 resources, it specifies the mem-
                     ory hard limit (in MiB) for a  container.  If  your  con-
                     tainer attempts to exceed the specified number, it's ter-
                     minated. You must specify at least 4 MiB of memory for  a
                     job  using  this  parameter. The memory hard limit can be
                     specified in several places. It  must  be  specified  for
                     each node at least once.

                 command -> (list)
                     The  command that's passed to the container. This parame-
                     ter maps to Cmd in the Create a container section of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the COMMAND parameter to docker run
                     .        For        more         information,         see
                     https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd .

                     (string)

                 jobRoleArn -> (string)
                     The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that the
                     container can assume for Amazon Web Services permissions.
                     For more information, see IAM roles for tasks in the Ama-
                     zon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 executionRoleArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the execution role that
                     Batch can assume. For jobs that run on Fargate resources,
                     you must provide an execution role. For more information,
                     see Batch execution IAM role in the Batch User Guide .

                 volumes -> (list)
                     A list of data volumes used in a job.

                     (structure)
                        A data volume that's used in a job's container proper-
                        ties.

                        host -> (structure)
                            The  contents  of  the  host  parameter  determine
                            whether your data volume persists on the host con-
                            tainer instance and where it's stored. If the host
                            parameter is empty, then the Docker daemon assigns
                            a host path for your  data  volume.  However,  the
                            data  isn't  guaranteed  to persist after the con-
                            tainers that are associated with it stop running.

                            NOTE:
                               This parameter isn't applicable  to  jobs  that
                               are  running on Fargate resources and shouldn't
                               be provided.

                            sourcePath -> (string)
                               The path on the host container instance  that's
                               presented  to  the container. If this parameter
                               is empty, then the Docker daemon has assigned a
                               host path for you. If this parameter contains a
                               file location, then the data volume persists at
                               the  specified  location  on the host container
                               instance until you delete it manually.  If  the
                               source  path location doesn't exist on the host
                               container instance, the Docker  daemon  creates
                               it. If the location does exist, the contents of
                               the source path folder are exported.

                               NOTE:
                                   This parameter  isn't  applicable  to  jobs
                                   that  run  on Fargate resources. Don't pro-
                                   vide this for these jobs.

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the volume. It can be up to 255  char-
                            acters  long.  It can contain uppercase and lower-
                            case letters, numbers,  hyphens  (-),  and  under-
                            scores   (_).  This  name  is  referenced  in  the
                            sourceVolume  parameter  of  container  definition
                            mountPoints .

                        efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                            This  parameter  is specified when you're using an
                            Amazon Elastic File System  file  system  for  job
                            storage.  Jobs  that  are  running  on Fargate re-
                            sources must specify a platformVersion of at least
                            1.4.0 .

                            fileSystemId -> (string)
                               The Amazon EFS file system ID to use.

                            rootDirectory -> (string)
                               The directory within the Amazon EFS file system
                               to mount as the root directory inside the host.
                               If  this  parameter is omitted, the root of the
                               Amazon EFS volume is used instead. Specifying /
                               has the same effect as omitting this parameter.
                               The maximum length is 4,096 characters.

                               WARNING:
                                   If an EFS access point is specified in  the
                                   authorizationConfig  ,  the  root directory
                                   parameter must either be omitted or set  to
                                   / , which enforces the path set on the Ama-
                                   zon EFS access point.

                            transitEncryption -> (string)
                               Determines whether  to  enable  encryption  for
                               Amazon  EFS  data in transit between the Amazon
                               ECS host and the Amazon EFS server. Transit en-
                               cryption  must be enabled if Amazon EFS IAM au-
                               thorization is used. If this parameter is omit-
                               ted, the default value of DISABLED is used. For
                               more information, see Encrypting data in  tran-
                               sit  in  the  Amazon  Elastic  File System User
                               Guide .

                            transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                               The port to use when sending encrypted data be-
                               tween  the  Amazon  ECS host and the Amazon EFS
                               server. If you don't specify a transit  encryp-
                               tion  port, it uses the port selection strategy
                               that the Amazon  EFS  mount  helper  uses.  The
                               value  must  be  between 0 and 65,535. For more
                               information, see EFS mount helper in the Amazon
                               Elastic File System User Guide .

                            authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                               The authorization configuration details for the
                               Amazon EFS file system.

                               accessPointId -> (string)
                                   The Amazon EFS access point ID to  use.  If
                                   an  access point is specified, the root di-
                                   rectory value specified in  the  EFSVolume-
                                   Configuration must either be omitted or set
                                   to / which enforces the path set on the EFS
                                   access  point.  If an access point is used,
                                   transit encryption must be enabled  in  the
                                   EFSVolumeConfiguration  . For more informa-
                                   tion, see Working with  Amazon  EFS  access
                                   points  in  the  Amazon Elastic File System
                                   User Guide .

                               iam -> (string)
                                   Whether or not to use  the  Batch  job  IAM
                                   role  defined  in  a  job  definition  when
                                   mounting the Amazon EFS file system. If en-
                                   abled,  transit  encryption must be enabled
                                   in the EFSVolumeConfiguration . If this pa-
                                   rameter  is  omitted,  the default value of
                                   DISABLED is used. For more information, see
                                   Using Amazon EFS access points in the Batch
                                   User Guide . EFS IAM authorization requires
                                   that  TransitEncryption be ENABLED and that
                                   a JobRoleArn is specified.

                 environment -> (list)
                     The environment variables to pass to  a  container.  This
                     parameter  maps  to Env in the Create a container section
                     of the Docker Remote API and the --env option  to  docker
                     run .

                     WARNING:
                        We  don't  recommend using plaintext environment vari-
                        ables for sensitive information,  such  as  credential
                        data.

                     NOTE:
                        Environment  variables cannot start with "AWS_BATCH ".
                        This naming convention is reserved for variables  that
                        Batch sets.

                     (structure)
                        A key-value pair object.

                        name -> (string)
                            The  name  of  the key-value pair. For environment
                            variables, this is the  name  of  the  environment
                            variable.

                        value -> (string)
                            The  value  of the key-value pair. For environment
                            variables, this is the value  of  the  environment
                            variable.

                 mountPoints -> (list)
                     The mount points for data volumes in your container. This
                     parameter maps to Volumes in the Create a container  sec-
                     tion  of the Docker Remote API and the --volume option to
                     docker run .

                     (structure)
                        Details for a Docker volume mount point that's used in
                        a  job's  container properties. This parameter maps to
                        Volumes in the  Create  a  container  section  of  the
                        Docker  Remote  API  and the --volume option to docker
                        run.

                        containerPath -> (string)
                            The path on the container where the host volume is
                            mounted.

                        readOnly -> (boolean)
                            If   this  value  is  true  ,  the  container  has
                            read-only access to  the  volume.  Otherwise,  the
                            container  can  write  to  the volume. The default
                            value is false .

                        sourceVolume -> (string)
                            The name of the volume to mount.

                 readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter  is  true,  the  container  is  given
                     read-only  access to its root file system. This parameter
                     maps to ReadonlyRootfs in the Create a container  section
                     of  the  Docker  Remote API and the --read-only option to
                     docker run .

                 privileged -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter is true, the container is given  ele-
                     vated permissions on the host container instance (similar
                     to the root user). This parameter maps to  Privileged  in
                     the  Create  a container section of the Docker Remote API
                     and the --privileged option to docker run .  The  default
                     value is false.

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                        ning on Fargate resources and shouldn't  be  provided,
                        or specified as false.

                 ulimits -> (list)
                     A list of ulimits to set in the container. This parameter
                     maps to Ulimits in the Create a container section of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the --ulimit option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                        ning on Fargate resources and shouldn't be provided.

                     (structure)
                        The ulimit settings to pass to the container.

                        NOTE:
                            This object isn't applicable to jobs that are run-
                            ning on Fargate resources.

                        hardLimit -> (integer)
                            The hard limit for the ulimit type.

                        name -> (string)
                            The type of the ulimit .

                        softLimit -> (integer)
                            The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                 user -> (string)
                     The user name to use inside the container. This parameter
                     maps to User in the Create a  container  section  of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the --user option to docker run .

                 instanceType -> (string)
                     The  instance  type to use for a multi-node parallel job.
                     All node groups in a multi-node parallel job must use the
                     same instance type.

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  isn't  applicable to single-node con-
                        tainer jobs or jobs that run on Fargate resources, and
                        shouldn't be provided.

                 resourceRequirements -> (list)
                     The  type  and  amount  of  resources to assign to a con-
                     tainer. The supported resources include GPU  ,  MEMORY  ,
                     and VCPU .

                     (structure)
                        The  type and amount of a resource to assign to a con-
                        tainer. The supported resources include GPU , MEMORY ,
                        and VCPU .

                        value -> (string)
                            The  quantity of the specified resource to reserve
                            for the container. The values vary  based  on  the
                            type specified.
                               type="GPU"

                            The  number  of  physical  GPUs to reserve for the
                            container. Make sure that the number of  GPUs  re-
                            served  for all containers in a job doesn't exceed
                            the number of available GPUs on  the  compute  re-
                            source that the job is launched on.

                            NOTE:
                               GPUs aren't available for jobs that are running
                               on Fargate resources.

                               type="MEMORY"

                            The memory hard limit (in MiB) present to the con-
                            tainer.  This parameter is supported for jobs that
                            are running on EC2 resources.  If  your  container
                            attempts  to exceed the memory specified, the con-
                            tainer is terminated. This parameter maps to  Mem-
                            ory  in  the  Create  a  container  section of the
                            Docker Remote  API  and  the  --memory  option  to
                            docker  run  .  You must specify at least 4 MiB of
                            memory for a job. This  is  required  but  can  be
                            specified  in several places for multi-node paral-
                            lel (MNP) jobs. It must be specified for each node
                            at  least  once.  This parameter maps to Memory in
                            the Create a container section of the  Docker  Re-
                            mote API and the --memory option to docker run .

                            NOTE:
                               If you're trying to maximize your resource uti-
                               lization by providing your jobs as much  memory
                               as possible for a particular instance type, see
                               Memory management in the Batch User Guide .

                            For jobs that are running  on  Fargate  resources,
                            then  value  is  the hard limit (in MiB), and must
                            match one of the supported  values  and  the  VCPU
                            values  must  be  one  of the values supported for
                            that memory value.
                                   value = 512

                               VCPU = 0.25
                                   value = 1024

                               VCPU = 0.25 or 0.5
                                   value = 2048

                               VCPU = 0.25, 0.5, or 1
                                   value = 3072

                               VCPU = 0.5, or 1
                                   value = 4096

                               VCPU = 0.5, 1, or 2
                                   value = 5120, 6144, or 7168

                               VCPU = 1 or 2
                                   value = 8192

                               VCPU = 1, 2, or 4
                                   value = 9216, 10240, 11264,  12288,  13312,
                                   14336, or 15360

                               VCPU = 2 or 4
                                   value = 16384

                               VCPU = 2, 4, or 8
                                   value  = 17408, 18432, 19456, 21504, 22528,
                                   23552, 25600, 26624, 27648, 29696, or 30720

                               VCPU = 4
                                   value = 20480, 24576, or 28672

                               VCPU = 4 or 8
                                   value = 36864, 45056, 53248, or 61440

                               VCPU = 8
                                   value = 32768, 40960, 49152, or 57344

                               VCPU = 8 or 16
                                   value = 65536, 73728, 81920, 90112,  98304,
                                   106496, 114688, or 122880

                               VCPU = 16
                                   type="VCPU"

                            The  number  of  vCPUs reserved for the container.
                            This parameter maps to CpuShares in the  Create  a
                            container section of the Docker Remote API and the
                            --cpu-shares option to docker run . Each  vCPU  is
                            equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares. For EC2 resources,
                            you must specify at least one vCPU.  This  is  re-
                            quired  but can be specified in several places; it
                            must be specified for each node at least once.

                            The default for the  Fargate  On-Demand  vCPU  re-
                            source  count  quota is 6 vCPUs. For more informa-
                            tion about Fargate quotas, see Fargate  quotas  in
                            the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

                            For  jobs  that  are running on Fargate resources,
                            then value must match one of the supported  values
                            and  the  MEMORY  values must be one of the values
                            supported for that VCPU value. The supported  val-
                            ues are 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16
                                   value = 0.25

                               MEMORY = 512, 1024, or 2048
                                   value = 0.5

                               MEMORY = 1024, 2048, 3072, or 4096
                                   value = 1

                               MEMORY = 2048, 3072, 4096, 5120, 6144, 7168, or
                               8192
                                   value = 2

                               MEMORY = 4096, 5120, 6144,  7168,  8192,  9216,
                               10240,  11264,  12288,  13312, 14336, 15360, or
                               16384
                                   value = 4

                               MEMORY  =  8192,  9216,  10240,  11264,  12288,
                               13312,   14336,  15360,  16384,  17408,  18432,
                               19456,  20480,  21504,  22528,  23552,   24576,
                               25600, 26624, 27648, 28672, 29696, or 30720
                                   value = 8

                               MEMORY  =  16384,  20480,  24576, 28672, 32768,
                               36864, 40960, 45056, 49152,  53248,  57344,  or
                               61440
                                   value = 16

                               MEMORY  =  32768,  40960,  49152, 57344, 65536,
                               73728, 81920, 90112, 98304, 106496, 114688,  or
                               122880

                        type -> (string)
                            The type of resource to assign to a container. The
                            supported resources include GPU  ,  MEMORY  ,  and
                            VCPU .

                 linuxParameters -> (structure)
                     Linux-specific modifications that are applied to the con-
                     tainer, such as details for device mappings.

                     devices -> (list)
                        Any of the host devices to expose  to  the  container.
                        This  parameter  maps  to Devices in the Create a con-
                        tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the  --de-
                        vice option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This  parameter  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                        (structure)
                            An  object  that  represents  a container instance
                            host device.

                            NOTE:
                               This object isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                               running  on  Fargate resources and shouldn't be
                               provided.

                            hostPath -> (string)
                               The path for the device on the  host  container
                               instance.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The  path  inside  the container that's used to
                               expose the host device. By default,  the  host-
                               Path value is used.

                            permissions -> (list)
                               The explicit permissions to provide to the con-
                               tainer for the device.  By  default,  the  con-
                               tainer  has  permissions for read , write , and
                               mknod for the device.

                               (string)

                     initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                        If true, run an init process inside the container that
                        forwards  signals  and reaps processes. This parameter
                        maps to the --init option to docker run . This parame-
                        ter  requires version 1.25 of the Docker Remote API or
                        greater on  your  container  instance.  To  check  the
                        Docker  Remote API version on your container instance,
                        log in to your container instance and run the  follow-
                        ing  command:  sudo  docker version | grep "Server API
                        version"

                     sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                        The value for the size (in MiB) of the  /dev/shm  vol-
                        ume.  This  parameter maps to the --shm-size option to
                        docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                     tmpfs -> (list)
                        The container path, mount options, and size  (in  MiB)
                        of the tmpfs mount. This parameter maps to the --tmpfs
                        option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running  on  Fargate resources. Don't provide this
                            parameter for this resource type.

                        (structure)
                            The container path, mount options, and size of the
                            tmpfs mount.

                            NOTE:
                               This  object  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                               running on Fargate resources.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The absolute file path in the  container  where
                               the tmpfs volume is mounted.

                            size -> (integer)
                               The size (in MiB) of the tmpfs volume.

                            mountOptions -> (list)
                               The list of tmpfs volume mount options.

                               Valid  values:  "defaults  "  | "ro " | "rw " |
                               "suid " | "nosuid " | "dev " | "nodev " | "exec
                               " | "noexec " | "sync " | "async " | "dirsync "
                               | "remount " | "mand " | "nomand " | "atime " |
                               "noatime  "  |  "diratime  "  | "nodiratime " |
                               "bind " | "rbind" |  "unbindable"  |  "runbind-
                               able"  |  "private"  |  "rprivate" | "shared" |
                               "rshared" | "slave" | "rslave" | "relatime "  |
                               "norelatime " | "strictatime " | "nostrictatime
                               " | "mode " | "uid " | "gid " | "nr_inodes "  |
                               "nr_blocks " | "mpol "

                               (string)

                     maxSwap -> (integer)
                        The  total  amount of swap memory (in MiB) a container
                        can use. This parameter is translated  to  the  --mem-
                        ory-swap  option  to docker run where the value is the
                        sum of the container memory plus  the  maxSwap  value.
                        For  more  information, see ` --memory-swap details <-
                        https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/re-
                        source_constraints/#--memory-swap-details>`__  in  the
                        Docker documentation.

                        If a maxSwap value of 0 is  specified,  the  container
                        doesn't  use  swap. Accepted values are 0 or any posi-
                        tive integer. If the maxSwap parameter is omitted, the
                        container  doesn't  use the swap configuration for the
                        container instance that it's  running  on.  A  maxSwap
                        value  must  be set for the swappiness parameter to be
                        used.

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter isn't applicable to jobs  that  are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                     swappiness -> (integer)
                        You can use this parameter to tune a container's  mem-
                        ory  swappiness  behavior.  A  swappiness  value  of 0
                        causes swapping to not occur unless absolutely  neces-
                        sary.  A  swappiness  value  of 100 causes pages to be
                        swapped aggressively. Valid values are  whole  numbers
                        between  0 and 100 . If the swappiness parameter isn't
                        specified, a default value of 60 is used. If  a  value
                        isn't  specified  for maxSwap , then this parameter is
                        ignored. If maxSwap is set to 0, the container doesn't
                        use  swap. This parameter maps to the --memory-swappi-
                        ness option to docker run .

                        Consider the following when you  use  a  per-container
                        swap configuration.

                        o Swap space must be enabled and allocated on the con-
                          tainer instance for the containers to use.

                        NOTE:
                            By default, the Amazon ECS  optimized  AMIs  don't
                            have swap enabled. You must enable swap on the in-
                            stance to use this feature. For more  information,
                            see  Instance store swap volumes in the Amazon EC2
                            User Guide for Linux Instances or How do  I  allo-
                            cate memory to work as swap space in an Amazon EC2
                            instance by using a swap file?

                        o The swap space parameters are only supported for job
                          definitions using EC2 resources.

                        o If the maxSwap and swappiness parameters are omitted
                          from a job definition, each container has a  default
                          swappiness value of 60. Moreover, the total swap us-
                          age is limited to two times the  memory  reservation
                          of the container.

                        NOTE:
                            This  parameter  isn't applicable to jobs that are
                            running on Fargate resources. Don't provide it for
                            these jobs.

                 logConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The log configuration specification for the container.

                     This  parameter  maps  to  LogConfig in the Create a con-
                     tainer  section  of  the  Docker  Remote  API   and   the
                     --log-driver  option to docker run . By default, contain-
                     ers use the same logging driver that  the  Docker  daemon
                     uses. However the container might use a different logging
                     driver than the Docker daemon by specifying a log  driver
                     with this parameter in the container definition. To use a
                     different logging driver for a container, the log  system
                     must be configured properly on the container instance (or
                     on a different log server for  remote  logging  options).
                     For  more  information  on the options for different sup-
                     ported log drivers, see Configure logging drivers in  the
                     Docker documentation.

                     NOTE:
                        Batch currently supports a subset of the logging driv-
                        ers available to the Docker daemon (shown in the  Log-
                        Configuration data type).

                     This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote
                     API or greater on your container instance. To  check  the
                     Docker Remote API version on your container instance, log
                     in to your container instance and run the following  com-
                     mand: sudo docker version | grep "Server API version"

                     NOTE:
                        The  Amazon ECS container agent running on a container
                        instance must register the logging  drivers  available
                        on  that instance with the ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIV-
                        ERS environment variable before containers  placed  on
                        that instance can use these log configuration options.
                        For more information, see Amazon ECS  container  agent
                        configuration  in the Amazon Elastic Container Service
                        Developer Guide .

                     logDriver -> (string)
                        The log driver to use for  the  container.  The  valid
                        values  that  are  listed  for  this parameter are log
                        drivers that the Amazon ECS container agent can commu-
                        nicate with by default.

                        The supported log drivers are awslogs , fluentd , gelf
                        , json-file , journald , logentries  ,  syslog  ,  and
                        splunk .

                        NOTE:
                            Jobs that are running on Fargate resources are re-
                            stricted to the awslogs and splunk log drivers.

                            awslogs

                        Specifies the Amazon CloudWatch Logs  logging  driver.
                        For more information, see Using the awslogs log driver
                        in the Batch User Guide  and  Amazon  CloudWatch  Logs
                        logging driver in the Docker documentation.
                            fluentd

                        Specifies  the Fluentd logging driver. For more infor-
                        mation including usage and options, see  Fluentd  log-
                        ging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            gelf

                        Specifies  the  Graylog Extended Format (GELF) logging
                        driver. For more information including usage  and  op-
                        tions,  see  Graylog Extended Format logging driver in
                        the Docker documentation .
                            journald

                        Specifies the journald logging driver. For more infor-
                        mation  including usage and options, see Journald log-
                        ging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            json-file

                        Specifies the JSON file logging driver. For  more  in-
                        formation  including  usage and options, see JSON File
                        logging driver in the Docker documentation .
                            splunk

                        Specifies the Splunk logging driver. For more informa-
                        tion  including  usage and options, see Splunk logging
                        driver in the Docker documentation .
                            syslog

                        Specifies the syslog logging driver. For more informa-
                        tion  including  usage and options, see Syslog logging
                        driver in the Docker documentation .

                        NOTE:
                            If you have a custom driver that's not listed ear-
                            lier  that  you  want  to work with the Amazon ECS
                            container agent, you can fork the Amazon ECS  con-
                            tainer  agent  project  that's available on GitHub
                            and customize it to work with that driver. We  en-
                            courage  you  to  submit pull requests for changes
                            that you want to have  included.  However,  Amazon
                            Web  Services  doesn't  currently  support running
                            modified copies of this software.

                        This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Re-
                        mote  API  or  greater  on your container instance. To
                        check the Docker Remote API version on your  container
                        instance,  log  in  to your container instance and run
                        the following command:  sudo  docker  version  |  grep
                        "Server API version"

                     options -> (map)
                        The  configuration  options to send to the log driver.
                        This parameter requires version 1.19 of the Docker Re-
                        mote  API  or  greater  on your container instance. To
                        check the Docker Remote API version on your  container
                        instance,  log  in  to your container instance and run
                        the following command:  sudo  docker  version  |  grep
                        "Server API version"

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

                     secretOptions -> (list)
                        The secrets to pass to the log configuration. For more
                        information, see  Specifying  sensitive  data  in  the
                        Batch User Guide .

                        (structure)
                            An  object that represents the secret to expose to
                            your container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  con-
                            tainer in the following ways:

                            o To inject sensitive data into your containers as
                              environment variables, use the secrets container
                              definition parameter.

                            o To  reference  sensitive  information in the log
                              configuration of a container, use the  secretOp-
                              tions container definition parameter.

                            For  more  information,  see  Specifying sensitive
                            data in the Batch User Guide .

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the secret.

                            valueFrom -> (string)
                               The secret to expose to the container. The sup-
                               ported  values  are  either the full Amazon Re-
                               source Name (ARN) of the Secrets Manager secret
                               or  the full ARN of the parameter in the Amazon
                               Web Services Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                               NOTE:
                                   If the Amazon Web Services Systems  Manager
                                   Parameter  Store  parameter  exists  in the
                                   same Region as the  job  you're  launching,
                                   then you can use either the full Amazon Re-
                                   source Name (ARN) or name of the parameter.
                                   If  the parameter exists in a different Re-
                                   gion, then the full ARN must be specified.

                 secrets -> (list)
                     The secrets for the container. For more information,  see
                     Specifying sensitive data in the Batch User Guide .

                     (structure)
                        An object that represents the secret to expose to your
                        container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  container  in
                        the following ways:

                        o To inject sensitive data into your containers as en-
                          vironment variables, use the secrets container defi-
                          nition parameter.

                        o To  reference  sensitive information in the log con-
                          figuration of a  container,  use  the  secretOptions
                          container definition parameter.

                        For more information, see Specifying sensitive data in
                        the Batch User Guide .

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the secret.

                        valueFrom -> (string)
                            The secret to expose to the  container.  The  sup-
                            ported  values are either the full Amazon Resource
                            Name (ARN) of the Secrets Manager  secret  or  the
                            full  ARN  of the parameter in the Amazon Web Ser-
                            vices Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                            NOTE:
                               If the Amazon Web Services Systems Manager  Pa-
                               rameter  Store parameter exists in the same Re-
                               gion as the job you're launching, then you  can
                               use  either the full Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
                               or name of the parameter. If the parameter  ex-
                               ists  in  a different Region, then the full ARN
                               must be specified.

                 networkConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The network configuration for jobs that  are  running  on
                     Fargate resources. Jobs that are running on EC2 resources
                     must not specify this parameter.

                     assignPublicIp -> (string)
                        Indicates whether the job has a public IP address. For
                        a job that's running on Fargate resources in a private
                        subnet to send outbound traffic to the  internet  (for
                        example, to pull container images), the private subnet
                        requires a NAT gateway be attached to  route  requests
                        to  the internet. For more information, see Amazon ECS
                        task networking in the Amazon Elastic  Container  Ser-
                        vice  Developer Guide . The default value is "DISABLED
                        ".

                 fargatePlatformConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The platform configuration for jobs that are  running  on
                     Fargate resources. Jobs that are running on EC2 resources
                     must not specify this parameter.

                     platformVersion -> (string)
                        The Fargate platform version where the jobs  are  run-
                        ning.  A  platform  version is specified only for jobs
                        that are running on Fargate resources.  If  one  isn't
                        specified,  the LATEST platform version is used by de-
                        fault. This uses a recent,  approved  version  of  the
                        Fargate  platform  for compute resources. For more in-
                        formation, see Fargate platform versions in the Amazon
                        Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 ephemeralStorage -> (structure)
                     The amount of ephemeral storage to allocate for the task.
                     This parameter is used to  expand  the  total  amount  of
                     ephemeral  storage  available, beyond the default amount,
                     for tasks hosted on Fargate.

                     sizeInGiB -> (integer)
                        The total amount, in GiB, of ephemeral storage to  set
                        for  the  task.  The minimum supported value is 21 GiB
                        and the maximum supported value is 200 GiB.

                 runtimePlatform -> (structure)
                     An object that represents the compute environment  archi-
                     tecture for Batch jobs on Fargate.

                     operatingSystemFamily -> (string)
                        The  operating  system  for  the  compute environment.
                        Valid    values    are:    LINUX    (default),    WIN-
                        DOWS_SERVER_2019_CORE   ,  WINDOWS_SERVER_2019_FULL  ,
                        WINDOWS_SERVER_2022_CORE       ,       and        WIN-
                        DOWS_SERVER_2022_FULL .

                        NOTE:
                            The  following  parameters cant be set for Windows
                            containers: linuxParameters , privileged , user  ,
                            ulimits  , readonlyRootFilesystem , and efsVolume-
                            Configuration .

                        NOTE:
                            The Batch Scheduler checks  before  registering  a
                            task  definition with Fargate. If the job requires
                            a Windows container and the first compute environ-
                            ment is LINUX , the compute environment is skipped
                            and the next is checked until a Windows-based com-
                            pute environment is found.

                        NOTE:
                            Fargate  Spot  is  not supported for Windows-based
                            containers on Fargate. A job queue will be blocked
                            if  a  Fargate  Windows  job is submitted to a job
                            queue with only Fargate Spot compute environments.
                            However,  you  can  attach  both  FARGATE and FAR-
                            GATE_SPOT compute environments  to  the  same  job
                            queue.

                     cpuArchitecture -> (string)
                        The  vCPU  architecture. The default value is X86_64 .
                        Valid values are X86_64 and ARM64 .

                        NOTE:
                            This parameter must be set to X86_64  for  Windows
                            containers.

              timeout -> (structure)
                 The  timeout  time  for jobs that are submitted with this job
                 definition. After the amount  of  time  you  specify  passes,
                 Batch terminates your jobs if they aren't finished.

                 attemptDurationSeconds -> (integer)
                     The  job  timeout  time (in seconds) that's measured from
                     the job attempt's startedAt timestamp.  After  this  time
                     passes,  Batch  terminates  your jobs if they aren't fin-
                     ished. The minimum value for the timeout is 60 seconds.

                     For array jobs, the timeout applies to  the  child  jobs,
                     not to the parent array job.

                     For  multi-node  parallel (MNP) jobs, the timeout applies
                     to the whole job, not to the individual nodes.

              nodeProperties -> (structure)
                 An object  with  various  properties  that  are  specific  to
                 multi-node  parallel  jobs. Valid values are containerProper-
                 ties , eksProperties , and nodeProperties . Only one  can  be
                 specified.

                 NOTE:
                     If the job runs on Fargate resources, don't specify node-
                     Properties . Use containerProperties instead.

                 numNodes -> (integer)
                     The number of nodes that are associated with a multi-node
                     parallel job.

                 mainNode -> (integer)
                     Specifies   the  node  index  for  the  main  node  of  a
                     multi-node parallel job. This node index  value  must  be
                     fewer than the number of nodes.

                 nodeRangeProperties -> (list)
                     A list of node ranges and their properties that are asso-
                     ciated with a multi-node parallel job.

                     (structure)
                        An object that represents the properties of  the  node
                        range for a multi-node parallel job.

                        targetNodes -> (string)
                            The  range  of  nodes,  using node index values. A
                            range of 0:3 indicates nodes with index values  of
                            0 through 3 . If the starting range value is omit-
                            ted (:n ), then 0 is used to start the  range.  If
                            the  ending range value is omitted (n: ), then the
                            highest possible node index is  used  to  end  the
                            range.  Your accumulative node ranges must account
                            for all nodes (0:n ). You  can  nest  node  ranges
                            (for  example,  0:10  and 4:5 ). In this case, the
                            4:5 range properties override the 0:10 properties.

                        container -> (structure)
                            The container details for the node range.

                            image -> (string)
                               The image  used  to  start  a  container.  This
                               string is passed directly to the Docker daemon.
                               Images in the Docker Hub registry are available
                               by  default.  Other  repositories are specified
                               with `` repository-url /image :tag `` . It  can
                               be  255  characters long. It can contain upper-
                               case and lowercase  letters,  numbers,  hyphens
                               (-),  underscores (_), colons (:), periods (.),
                               forward slashes (/), and number signs (#). This
                               parameter  maps  to  Image in the Create a con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               IMAGE parameter of docker run .

                               NOTE:
                                   Docker  image  architecture  must match the
                                   processor architecture of the  compute  re-
                                   sources  that they're scheduled on. For ex-
                                   ample, ARM-based Docker images can only run
                                   on ARM-based compute resources.

                               o Images  in Amazon ECR Public repositories use
                                 the full  registry/repository[:tag]  or  reg-
                                 istry/repository[@digest] naming conventions.
                                 For example,
                                 ``
                                 public.ecr.aws/registry_alias     /my-web-app
                                 :latest `` .

                               System   Message:  WARNING/2  (<string>:,  line
                               1892)
                                 Inline    literal    start-string     without
                                 end-string.

                               o Images  in  Amazon  ECR  repositories use the
                                 full registry and repository URI  (for  exam-
                                 ple,  123456789012.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.ama-
                                 zonaws.com/<repository-name> ).

                               o Images in official repositories on Docker Hub
                                 use  a  single  name  (for example, ubuntu or
                                 mongo ).

                               o Images in other repositories  on  Docker  Hub
                                 are  qualified with an organization name (for
                                 example, amazon/amazon-ecs-agent ).

                               o Images in other online repositories are qual-
                                 ified  further by a domain name (for example,
                                 quay.io/assemblyline/ubuntu ).

                            vcpus -> (integer)
                               This   parameter   is   deprecated,   use   re-
                               sourceRequirements to specify the vCPU require-
                               ments for the job  definition.  It's  not  sup-
                               ported  for  jobs running on Fargate resources.
                               For jobs running on EC2 resources, it specifies
                               the number of vCPUs reserved for the job.

                               Each  vCPU  is  equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares.
                               This parameter maps to CpuShares in the  Create
                               a  container  section  of the Docker Remote API
                               and the --cpu-shares option to docker run . The
                               number  of  vCPUs  must be specified but can be
                               specified in several places. You  must  specify
                               it at least once for each node.

                            memory -> (integer)
                               This   parameter   is   deprecated,   use   re-
                               sourceRequirements to specify  the  memory  re-
                               quirements  for  the  job  definition. It's not
                               supported  for  jobs  running  on  Fargate  re-
                               sources. For jobs that run on EC2 resources, it
                               specifies the memory hard limit (in MiB) for  a
                               container. If your container attempts to exceed
                               the specified number, it's terminated. You must
                               specify  at least 4 MiB of memory for a job us-
                               ing this parameter. The memory hard  limit  can
                               be  specified  in  several  places.  It must be
                               specified for each node at least once.

                            command -> (list)
                               The command that's  passed  to  the  container.
                               This parameter maps to Cmd in the Create a con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               COMMAND  parameter to docker run . For more in-
                               formation,                                  see
                               https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd
                               .

                               (string)

                            jobRoleArn -> (string)
                               The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM  role
                               that  the  container  can assume for Amazon Web
                               Services permissions. For more information, see
                               IAM  roles for tasks in the Amazon Elastic Con-
                               tainer Service Developer Guide .

                            executionRoleArn -> (string)
                               The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the execution
                               role  that  Batch can assume. For jobs that run
                               on Fargate resources, you must provide an  exe-
                               cution  role.  For  more information, see Batch
                               execution IAM role in the Batch User Guide .

                            volumes -> (list)
                               A list of data volumes used in a job.

                               (structure)
                                   A data volume that's used in a  job's  con-
                                   tainer properties.

                                   host -> (structure)
                                      The  contents  of the host parameter de-
                                      termine whether your  data  volume  per-
                                      sists on the host container instance and
                                      where it's stored. If the host parameter
                                      is empty, then the Docker daemon assigns
                                      a host path for your data  volume.  How-
                                      ever,  the data isn't guaranteed to per-
                                      sist after the containers that are asso-
                                      ciated with it stop running.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This  parameter  isn't applicable to
                                          jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                          sources and shouldn't be provided.

                                      sourcePath -> (string)
                                          The  path  on the host container in-
                                          stance that's presented to the  con-
                                          tainer.  If this parameter is empty,
                                          then the Docker daemon has  assigned
                                          a host path for you. If this parame-
                                          ter contains a file  location,  then
                                          the  data  volume  persists  at  the
                                          specified location on the host  con-
                                          tainer  instance until you delete it
                                          manually. If the source  path  loca-
                                          tion  doesn't exist on the host con-
                                          tainer instance, the  Docker  daemon
                                          creates it. If the location does ex-
                                          ist, the contents of the source path
                                          folder are exported.

                                          NOTE:
                                             This  parameter  isn't applicable
                                             to jobs that run on  Fargate  re-
                                             sources.  Don't  provide this for
                                             these jobs.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the volume. It can be up  to
                                      255  characters long. It can contain up-
                                      percase and lowercase letters,  numbers,
                                      hyphens  (-),  and underscores (_). This
                                      name is referenced in  the  sourceVolume
                                      parameter of container definition mount-
                                      Points .

                                   efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                                      This parameter is specified when  you're
                                      using an Amazon Elastic File System file
                                      system for job storage.  Jobs  that  are
                                      running  on Fargate resources must spec-
                                      ify a platformVersion of at least  1.4.0
                                      .

                                      fileSystemId -> (string)
                                          The  Amazon  EFS  file  system ID to
                                          use.

                                      rootDirectory -> (string)
                                          The directory within the Amazon  EFS
                                          file system to mount as the root di-
                                          rectory inside the host. If this pa-
                                          rameter  is omitted, the root of the
                                          Amazon EFS volume is  used  instead.
                                          Specifying  / has the same effect as
                                          omitting this parameter. The maximum
                                          length is 4,096 characters.

                                          WARNING:
                                             If  an EFS access point is speci-
                                             fied in the authorizationConfig ,
                                             the root directory parameter must
                                             either be omitted or set to  /  ,
                                             which  enforces  the  path set on
                                             the Amazon EFS access point.

                                      transitEncryption -> (string)
                                          Determines whether to enable encryp-
                                          tion  for Amazon EFS data in transit
                                          between the Amazon ECS host and  the
                                          Amazon  EFS  server. Transit encryp-
                                          tion must be enabled if  Amazon  EFS
                                          IAM  authorization  is used. If this
                                          parameter is  omitted,  the  default
                                          value  of DISABLED is used. For more
                                          information, see Encrypting data  in
                                          transit  in  the Amazon Elastic File
                                          System User Guide .

                                      transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                                          The port to  use  when  sending  en-
                                          crypted  data between the Amazon ECS
                                          host and the Amazon EFS  server.  If
                                          you  don't specify a transit encryp-
                                          tion port, it uses the  port  selec-
                                          tion  strategy  that  the Amazon EFS
                                          mount helper uses. The value must be
                                          between  0  and 65,535. For more in-
                                          formation, see EFS mount  helper  in
                                          the  Amazon Elastic File System User
                                          Guide .

                                      authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                                          The authorization configuration  de-
                                          tails  for  the Amazon EFS file sys-
                                          tem.

                                          accessPointId -> (string)
                                             The Amazon EFS access point ID to
                                             use. If an access point is speci-
                                             fied, the  root  directory  value
                                             specified in the EFSVolumeConfig-
                                             uration must either be omitted or
                                             set  to / which enforces the path
                                             set on the EFS access  point.  If
                                             an  access point is used, transit
                                             encryption must be enabled in the
                                             EFSVolumeConfiguration . For more
                                             information,  see  Working   with
                                             Amazon  EFS  access points in the
                                             Amazon Elastic File  System  User
                                             Guide .

                                          iam -> (string)
                                             Whether  or  not to use the Batch
                                             job IAM role  defined  in  a  job
                                             definition when mounting the Ama-
                                             zon EFS file system. If  enabled,
                                             transit  encryption  must  be en-
                                             abled in the  EFSVolumeConfigura-
                                             tion . If this parameter is omit-
                                             ted, the default  value  of  DIS-
                                             ABLED  is used. For more informa-
                                             tion, see Using Amazon EFS access
                                             points  in the Batch User Guide .
                                             EFS  IAM  authorization  requires
                                             that TransitEncryption be ENABLED
                                             and that a JobRoleArn  is  speci-
                                             fied.

                            environment -> (list)
                               The  environment  variables  to  pass to a con-
                               tainer. This  parameter  maps  to  Env  in  the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --env option to docker run .

                               WARNING:
                                   We don't recommend using plaintext environ-
                                   ment  variables  for sensitive information,
                                   such as credential data.

                               NOTE:
                                   Environment  variables  cannot  start  with
                                   "AWS_BATCH ". This naming convention is re-
                                   served for variables that Batch sets.

                               (structure)
                                   A key-value pair object.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the key-value pair. For  en-
                                      vironment variables, this is the name of
                                      the environment variable.

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The value of the key-value pair. For en-
                                      vironment  variables,  this is the value
                                      of the environment variable.

                            mountPoints -> (list)
                               The mount points for data volumes in your  con-
                               tainer.  This  parameter maps to Volumes in the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --volume option to docker run .

                               (structure)
                                   Details  for  a  Docker  volume mount point
                                   that's used in a  job's  container  proper-
                                   ties. This parameter maps to Volumes in the
                                   Create a container section  of  the  Docker
                                   Remote  API  and  the  --volume  option  to
                                   docker run.

                                   containerPath -> (string)
                                      The path on the container where the host
                                      volume is mounted.

                                   readOnly -> (boolean)
                                      If  this  value  is true , the container
                                      has read-only access to the volume. Oth-
                                      erwise,  the  container can write to the
                                      volume. The default value is false .

                                   sourceVolume -> (string)
                                      The name of the volume to mount.

                            readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                               When this parameter is true, the  container  is
                               given read-only access to its root file system.
                               This parameter maps to  ReadonlyRootfs  in  the
                               Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                               API and the --read-only option to docker run .

                            privileged -> (boolean)
                               When this parameter is true, the  container  is
                               given  elevated  permissions  on  the host con-
                               tainer instance (similar  to  the  root  user).
                               This parameter maps to Privileged in the Create
                               a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API
                               and the --privileged option to docker run . The
                               default value is false.

                               NOTE:
                                   This parameter  isn't  applicable  to  jobs
                                   that  are  running on Fargate resources and
                                   shouldn't  be  provided,  or  specified  as
                                   false.

                            ulimits -> (list)
                               A list of ulimits to set in the container. This
                               parameter maps to Ulimits in the Create a  con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               --ulimit option to docker run .

                               NOTE:
                                   This parameter  isn't  applicable  to  jobs
                                   that  are  running on Fargate resources and
                                   shouldn't be provided.

                               (structure)
                                   The ulimit settings to  pass  to  the  con-
                                   tainer.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  object  isn't  applicable  to jobs
                                      that are running on Fargate resources.

                                   hardLimit -> (integer)
                                      The hard limit for the ulimit type.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The type of the ulimit .

                                   softLimit -> (integer)
                                      The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                            user -> (string)
                               The user name to use inside the container. This
                               parameter  maps  to  User  in the Create a con-
                               tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the
                               --user option to docker run .

                            instanceType -> (string)
                               The  instance type to use for a multi-node par-
                               allel job. All node groups in a multi-node par-
                               allel job must use the same instance type.

                               NOTE:
                                   This  parameter  isn't  applicable  to sin-
                                   gle-node container jobs or jobs that run on
                                   Fargate  resources,  and  shouldn't be pro-
                                   vided.

                            resourceRequirements -> (list)
                               The type and amount of resources to assign to a
                               container.  The supported resources include GPU
                               , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                               (structure)
                                   The type and amount of a resource to assign
                                   to a container. The supported resources in-
                                   clude GPU , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The quantity of the  specified  resource
                                      to reserve for the container. The values
                                      vary based on the type specified.
                                          type="GPU"

                                      The number of physical GPUs  to  reserve
                                      for  the  container.  Make sure that the
                                      number of GPUs reserved for all contain-
                                      ers  in  a job doesn't exceed the number
                                      of available GPUs  on  the  compute  re-
                                      source that the job is launched on.

                                      NOTE:
                                          GPUs  aren't available for jobs that
                                          are running on Fargate resources.

                                          type="MEMORY"

                                      The memory hard limit (in  MiB)  present
                                      to the container. This parameter is sup-
                                      ported for jobs that are running on  EC2
                                      resources. If your container attempts to
                                      exceed the memory  specified,  the  con-
                                      tainer  is  terminated.  This  parameter
                                      maps to Memory in the Create a container
                                      section of the Docker Remote API and the
                                      --memory option to docker run . You must
                                      specify  at  least 4 MiB of memory for a
                                      job. This is required but can be  speci-
                                      fied  in  several  places for multi-node
                                      parallel (MNP) jobs. It must  be  speci-
                                      fied  for  each node at least once. This
                                      parameter maps to Memory in the Create a
                                      container  section  of the Docker Remote
                                      API and the --memory  option  to  docker
                                      run .

                                      NOTE:
                                          If  you're  trying  to maximize your
                                          resource  utilization  by  providing
                                          your jobs as much memory as possible
                                          for a particular instance type,  see
                                          Memory  management in the Batch User
                                          Guide .

                                      For jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                      sources,  then  value  is the hard limit
                                      (in MiB), and must match one of the sup-
                                      ported  values  and the VCPU values must
                                      be one of the values supported for  that
                                      memory value.
                                             value = 512

                                          VCPU = 0.25
                                             value = 1024

                                          VCPU = 0.25 or 0.5
                                             value = 2048

                                          VCPU = 0.25, 0.5, or 1
                                             value = 3072

                                          VCPU = 0.5, or 1
                                             value = 4096

                                          VCPU = 0.5, 1, or 2
                                             value = 5120, 6144, or 7168

                                          VCPU = 1 or 2
                                             value = 8192

                                          VCPU = 1, 2, or 4
                                             value   =   9216,  10240,  11264,
                                             12288, 13312, 14336, or 15360

                                          VCPU = 2 or 4
                                             value = 16384

                                          VCPU = 2, 4, or 8
                                             value  =  17408,  18432,   19456,
                                             21504,   22528,   23552,   25600,
                                             26624, 27648, 29696, or 30720

                                          VCPU = 4
                                             value = 20480, 24576, or 28672

                                          VCPU = 4 or 8
                                             value = 36864, 45056,  53248,  or
                                             61440

                                          VCPU = 8
                                             value  =  32768, 40960, 49152, or
                                             57344

                                          VCPU = 8 or 16
                                             value  =  65536,  73728,   81920,
                                             90112,  98304, 106496, 114688, or
                                             122880

                                          VCPU = 16
                                             type="VCPU"

                                      The number of  vCPUs  reserved  for  the
                                      container.   This   parameter   maps  to
                                      CpuShares in the Create a container sec-
                                      tion  of  the  Docker Remote API and the
                                      --cpu-shares option to docker run . Each
                                      vCPU  is equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares.
                                      For EC2 resources, you must  specify  at
                                      least one vCPU. This is required but can
                                      be specified in several places; it  must
                                      be  specified  for  each  node  at least
                                      once.

                                      The default for  the  Fargate  On-Demand
                                      vCPU  resource  count  quota is 6 vCPUs.
                                      For more information about Fargate  quo-
                                      tas,  see  Fargate  quotas in the Amazon
                                      Web Services General Reference .

                                      For jobs that are running on Fargate re-
                                      sources,  then  value  must match one of
                                      the supported values and the MEMORY val-
                                      ues  must be one of the values supported
                                      for that VCPU value. The supported  val-
                                      ues are 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16
                                             value = 0.25

                                          MEMORY = 512, 1024, or 2048
                                             value = 0.5

                                          MEMORY = 1024, 2048, 3072, or 4096
                                             value = 1

                                          MEMORY  =  2048,  3072,  4096, 5120,
                                          6144, 7168, or 8192
                                             value = 2

                                          MEMORY =  4096,  5120,  6144,  7168,
                                          8192,  9216,  10240,  11264,  12288,
                                          13312, 14336, 15360, or 16384
                                             value = 4

                                          MEMORY = 8192, 9216,  10240,  11264,
                                          12288,  13312,  14336, 15360, 16384,
                                          17408, 18432, 19456,  20480,  21504,
                                          22528,  23552,  24576, 25600, 26624,
                                          27648, 28672, 29696, or 30720
                                             value = 8

                                          MEMORY = 16384, 20480, 24576, 28672,
                                          32768,  36864,  40960, 45056, 49152,
                                          53248, 57344, or 61440
                                             value = 16

                                          MEMORY = 32768, 40960, 49152, 57344,
                                          65536,  73728,  81920, 90112, 98304,
                                          106496, 114688, or 122880

                                   type -> (string)
                                      The type of resource to assign to a con-
                                      tainer.  The supported resources include
                                      GPU , MEMORY , and VCPU .

                            linuxParameters -> (structure)
                               Linux-specific modifications that  are  applied
                               to  the  container,  such as details for device
                               mappings.

                               devices -> (list)
                                   Any of the host devices to  expose  to  the
                                   container.  This  parameter maps to Devices
                                   in the Create a container  section  of  the
                                   Docker  Remote  API and the --device option
                                   to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter isn't applicable to  jobs
                                      that  are  running on Fargate resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                                   (structure)
                                      An object that  represents  a  container
                                      instance host device.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This object isn't applicable to jobs
                                          that  are  running  on  Fargate  re-
                                          sources and shouldn't be provided.

                                      hostPath -> (string)
                                          The  path for the device on the host
                                          container instance.

                                      containerPath -> (string)
                                          The path inside the container that's
                                          used  to  expose the host device. By
                                          default, the hostPath value is used.

                                      permissions -> (list)
                                          The explicit permissions to  provide
                                          to  the container for the device. By
                                          default, the container  has  permis-
                                          sions  for  read , write , and mknod
                                          for the device.

                                          (string)

                               initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                                   If true, run an  init  process  inside  the
                                   container  that  forwards signals and reaps
                                   processes.  This  parameter  maps  to   the
                                   --init  option to docker run . This parame-
                                   ter requires version 1.25 of the Docker Re-
                                   mote  API  or greater on your container in-
                                   stance. To check the Docker Remote API ver-
                                   sion  on your container instance, log in to
                                   your container instance and run the follow-
                                   ing  command:  sudo  docker  version | grep
                                   "Server API version"

                               sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                                   The value for the  size  (in  MiB)  of  the
                                   /dev/shm volume. This parameter maps to the
                                   --shm-size option to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter isn't applicable to  jobs
                                      that  are  running on Fargate resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                               tmpfs -> (list)
                                   The container path, mount options, and size
                                   (in MiB) of the tmpfs mount. This parameter
                                   maps to the --tmpfs option to docker run .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter isn't applicable to  jobs
                                      that  are  running on Fargate resources.
                                      Don't provide this  parameter  for  this
                                      resource type.

                                   (structure)
                                      The  container  path, mount options, and
                                      size of the tmpfs mount.

                                      NOTE:
                                          This object isn't applicable to jobs
                                          that  are  running  on  Fargate  re-
                                          sources.

                                      containerPath -> (string)
                                          The absolute file path in  the  con-
                                          tainer  where  the  tmpfs  volume is
                                          mounted.

                                      size -> (integer)
                                          The size (in MiB) of the tmpfs  vol-
                                          ume.

                                      mountOptions -> (list)
                                          The  list  of tmpfs volume mount op-
                                          tions.

                                          Valid values: "defaults " | "ro "  |
                                          "rw " | "suid " | "nosuid " | "dev "
                                          | "nodev " | "exec " | "noexec  "  |
                                          "sync  "  |  "async " | "dirsync " |
                                          "remount " | "mand " | "nomand  "  |
                                          "atime  " | "noatime " | "diratime "
                                          | "nodiratime " | "bind " |  "rbind"
                                          |  "unbindable"  |  "runbindable"  |
                                          "private" | "rprivate" | "shared"  |
                                          "rshared"  |  "slave"  |  "rslave" |
                                          "relatime  "  |  "norelatime   "   |
                                          "strictatime  " | "nostrictatime " |
                                          "mode " | "uid " | "gid " |  "nr_in-
                                          odes " | "nr_blocks " | "mpol "

                                          (string)

                               maxSwap -> (integer)
                                   The  total amount of swap memory (in MiB) a
                                   container can use. This parameter is trans-
                                   lated to the --memory-swap option to docker
                                   run where the value is the sum of the  con-
                                   tainer  memory  plus the maxSwap value. For
                                   more information, see `  --memory-swap  de-
                                   tails                                    <-
                                   https://docs.docker.com/config/contain-
                                   ers/resource_constraints/#--memory-swap-de-
                                   tails>`__ in the Docker documentation.

                                   If a maxSwap value of 0 is  specified,  the
                                   container doesn't use swap. Accepted values
                                   are 0  or  any  positive  integer.  If  the
                                   maxSwap parameter is omitted, the container
                                   doesn't use the swap configuration for  the
                                   container  instance that it's running on. A
                                   maxSwap value must be set for  the  swappi-
                                   ness parameter to be used.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This  parameter isn't applicable to jobs
                                      that are running on  Fargate  resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                               swappiness -> (integer)
                                   You  can  use this parameter to tune a con-
                                   tainer's  memory  swappiness  behavior.   A
                                   swappiness  value  of  0 causes swapping to
                                   not occur unless  absolutely  necessary.  A
                                   swappiness  value of 100 causes pages to be
                                   swapped  aggressively.  Valid  values   are
                                   whole  numbers  between  0 and 100 . If the
                                   swappiness parameter isn't specified, a de-
                                   fault value of 60 is used. If a value isn't
                                   specified for maxSwap , then this parameter
                                   is  ignored.  If  maxSwap  is set to 0, the
                                   container doesn't use swap. This  parameter
                                   maps  to  the --memory-swappiness option to
                                   docker run .

                                   Consider  the  following  when  you  use  a
                                   per-container swap configuration.

                                   o Swap  space must be enabled and allocated
                                     on the container instance  for  the  con-
                                     tainers to use.

                                   NOTE:
                                      By  default,  the  Amazon  ECS optimized
                                      AMIs don't have swap enabled.  You  must
                                      enable  swap on the instance to use this
                                      feature.  For  more   information,   see
                                      Instance  store swap volumes in the Ama-
                                      zon EC2 User Guide for  Linux  Instances
                                      or  How  do I allocate memory to work as
                                      swap space in an Amazon EC2 instance  by
                                      using a swap file?

                                   o The  swap  space parameters are only sup-
                                     ported for job definitions using EC2  re-
                                     sources.

                                   o If  the maxSwap and swappiness parameters
                                     are omitted from a job  definition,  each
                                     container  has a default swappiness value
                                     of 60. Moreover, the total swap usage  is
                                     limited  to two times the memory reserva-
                                     tion of the container.

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter isn't applicable to  jobs
                                      that  are  running on Fargate resources.
                                      Don't provide it for these jobs.

                            logConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The log  configuration  specification  for  the
                               container.

                               This  parameter maps to LogConfig in the Create
                               a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API
                               and  the --log-driver option to docker run . By
                               default, containers use the same logging driver
                               that  the  Docker daemon uses. However the con-
                               tainer might use  a  different  logging  driver
                               than  the  Docker  daemon  by  specifying a log
                               driver with this  parameter  in  the  container
                               definition.  To  use a different logging driver
                               for a container, the log system must be config-
                               ured  properly on the container instance (or on
                               a different log server for remote  logging  op-
                               tions). For more information on the options for
                               different supported log drivers, see  Configure
                               logging drivers in the Docker documentation.

                               NOTE:
                                   Batch  currently  supports  a subset of the
                                   logging drivers  available  to  the  Docker
                                   daemon (shown in the  LogConfiguration data
                                   type).

                               This parameter requires  version  1.18  of  the
                               Docker  Remote API or greater on your container
                               instance. To check the Docker Remote  API  ver-
                               sion on your container instance, log in to your
                               container instance and run the  following  com-
                               mand:  sudo  docker  version | grep "Server API
                               version"

                               NOTE:
                                   The Amazon ECS container agent running on a
                                   container  instance  must register the log-
                                   ging drivers  available  on  that  instance
                                   with  the ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIVERS en-
                                   vironment variable before containers placed
                                   on that instance can use these log configu-
                                   ration options. For more  information,  see
                                   Amazon ECS container agent configuration in
                                   the Amazon Elastic Container Service Devel-
                                   oper Guide .

                               logDriver -> (string)
                                   The  log  driver  to use for the container.
                                   The valid values that are listed  for  this
                                   parameter  are  log drivers that the Amazon
                                   ECS container agent can communicate with by
                                   default.

                                   The  supported  log  drivers  are awslogs ,
                                   fluentd , gelf , json-file , journald , lo-
                                   gentries , syslog , and splunk .

                                   NOTE:
                                      Jobs  that  are  running  on Fargate re-
                                      sources are restricted  to  the  awslogs
                                      and splunk log drivers.

                                      awslogs

                                   Specifies  the  Amazon CloudWatch Logs log-
                                   ging  driver.  For  more  information,  see
                                   Using  the  awslogs log driver in the Batch
                                   User Guide and Amazon CloudWatch Logs  log-
                                   ging driver in the Docker documentation.
                                      fluentd

                                   Specifies  the  Fluentd logging driver. For
                                   more information including  usage  and  op-
                                   tions,  see  Fluentd  logging driver in the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      gelf

                                   Specifies  the  Graylog   Extended   Format
                                   (GELF) logging driver. For more information
                                   including usage and  options,  see  Graylog
                                   Extended   Format  logging  driver  in  the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      journald

                                   Specifies the journald logging driver.  For
                                   more  information  including  usage and op-
                                   tions, see Journald logging driver  in  the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      json-file

                                   Specifies the JSON file logging driver. For
                                   more information including  usage  and  op-
                                   tions,  see JSON File logging driver in the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      splunk

                                   Specifies the Splunk  logging  driver.  For
                                   more  information  including  usage and op-
                                   tions, see Splunk  logging  driver  in  the
                                   Docker documentation .
                                      syslog

                                   Specifies  the  syslog  logging driver. For
                                   more information including  usage  and  op-
                                   tions,  see  Syslog  logging  driver in the
                                   Docker documentation .

                                   NOTE:
                                      If you have a custom driver  that's  not
                                      listed  earlier  that  you  want to work
                                      with the Amazon ECS container agent, you
                                      can  fork the Amazon ECS container agent
                                      project that's available on  GitHub  and
                                      customize  it  to work with that driver.
                                      We encourage you to submit pull requests
                                      for  changes  that  you want to have in-
                                      cluded.  However,  Amazon  Web  Services
                                      doesn't  currently support running modi-
                                      fied copies of this software.

                                   This parameter requires version 1.18 of the
                                   Docker  Remote  API or greater on your con-
                                   tainer instance. To check the Docker Remote
                                   API version on your container instance, log
                                   in to your container instance and  run  the
                                   following  command:  sudo  docker version |
                                   grep "Server API version"

                               options -> (map)
                                   The configuration options to  send  to  the
                                   log driver. This parameter requires version
                                   1.19 of the Docker Remote API or greater on
                                   your   container  instance.  To  check  the
                                   Docker Remote API version on your container
                                   instance, log in to your container instance
                                   and run the following command: sudo  docker
                                   version | grep "Server API version"

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                               secretOptions -> (list)
                                   The  secrets  to pass to the log configura-
                                   tion. For more information, see  Specifying
                                   sensitive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                   (structure)
                                      An  object that represents the secret to
                                      expose to your container. Secrets can be
                                      exposed  to a container in the following
                                      ways:

                                      o To inject  sensitive  data  into  your
                                        containers  as  environment variables,
                                        use the secrets  container  definition
                                        parameter.

                                      o To  reference sensitive information in
                                        the log configuration of a  container,
                                        use  the secretOptions container defi-
                                        nition parameter.

                                      For  more  information,  see  Specifying
                                      sensitive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                      name -> (string)
                                          The name of the secret.

                                      valueFrom -> (string)
                                          The  secret  to  expose  to the con-
                                          tainer. The supported values are ei-
                                          ther  the  full Amazon Resource Name
                                          (ARN) of the Secrets Manager  secret
                                          or  the full ARN of the parameter in
                                          the Amazon Web Services Systems Man-
                                          ager Parameter Store.

                                          NOTE:
                                             If  the  Amazon Web Services Sys-
                                             tems Manager Parameter Store  pa-
                                             rameter exists in the same Region
                                             as the job you're launching, then
                                             you  can use either the full Ama-
                                             zon Resource Name (ARN)  or  name
                                             of  the parameter. If the parame-
                                             ter exists in a different Region,
                                             then  the full ARN must be speci-
                                             fied.

                            secrets -> (list)
                               The secrets for the container. For more  infor-
                               mation,  see  Specifying  sensitive data in the
                               Batch User Guide .

                               (structure)
                                   An object that represents the secret to ex-
                                   pose  to your container. Secrets can be ex-
                                   posed to a container in the following ways:

                                   o To inject sensitive data into  your  con-
                                     tainers as environment variables, use the
                                     secrets container definition parameter.

                                   o To reference sensitive information in the
                                     log configuration of a container, use the
                                     secretOptions container definition param-
                                     eter.

                                   For more information, see Specifying sensi-
                                   tive data in the Batch User Guide .

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the secret.

                                   valueFrom -> (string)
                                      The secret to expose to  the  container.
                                      The supported values are either the full
                                      Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  of  the  Se-
                                      crets  Manager secret or the full ARN of
                                      the parameter in the Amazon Web Services
                                      Systems Manager Parameter Store.

                                      NOTE:
                                          If  the  Amazon Web Services Systems
                                          Manager  Parameter  Store  parameter
                                          exists in the same Region as the job
                                          you're launching, then you  can  use
                                          either the full Amazon Resource Name
                                          (ARN) or name of the  parameter.  If
                                          the  parameter exists in a different
                                          Region, then the full  ARN  must  be
                                          specified.

                            networkConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The  network  configuration  for  jobs that are
                               running on Fargate  resources.  Jobs  that  are
                               running  on EC2 resources must not specify this
                               parameter.

                               assignPublicIp -> (string)
                                   Indicates whether the job has a  public  IP
                                   address.  For  a job that's running on Far-
                                   gate resources in a private subnet to  send
                                   outbound traffic to the internet (for exam-
                                   ple, to pull container images), the private
                                   subnet  requires  a NAT gateway be attached
                                   to route requests to the internet. For more
                                   information, see Amazon ECS task networking
                                   in the Amazon Elastic Container Service De-
                                   veloper  Guide . The default value is "DIS-
                                   ABLED ".

                            fargatePlatformConfiguration -> (structure)
                               The platform configuration for  jobs  that  are
                               running  on  Fargate  resources.  Jobs that are
                               running on EC2 resources must not specify  this
                               parameter.

                               platformVersion -> (string)
                                   The Fargate platform version where the jobs
                                   are running. A platform version  is  speci-
                                   fied only for jobs that are running on Far-
                                   gate resources. If one isn't specified, the
                                   LATEST platform version is used by default.
                                   This uses a recent, approved version of the
                                   Fargate platform for compute resources. For
                                   more information, see Fargate platform ver-
                                   sions  in the Amazon Elastic Container Ser-
                                   vice Developer Guide .

                            ephemeralStorage -> (structure)
                               The amount of ephemeral storage to allocate for
                               the  task. This parameter is used to expand the
                               total amount of  ephemeral  storage  available,
                               beyond  the default amount, for tasks hosted on
                               Fargate.

                               sizeInGiB -> (integer)
                                   The total  amount,  in  GiB,  of  ephemeral
                                   storage  to  set  for the task. The minimum
                                   supported value is 21 GiB and  the  maximum
                                   supported value is 200 GiB.

                            runtimePlatform -> (structure)
                               An  object that represents the compute environ-
                               ment architecture for Batch jobs on Fargate.

                               operatingSystemFamily -> (string)
                                   The operating system for the compute  envi-
                                   ronment. Valid values are: LINUX (default),
                                   WINDOWS_SERVER_2019_CORE       ,       WIN-
                                   DOWS_SERVER_2019_FULL         ,        WIN-
                                   DOWS_SERVER_2022_CORE    ,     and     WIN-
                                   DOWS_SERVER_2022_FULL .

                                   NOTE:
                                      The following parameters cant be set for
                                      Windows  containers:  linuxParameters  ,
                                      privileged  , user , ulimits , readonly-
                                      RootFilesystem , and efsVolumeConfigura-
                                      tion .

                                   NOTE:
                                      The Batch Scheduler checks before regis-
                                      tering a task definition  with  Fargate.
                                      If  the job requires a Windows container
                                      and the  first  compute  environment  is
                                      LINUX   ,  the  compute  environment  is
                                      skipped and the next is checked until  a
                                      Windows-based   compute  environment  is
                                      found.

                                   NOTE:
                                      Fargate Spot is not supported  for  Win-
                                      dows-based  containers on Fargate. A job
                                      queue will be blocked if a Fargate  Win-
                                      dows  job  is  submitted  to a job queue
                                      with only Fargate Spot compute  environ-
                                      ments. However, you can attach both FAR-
                                      GATE and FARGATE_SPOT  compute  environ-
                                      ments to the same job queue.

                               cpuArchitecture -> (string)
                                   The vCPU architecture. The default value is
                                   X86_64 . Valid values are X86_64 and  ARM64
                                   .

                                   NOTE:
                                      This parameter must be set to X86_64 for
                                      Windows containers.

              tags -> (map)
                 The tags that are applied to the job definition.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              propagateTags -> (boolean)
                 Specifies whether to propagate the tags from the job  or  job
                 definition  to the corresponding Amazon ECS task. If no value
                 is specified, the tags aren't propagated. Tags  can  only  be
                 propagated  to the tasks when the tasks are created. For tags
                 with the same name, job tags are given priority over job def-
                 initions  tags. If the total number of combined tags from the
                 job and job definition is over 50, the job is  moved  to  the
                 FAILED state.

              platformCapabilities -> (list)
                 The  platform capabilities required by the job definition. If
                 no value is specified, it defaults to EC2 . Jobs run on  Far-
                 gate resources specify FARGATE .

                 (string)

              eksProperties -> (structure)
                 An object with various properties that are specific to Amazon
                 EKS based jobs. Valid values are  containerProperties  ,  ek-
                 sProperties , and nodeProperties . Only one can be specified.

                 podProperties -> (structure)
                     The properties for the Kubernetes pod resources of a job.

                     serviceAccountName -> (string)
                        The name of the service account that's used to run the
                        pod. For more information, see Kubernetes service  ac-
                        counts  and  Configure a Kubernetes service account to
                        assume an IAM role in the Amazon EKS  User  Guide  and
                        Configure  service accounts for pods in the Kubernetes
                        documentation .

                     hostNetwork -> (boolean)
                        Indicates if the pod uses the hosts'  network  IP  ad-
                        dress.  The  default  value  is true . Setting this to
                        false enables the  Kubernetes  pod  networking  model.
                        Most Batch workloads are egress-only and don't require
                        the overhead of IP allocation for each pod for  incom-
                        ing  connections. For more information, see Host name-
                        spaces and Pod networking in the Kubernetes documenta-
                        tion .

                     dnsPolicy -> (string)
                        The DNS policy for the pod. The default value is Clus-
                        terFirst . If the hostNetwork parameter is not  speci-
                        fied,  the  default is ClusterFirstWithHostNet . Clus-
                        terFirst indicates that any DNS query  that  does  not
                        match  the  configured  cluster  domain suffix is for-
                        warded to the upstream nameserver inherited  from  the
                        node.  For  more  information, see Pod's DNS policy in
                        the Kubernetes documentation .

                        Valid values: Default | ClusterFirst  |  ClusterFirst-
                        WithHostNet

                     containers -> (list)
                        The  properties  of  the  container that's used on the
                        Amazon EKS pod.

                        (structure)
                            EKS container properties are used in  job  defini-
                            tions  for Amazon EKS based job definitions to de-
                            scribe the properties for a container node in  the
                            pod  that's  launched as part of a job. This can't
                            be specified for Amazon ECS based job definitions.

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the container. If  the  name  isn't
                               specified, the default name "Default " is used.
                               Each container in a  pod  must  have  a  unique
                               name.

                            image -> (string)
                               The Docker image used to start the container.

                            imagePullPolicy -> (string)
                               The  image  pull policy for the container. Sup-
                               ported values are Always , IfNotPresent  ,  and
                               Never . This parameter defaults to IfNotPresent
                               . However, if the :latest tag is specified,  it
                               defaults  to Always . For more information, see
                               Updating images in the Kubernetes documentation
                               .

                            command -> (list)
                               The  entrypoint  for  the container. This isn't
                               run within a shell. If  this  isn't  specified,
                               the  ENTRYPOINT of the container image is used.
                               Environment variable  references  are  expanded
                               using the container's environment.

                               If  the referenced environment variable doesn't
                               exist,  the  reference  in  the  command  isn't
                               changed.  For  example,  if the reference is to
                               "$(NAME1) " and the NAME1 environment  variable
                               doesn't  exist,  the command string will remain
                               "$(NAME1) ." $$ is replaced with $ and the  re-
                               sulting  string  isn't  expanded.  For example,
                               $$(VAR_NAME)  will  be  passed  as  $(VAR_NAME)
                               whether  or  not the VAR_NAME environment vari-
                               able exists. The entrypoint can't  be  updated.
                               For  more  information,  see  ENTRYPOINT in the
                               Dockerfile reference and Define a  command  and
                               arguments for a container and Entrypoint in the
                               Kubernetes documentation .

                               (string)

                            args -> (list)
                               An array of arguments  to  the  entrypoint.  If
                               this  isn't specified, the CMD of the container
                               image is used. This  corresponds  to  the  args
                               member  in the Entrypoint portion of the Pod in
                               Kubernetes. Environment variable references are
                               expanded using the container's environment.

                               If  the referenced environment variable doesn't
                               exist,  the  reference  in  the  command  isn't
                               changed.  For  example,  if the reference is to
                               "$(NAME1) " and the NAME1 environment  variable
                               doesn't  exist,  the command string will remain
                               "$(NAME1) ." $$ is replaced with $  ,  and  the
                               resulting  string  isn't expanded. For example,
                               $$(VAR_NAME) is passed as  $(VAR_NAME)  whether
                               or  not  the  VAR_NAME environment variable ex-
                               ists. For more  information,  see  CMD  in  the
                               Dockerfile  reference  and Define a command and
                               arguments for a pod in the Kubernetes  documen-
                               tation .

                               (string)

                            env -> (list)
                               The  environment  variables  to  pass to a con-
                               tainer.

                               NOTE:
                                   Environment  variables  cannot  start  with
                                   "AWS_BATCH ". This naming convention is re-
                                   served for variables that Batch sets.

                               (structure)
                                   An environment variable.

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name of the environment variable.

                                   value -> (string)
                                      The value of the environment variable.

                            resources -> (structure)
                               The type and amount of resources to assign to a
                               container. The supported resources include mem-
                               ory , cpu , and nvidia.com/gpu . For  more  in-
                               formation, see Resource management for pods and
                               containers in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               limits -> (map)
                                   The type and quantity of the  resources  to
                                   reserve  for the container. The values vary
                                   based on the  name  that's  specified.  Re-
                                   sources  can  be requested using either the
                                   limits or the requests objects.
                                      memory

                                   The memory hard limit (in MiB) for the con-
                                   tainer,  using  whole integers, with a "Mi"
                                   suffix. If your container attempts  to  ex-
                                   ceed the memory specified, the container is
                                   terminated. You must specify at least 4 MiB
                                   of  memory  for a job. memory can be speci-
                                   fied in limits , requests  ,  or  both.  If
                                   memory  is  specified  in both places, then
                                   the value that's specified in  limits  must
                                   be  equal  to the value that's specified in
                                   requests .

                                   NOTE:
                                      To maximize your  resource  utilization,
                                      provide your jobs with as much memory as
                                      possible for the specific instance  type
                                      that  you  are  using. To learn how, see
                                      Memory  management  in  the  Batch  User
                                      Guide .

                                      cpu

                                   The  number of CPUs that's reserved for the
                                   container. Values must be an even  multiple
                                   of  0.25 . cpu can be specified in limits ,
                                   requests , or both. If cpu is specified  in
                                   both  places,  then the value that's speci-
                                   fied in limits must be at least as large as
                                   the value that's specified in requests .
                                      nvidia.com/gpu

                                   The  number of GPUs that's reserved for the
                                   container. Values must be a whole  integer.
                                   memory  can  be  specified  in limits , re-
                                   quests , or both. If memory is specified in
                                   both  places,  then the value that's speci-
                                   fied in limits must be equal to  the  value
                                   that's specified in requests .

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                               requests -> (map)
                                   The  type  and quantity of the resources to
                                   request for the container. The values  vary
                                   based  on  the  name  that's specified. Re-
                                   sources can be requested  by  using  either
                                   the limits or the requests objects.
                                      memory

                                   The memory hard limit (in MiB) for the con-
                                   tainer, using whole integers, with  a  "Mi"
                                   suffix.  If  your container attempts to ex-
                                   ceed the memory specified, the container is
                                   terminated. You must specify at least 4 MiB
                                   of memory for a job. memory can  be  speci-
                                   fied  in  limits  ,  requests , or both. If
                                   memory is specified in both, then the value
                                   that's specified in limits must be equal to
                                   the value that's specified in requests .

                                   NOTE:
                                      If you're trying to  maximize  your  re-
                                      source  utilization  by  providing  your
                                      jobs as much memory as  possible  for  a
                                      particular  instance  type,  see  Memory
                                      management in the Batch User Guide .

                                      cpu

                                   The number of CPUs that  are  reserved  for
                                   the  container. Values must be an even mul-
                                   tiple of 0.25 . cpu  can  be  specified  in
                                   limits  ,  requests  ,  or  both. If cpu is
                                   specified in both, then  the  value  that's
                                   specified  in  limits  must  be at least as
                                   large as the value that's specified in  re-
                                   quests .
                                      nvidia.com/gpu

                                   The  number  of  GPUs that are reserved for
                                   the container. Values must be a whole inte-
                                   ger.  nvidia.com/gpu  can  be  specified in
                                   limits   ,   requests   ,   or   both.   If
                                   nvidia.com/gpu  is  specified in both, then
                                   the value that's specified in  limits  must
                                   be  equal  to the value that's specified in
                                   requests .

                                   key -> (string)

                                   value -> (string)

                            volumeMounts -> (list)
                               The volume mounts for the container. Batch sup-
                               ports  emptyDir  , hostPath , and secret volume
                               types. For more information about  volumes  and
                               volume mounts in Kubernetes, see Volumes in the
                               Kubernetes documentation .

                               (structure)
                                   The volume mounts for a  container  for  an
                                   Amazon  EKS job. For more information about
                                   volumes and volume  mounts  in  Kubernetes,
                                   see Volumes in the Kubernetes documentation
                                   .

                                   name -> (string)
                                      The name the  volume  mount.  This  must
                                      match  the name of one of the volumes in
                                      the pod.

                                   mountPath -> (string)
                                      The path on the container where the vol-
                                      ume is mounted.

                                   readOnly -> (boolean)
                                      If  this  value  is true , the container
                                      has read-only access to the volume. Oth-
                                      erwise,  the  container can write to the
                                      volume. The default value is false .

                            securityContext -> (structure)
                               The security context for a job. For more infor-
                               mation,  see Configure a security context for a
                               pod or container in the  Kubernetes  documenta-
                               tion .

                               runAsUser -> (long)
                                   When  this parameter is specified, the con-
                                   tainer is run as the specified user ID (uid
                                   ).  If  this parameter isn't specified, the
                                   default is the user that's specified in the
                                   image  metadata.  This  parameter  maps  to
                                   RunAsUser and MustRanAs policy in the Users
                                   and groups pod security policies in the Ku-
                                   bernetes documentation .

                               runAsGroup -> (long)
                                   When this parameter is specified, the  con-
                                   tainer  is  run  as  the specified group ID
                                   (gid ). If this parameter isn't  specified,
                                   the  default  is the group that's specified
                                   in the image metadata. This parameter  maps
                                   to  RunAsGroup  and MustRunAs policy in the
                                   Users and groups pod security  policies  in
                                   the Kubernetes documentation .

                               privileged -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is true , the container
                                   is given elevated permissions on  the  host
                                   container  instance.  The  level of permis-
                                   sions are similar to the root user  permis-
                                   sions.  The  default  value is false . This
                                   parameter maps to privileged policy in  the
                                   Privileged pod security policies in the Ku-
                                   bernetes documentation .

                               readOnlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is true , the container
                                   is  given read-only access to its root file
                                   system. The default value is false  .  This
                                   parameter  maps  to  ReadOnlyRootFilesystem
                                   policy in the Volumes and file systems  pod
                                   security  policies  in the Kubernetes docu-
                                   mentation .

                               runAsNonRoot -> (boolean)
                                   When this parameter is specified, the  con-
                                   tainer  is  run  as a user with a uid other
                                   than 0. If this parameter isn't  specified,
                                   so  such  rule  is enforced. This parameter
                                   maps to RunAsUser and MustRunAsNonRoot pol-
                                   icy  in  the  Users and groups pod security
                                   policies in the Kubernetes documentation .

                     volumes -> (list)
                        Specifies the volumes for a job definition  that  uses
                        Amazon EKS resources.

                        (structure)
                            Specifies  an  Amazon EKS volume for a job defini-
                            tion.

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the volume. The name  must  be  al-
                               lowed  as a DNS subdomain name. For more infor-
                               mation, see DNS subdomain names in  the  Kuber-
                               netes documentation .

                            hostPath -> (structure)
                               Specifies  the  configuration  of  a Kubernetes
                               hostPath  volume.  For  more  information,  see
                               hostPath in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               path -> (string)
                                   The  path  of  the file or directory on the
                                   host to mount into containers on the pod.

                            emptyDir -> (structure)
                               Specifies the  configuration  of  a  Kubernetes
                               emptyDir  volume.  For  more  information,  see
                               emptyDir in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               medium -> (string)
                                   The medium to store the volume. The default
                                   value  is  an  empty string, which uses the
                                   storage of the node.
                                          ""

                                      (Default) Use the disk  storage  of  the
                                      node.
                                          "Memory"

                                   Use  the  tmpfs volume that's backed by the
                                   RAM of the node. Contents of the volume are
                                   lost when the node reboots, and any storage
                                   on  the  volume  counts  against  the  con-
                                   tainer's memory limit.

                               sizeLimit -> (string)
                                   The maximum size of the volume. By default,
                                   there's no maximum size defined.

                            secret -> (structure)
                               Specifies the configuration of a Kubernetes se-
                               cret  volume.  For more information, see secret
                               in the Kubernetes documentation .

                               secretName -> (string)
                                   The name of the secret. The  name  must  be
                                   allowed  as  a DNS subdomain name. For more
                                   information, see DNS subdomain names in the
                                   Kubernetes documentation .

                               optional -> (boolean)
                                   Specifies  whether  the  secret  or the se-
                                   cret's keys must be defined.

                     metadata -> (structure)
                        Metadata about the Kubernetes pod. For  more  informa-
                        tion,  see Understanding Kubernetes Objects in the Ku-
                        bernetes documentation .

                        labels -> (map)
                            Key-value pairs used to identify, sort, and  orga-
                            nize  cube  resources. Can contain up to 63 upper-
                            case letters, lowercase letters, numbers,  hyphens
                            (-),  and  underscores (_). Labels can be added or
                            modified at any time. Each resource can have  mul-
                            tiple  labels,  but  each key must be unique for a
                            given object.

                            key -> (string)

                            value -> (string)

              containerOrchestrationType -> (string)
                 The orchestration type of the compute environment. The  valid
                 values are ECS (default) or EKS .

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  nextToken  value  to include in a future DescribeJobDefinitions
          request. When the results of a DescribeJobDefinitions request exceed
          maxResults , this value can be used to retrieve the next page of re-
          sults. This value is null when there are no more results to return.



                                                    DESCRIBE-JOB-DEFINITIONS()
