LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the tags for an Batch resource. Batch resources that support tags
       are compute environments, jobs, job definitions, job queues, and sched-
       uling  policies.  ARNs  for child jobs of array and multi-node parallel
       (MNP) jobs are not supported.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that  identifies  the  resource  that
          tags  are  listed for. Batch resources that support tags are compute
          environments, jobs, job  definitions,  job  queues,  and  scheduling
          policies. ARNs for child jobs of array and multi-node parallel (MNP)
          jobs are not supported.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (map)
          The tags for the resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
