TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  tags  to  a resource with the specified re-
       sourceArn . If existing tags on a resource aren't specified in the  re-
       quest  parameters, they aren't changed. When a resource is deleted, the
       tags that are associated with that resource are deleted as well.  Batch
       resources that support tags are compute environments, jobs, job defini-
       tions, job queues, and scheduling policies. ARNs for child jobs of  ar-
       ray and multi-node parallel (MNP) jobs are not supported.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that tags are added
          to. Batch resources that  support  tags  are  compute  environments,
          jobs, job definitions, job queues, and scheduling policies. ARNs for
          child jobs of array and multi-node parallel (MNP) jobs are not  sup-
          ported.

       --tags (map)
          The  tags  that you apply to the resource to help you categorize and
          organize your resources. Each tag consists of a key and an  optional
          value.  For  more  information,  see Tagging Amazon Web Services Re-
          sources in Amazon Web Services General Reference .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
