UPDATE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()                      UPDATE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       update-compute-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an Batch compute environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-compute-environment
          --compute-environment <value>
          [--state <value>]
          [--unmanagedv-cpus <value>]
          [--compute-resources <value>]
          [--service-role <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --compute-environment (string)
          The  name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the compute environ-
          ment to update.

       --state (string)
          The state of the compute environment. Compute  environments  in  the
          ENABLED state can accept jobs from a queue and scale in or out auto-
          matically based on the workload demand of its associated queues.

          If the state is ENABLED , then the Batch scheduler  can  attempt  to
          place  jobs  from  an  associated job queue on the compute resources
          within the environment. If the compute environment is managed,  then
          it can scale its instances out or in automatically, based on the job
          queue demand.

          If the state is DISABLED , then the Batch scheduler doesn't  attempt
          to  place jobs within the environment. Jobs in a STARTING or RUNNING
          state continue to progress normally. Managed compute environments in
          the DISABLED state don't scale out. However, they scale in to minvC-
          pus value after instances become idle.

          Possible values:

          o ENABLED

          o DISABLED

       --unmanagedv-cpus (integer)
          The maximum number of vCPUs expected to be  used  for  an  unmanaged
          compute  environment.  This  parameter should not be specified for a
          managed compute environment. This parameter is only  used  for  fair
          share scheduling to reserve vCPU capacity for new share identifiers.
          If this parameter is not provided for a fair  share  job  queue,  no
          vCPU capacity will be reserved.

       --compute-resources (structure)
          Details of the compute resources managed by the compute environment.
          Required for a managed compute environment.  For  more  information,
          see Compute Environments in the Batch User Guide .

          minvCpus -> (integer)
              The  minimum  number  of  Amazon  EC2  vCPUs that an environment
              should maintain.

              NOTE:
                 This parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are  running  on
                 Fargate resources, and shouldn't be specified.

          maxvCpus -> (integer)
              The  maximum  number of Amazon EC2 vCPUs that an environment can
              reach.

              NOTE:
                 With both  BEST_FIT_PROGRESSIVE  and  SPOT_CAPACITY_OPTIMIZED
                 allocation strategies, Batch might need to exceed maxvCpus to
                 meet your capacity requirements. In this event,  Batch  never
                 exceeds  maxvCpus by more than a single instance. That is, no
                 more than a single instance from  among  those  specified  in
                 your compute environment.

          desiredvCpus -> (integer)
              The  desired  number of Amazon EC2 vCPUS in the compute environ-
              ment.

              NOTE:
                 This parameter isn't applicable to jobs that are  running  on
                 Fargate resources, and shouldn't be specified.

          subnets -> (list)
              The  VPC  subnets where the compute resources are launched. Far-
              gate compute resources can contain up to 16  subnets.  Providing
              an empty list will be handled as if this parameter wasn't speci-
              fied and no change is made. This can't be specified for EC2 com-
              pute  resources.  For  more information, see VPCs and Subnets in
              the Amazon VPC User Guide .

              (string)

          securityGroupIds -> (list)
              The  Amazon  EC2  security  groups  associated  with   instances
              launched  in the compute environment. This parameter is required
              for Fargate compute resources, where it can contain up to 5  se-
              curity  groups.  This  can't  be  specified  for EC2 compute re-
              sources. Providing an empty list is handled as if this parameter
              wasn't specified and no change is made.

              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          minvCpus=integer,maxvCpus=integer,desiredvCpus=integer,subnets=string,string,securityGroupIds=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "minvCpus": integer,
            "maxvCpus": integer,
            "desiredvCpus": integer,
            "subnets": ["string", ...],
            "securityGroupIds": ["string", ...]
          }

       --service-role (string)
          The  full  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the IAM role that allows
          Batch to make calls to other Amazon Web Services  services  on  your
          behalf.  For  more  information,  see  Batch service IAM role in the
          Batch User Guide .

          WARNING:
              If the compute environment has a service-linked role,  it  can't
              be  changed  to use a regular IAM role. Likewise, if the compute
              environment has a regular IAM role, it can't be changed to use a
              service-linked role.

          If  your  specified role has a path other than / , then you must ei-
          ther specify the full role ARN (this is recommended) or  prefix  the
          role name with the path.

          NOTE:
              Depending  on  how  you created your Batch service role, its ARN
              might contain the service-role path prefix. When you only  spec-
              ify  the  name  of the service role, Batch assumes that your ARN
              doesn't use the service-role path prefix. Because  of  this,  we
              recommend  that  you  specify  the full ARN of your service role
              when you create compute environments.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a compute environment

       This  example  disables the P2OnDemand compute environment so it can be
       deleted.

       Command:

          aws batch update-compute-environment --compute-environment P2OnDemand --state DISABLED

       Output:

          {
              "computeEnvironmentName": "P2OnDemand",
              "computeEnvironmentArn": "arn:aws:batch:us-east-1:012345678910:compute-environment/P2OnDemand"
          }

OUTPUT
       computeEnvironmentName -> (string)
          The name of the compute environment. It can be  up  to  128  letters
          long.  It  can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, hy-
          phens (-), and underscores (_).

       computeEnvironmentArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the compute environment.



                                                  UPDATE-COMPUTE-ENVIRONMENT()
