DELETE-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()                          DELETE-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()



NAME
       delete-assessment-report -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an assessment report in Audit Manager.

       When  you  run  the DeleteAssessmentReport operation, Audit Manager at-
       tempts to delete the following data:

       o The specified assessment report thats stored in your S3 bucket

       o The associated metadata thats stored in Audit Manager

       If Audit Manager cant access the assessment report in your  S3  bucket,
       the  report isnt deleted. In this event, the DeleteAssessmentReport op-
       eration doesnt fail. Instead, it  proceeds  to  delete  the  associated
       metadata  only.  You must then delete the assessment report from the S3
       bucket yourself.

       This scenario happens when Audit Manager receives a 403 (Forbidden)  or
       404  (Not  Found)  error  from Amazon S3. To avoid this, make sure that
       your S3 bucket is available, and that you configured the  correct  per-
       missions  for  Audit Manager to delete resources in your S3 bucket. For
       an example permissions policy that you can use, see  Assessment  report
       destination  permissions in the Audit Manager User Guide . For informa-
       tion about the issues that could cause a 403 (Forbidden)  or  404  (Not
       Found  )  error  from  Amazon S3, see List of Error Codes in the Amazon
       Simple Storage Service API Reference .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-assessment-report
          --assessment-id <value>
          --assessment-report-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the assessment.

       --assessment-report-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the assessment report.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-ASSESSMENT-REPORT()
