DEREGISTER-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()DEREGISTER-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       deregister-organization-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes the specified Amazon Web Services account as a delegated admin-
       istrator for Audit Manager.

       WARNING:
          When you remove a delegated administrator from  your  Audit  Manager
          settings,  you continue to have access to the evidence that you pre-
          viously collected under that account. This is also the case when you
          deregister  a  delegated  administrator from Organizations. However,
          Audit Manager will stop collecting and attaching  evidence  to  that
          delegated administrator account moving forward.

       NOTE:
          When you deregister a delegated administrator account for Audit Man-
          ager, the data for that account isnt deleted. If you want to  delete
          resource  data  for a delegated administrator account, you must per-
          form that task separately before you deregister the account. Either,
          you can do this in the Audit Manager console. Or, you can use one of
          the delete API operations that are provided by Audit Manager.

          To delete your Audit Manager resource data, see  the  following  in-
          structions:

          o DeleteAssessment  (see  also:  Deleting an assessment in the Audit
            Manager User Guide )

          o DeleteAssessmentFramework (see also: Deleting a  custom  framework
            in the Audit Manager User Guide )

          o DeleteAssessmentFrameworkShare (see also: Deleting a share request
            in the Audit Manager User Guide )

          o DeleteAssessmentReport (see also: Deleting an assessment report in
            the Audit Manager User Guide )

          o DeleteControl  (see  also:  Deleting a custom control in the Audit
            Manager User Guide )

          At this time, Audit Manager doesn't provide an option to delete evi-
          dence. All available delete operations are listed above.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-organization-admin-account
          [--admin-account-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --admin-account-id (string)
          The identifier for the administrator account.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                       DEREGISTER-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
