GET-SERVICES-IN-SCOPE()                                GET-SERVICES-IN-SCOPE()



NAME
       get-services-in-scope -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  the in-scope Amazon Web Services services for the
       specified assessment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-services-in-scope
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       serviceMetadata -> (list)
          The metadata that's associated with the Amazon Web Service.

          (structure)
              The metadata that's associated with the Amazon Web Service.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the Amazon Web Service.

              displayName -> (string)
                 The display name of the Amazon Web Service.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the Amazon Web Service.

              category -> (string)
                 The  category that the Amazon Web Service belongs to, such as
                 compute, storage, or database.



                                                       GET-SERVICES-IN-SCOPE()
