GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT-URL()                        GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT-URL()



NAME
       get-assessment-report-url -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the URL of an assessment report in Audit Manager.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-assessment-report-url
          --assessment-report-id <value>
          --assessment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assessment-report-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the assessment report.

       --assessment-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the assessment.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       preSignedUrl -> (structure)
          Short for uniform resource locator. A URL is used as a unique  iden-
          tifier to locate a resource on the internet.

          hyperlinkName -> (string)
              The name or word that's used as a hyperlink to the URL.

          link -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the internet resource.



                                                   GET-ASSESSMENT-REPORT-URL()
