DELETE-SOURCE-CREDENTIALS()                        DELETE-SOURCE-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       delete-source-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a set of GitHub, GitHub Enterprise, or Bitbucket source creden-
       tials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-source-credentials
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the token.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disconnect from a source provider and remove its access tokens.

       The following  delete-source-credentials  example  disconnects  from  a
       source  provider  and removes its tokens. The ARN of source credentials
       used to connect to the source provider determines which source  creden-
       tials.

          aws codebuild delete-source-credentials --arn arn-of-your-credentials

       Output:

          {
              "arn": "arn:aws:codebuild:your-region:your-account-id:token/your-server-type"
          }

       For  more  information, see Connect Source Providers with Access Tokens
       (CLI) in the AWS CodeBuild User Guide.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the token.



                                                   DELETE-SOURCE-CREDENTIALS()
