DELETE-REPORT-GROUP()                                    DELETE-REPORT-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-report-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  report  group.  Before  you delete a report group, you must
       delete its reports.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-report-group
          --arn <value>
          [--delete-reports | --no-delete-reports]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The ARN of the report group to delete.

       --delete-reports | --no-delete-reports (boolean)
          If true , deletes any reports that belong to a report  group  before
          deleting the report group.

          If  false  ,  you  must  delete any reports in the report group. Use
          ListReportsForReportGroup to get the reports in a report group.  Use
          DeleteReport  to  delete  the reports. If you call DeleteReportGroup
          for a report group that contains one or more reports,  an  exception
          is thrown.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a report groups in AWS CodeBuild.

       The following delete-report-group example deletes the report group with
       the specified ARN.

          aws codebuild delete-report-group \
              --arn arn:aws:codebuild:<region-ID>:<user-ID>:report-group/<report-group-name>

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with report groups in the  AWS  Code-
       Build User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-REPORT-GROUP()
