DELETE-WEBHOOK()                                              DELETE-WEBHOOK()



NAME
       delete-webhook -

DESCRIPTION
       For an existing CodeBuild build project that has its source code stored
       in a GitHub or Bitbucket repository, stops  CodeBuild  from  rebuilding
       the source code every time a code change is pushed to the repository.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-webhook
          --project-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The name of the CodeBuild project.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a webhook filter from an AWS CodeBuild project

       The  following delete-webhook example deletes a webhook from the speci-
       fied CodeBuild project.

          aws codebuild delete-webhook --project-name my-project

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Stop Running Builds Automatically  (AWS  CLI)
       in the AWS CodeBuild User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-WEBHOOK()
