LIST-BUILDS()                                                    LIST-BUILDS()



NAME
       list-builds -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  list  of  build  IDs, with each build ID representing a single
       build.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-builds is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: ids

SYNOPSIS
            list-builds
          [--sort-order <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sort-order (string)
          The order to list build IDs. Valid values include:

          o ASCENDING : List the build IDs in ascending order by build ID.

          o DESCENDING : List the build IDs in descending order by build ID.

          Possible values:

          o ASCENDING

          o DESCENDING

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get a list of AWS CodeBuild builds IDs.

       The  following  list-builds example gets a list of CodeBuild IDs sorted
       in ascending order.

          aws codebuild list-builds --sort-order ASCENDING

       The output includes a nextToken value which  indicates  that  there  is
       more output available.

          {
              "nextToken": "4AEA6u7J...The full token has been omitted for brevity...MzY2OA==",
              "ids": [
                  "codebuild-demo-project:815e755f-bade-4a7e-80f0-efe51EXAMPLE"
                  "codebuild-demo-project:84a7f3d1-d40e-4956-b4cf-7a9d4EXAMPLE"
                      ... The full list of build IDs has been omitted for brevity ...
                  "codebuild-demo-project:931d0b72-bf6f-4040-a472-5c707EXAMPLE"
              ]
          }

       Run  this command again and provide the nextToken value in the previous
       response as a parameter to get the next part of the output. Repeat  un-
       til you don't receive a nextToken value in the response.

          aws codebuild list-builds --sort-order ASCENDING --next-token 4AEA6u7J...The full token has been omitted for brevity...MzY2OA==

       Next part of the output:

          {
              "ids": [
                  "codebuild-demo-project:49015049-21cf-4b50-9708-df115EXAMPLE",
                  "codebuild-demo-project:543e7206-68a3-46d6-a4da-759abEXAMPLE",
                      ... The full list of build IDs has been omitted for brevity ...
                  "codebuild-demo-project:c282f198-4582-4b38-bdc0-26f96EXAMPLE"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see View a List of Build IDs (AWS CLI) in the AWS
       CodeBuild User Guide

OUTPUT
       ids -> (list)
          A list of build IDs, with each build ID representing a single build.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If there are more than 100 items in the list,  only  the  first  100
          items  are returned, along with a unique string called a nextToken .
          To get the next batch of items in  the  list,  call  this  operation
          again, adding the next token to the call.



                                                                 LIST-BUILDS()
