LIST-PROJECTS()                                                LIST-PROJECTS()



NAME
       list-projects -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of build project names, with each build project name repre-
       senting a single build project.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-projects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: projects

SYNOPSIS
            list-projects
          [--sort-by <value>]
          [--sort-order <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sort-by (string)
          The  criterion  to be used to list build project names. Valid values
          include:

          o CREATED_TIME : List based on when each build project was created.

          o LAST_MODIFIED_TIME : List based on  when  information  about  each
            build project was last changed.

          o NAME : List based on each build project's name.

          Use  sortOrder  to  specify  in what order to list the build project
          names based on the preceding criteria.

          Possible values:

          o NAME

          o CREATED_TIME

          o LAST_MODIFIED_TIME

       --sort-order (string)
          The order in which to list build projects. Valid values include:

          o ASCENDING : List in ascending order.

          o DESCENDING : List in descending order.

          Use sortBy to specify the criterion to be used to list build project
          names.

          Possible values:

          o ASCENDING

          o DESCENDING

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a list of AWS CodeBuild build project names.

       The  following  list-projects  example  gets  a list of CodeBuild build
       projects sorted by name in ascending order.

          aws codebuild list-projects --sort-by NAME --sort-order ASCENDING

       The output includes a nextToken value which  indicates  that  there  is
       more output available.

          {
              "nextToken": "Ci33ACF6...The full token has been omitted for brevity...U+AkMx8=",
              "projects": [
                  "codebuild-demo-project",
                  "codebuild-demo-project2",
                      ... The full list of build project names has been omitted for brevity ...
                  "codebuild-demo-project99"
              ]
          }

       Run  this command again and provide the nextToken value from the previ-
       ous response as a parameter to get the next part of the output.  Repeat
       until you don't receive a nextToken value in the response.

          aws codebuild list-projects  --sort-by NAME --sort-order ASCENDING --next-token Ci33ACF6...The full token has been omitted for brevity...U+AkMx8=

          {
              "projects": [
                  "codebuild-demo-project100",
                  "codebuild-demo-project101",
                      ... The full list of build project names has been omitted for brevity ...
                  "codebuild-demo-project122"
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see View a List of Build Project Names (AWS CLI)
       in the AWS CodeBuild User Guide.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          If there are more than 100 items in the list,  only  the  first  100
          items  are returned, along with a unique string called a nextToken .
          To get the next batch of items in  the  list,  call  this  operation
          again, adding the next token to the call.

       projects -> (list)
          The list of build project names, with each build project name repre-
          senting a single build project.

          (string)



                                                               LIST-PROJECTS()
