LIST-BUILDS-FOR-PROJECT()                            LIST-BUILDS-FOR-PROJECT()



NAME
       list-builds-for-project -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a list of build identifiers for the specified build project, with
       each build identifier representing a single build.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-builds-for-project is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: ids

SYNOPSIS
            list-builds-for-project
          --project-name <value>
          [--sort-order <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-name (string)
          The name of the CodeBuild project.

       --sort-order (string)
          The  order  to  sort the results in. The results are sorted by build
          number, not the build identifier. If this is not specified, the  re-
          sults are sorted in descending order.

          Valid values include:

          o ASCENDING  :  List  the  build  identifiers in ascending order, by
            build number.

          o DESCENDING : List the build identifiers in  descending  order,  by
            build number.

          If the project has more than 100 builds, setting the sort order will
          result in an error.

          Possible values:

          o ASCENDING

          o DESCENDING

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To view a list of builds for an AWS CodeBuild build project.

       The following list-builds-for-project example lists the  build  IDs  in
       descending order for the specified CodeBuild build project.

          aws codebuild list-builds-for-project --project-name codebuild-demo-project --sort-order DESCENDING

       Output:

          {
              "ids": [
                  "codebuild-demo-project:1a2b3c4d-5678-90ab-cdef-11111example",
                  "codebuild-demo-project:1a2b3c4d-5678-90ab-cdef-22222example",
                  "codebuild-demo-project:1a2b3c4d-5678-90ab-cdef-33333example",
                  "codebuild-demo-project:1a2b3c4d-5678-90ab-cdef-44444example",
                  "codebuild-demo-project:1a2b3c4d-5678-90ab-cdef-55555example"
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see View a List of Build IDs for a Build Project
       (AWS CLI) in the AWS CodeBuild User Guide

OUTPUT
       ids -> (list)
          A list of build identifiers for the specified  build  project,  with
          each build ID representing a single build.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If  there  are  more  than 100 items in the list, only the first 100
          items are returned, along with a unique string called a nextToken  .
          To  get  the  next  batch  of items in the list, call this operation
          again, adding the next token to the call.



                                                     LIST-BUILDS-FOR-PROJECT()
