UPDATE-PROJECT-VISIBILITY()                        UPDATE-PROJECT-VISIBILITY()



NAME
       update-project-visibility -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the  public  visibility for a project. The project's build re-
       sults, logs, and artifacts are available to  the  general  public.  For
       more information, see Public build projects in the CodeBuild User Guide
       .

       WARNING:
          The following should be kept in mind when making your projects  pub-
          lic:

          o All  of  a project's build results, logs, and artifacts, including
            builds that were run when the project was private,  are  available
            to the general public.

          o All build logs and artifacts are available to the public. Environ-
            ment variables, source code, and other sensitive  information  may
            have  been  output  to  the  build logs and artifacts. You must be
            careful about what information is output to the build  logs.  Some
            best practice are:

            o Do  not  store  sensitive values, especially Amazon Web Services
              access key IDs and secret access keys, in environment variables.
              We  recommend that you use an Amazon EC2 Systems Manager Parame-
              ter Store or Secrets Manager to store sensitive values.

            o Follow Best practices for using webhooks in the  CodeBuild  User
              Guide  to  limit  which entities can trigger a build, and do not
              store the buildspec in the project itself, to ensure  that  your
              webhooks are as secure as possible.

          o A malicious user can use public builds to distribute malicious ar-
            tifacts. We recommend that you review all pull requests to  verify
            that  the  pull  request is a legitimate change. We also recommend
            that you validate any artifacts with their checksums to make  sure
            that the correct artifacts are being downloaded.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-project-visibility
          --project-arn <value>
          --project-visibility <value>
          [--resource-access-role <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --project-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the build project.

       --project-visibility (string)
          Specifies  the  visibility  of the project's builds. Possible values
          are:
              PUBLIC_READ

          The project builds are visible to the public.
              PRIVATE

          The project builds are not visible to the public.

          Possible values:

          o PUBLIC_READ

          o PRIVATE

       --resource-access-role (string)
          The ARN of the IAM role that enables CodeBuild to access the  Cloud-
          Watch Logs and Amazon S3 artifacts for the project's builds.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       projectArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the build project.

       publicProjectAlias -> (string)
          Contains the project identifier used with the public build APIs.

       projectVisibility -> (string)
          Specifies  the  visibility  of the project's builds. Possible values
          are:
              PUBLIC_READ

          The project builds are visible to the public.
              PRIVATE

          The project builds are not visible to the public.



                                                   UPDATE-PROJECT-VISIBILITY()
