DELETE-MEMBER()                                                DELETE-MEMBER()



NAME
       delete-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a member. Deleting a member removes the member and all associ-
       ated resources from the network. DeleteMember can only be called for  a
       specified MemberId if the principal performing the action is associated
       with the AWS account that owns the member.  In  all  other  cases,  the
       DeleteMember  action  is  carried out as the result of an approved pro-
       posal to remove a member. If MemberId is the last member in  a  network
       specified by the last AWS account, the network is deleted also.

       Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-member
          --network-id <value>
          --member-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of the network from which the member is re-
          moved.

       --member-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the member to remove.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-MEMBER()
