DELETE-NODE()                                                    DELETE-NODE()



NAME
       delete-node -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a node that your AWS account owns. All data on the node is lost
       and cannot be recovered.

       Applies to Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-node
          --network-id <value>
          [--member-id <value>]
          --node-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the network that the node is on.

          Ethereum public networks have the following NetworkId s:

          o n-ethereum-mainnet

          o n-ethereum-rinkeby

          o n-ethereum-ropsten

       --member-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the member that owns this node.

          Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric and is required  for  Hyperledger
          Fabric.

       --node-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the node.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-NODE()
