GET-NODE()                                                          GET-NODE()



NAME
       get-node -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns detailed information about a node.

       Applies to Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-node
          --network-id <value>
          [--member-id <value>]
          --node-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the network that the node is on.

       --member-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the member that owns the node.

          Applies  only  to Hyperledger Fabric and is required for Hyperledger
          Fabric.

       --node-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the node.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Node -> (structure)
          Properties of the node configuration.

          NetworkId -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the network that the node is on.

          MemberId -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the member to which the node belongs.

              Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the node.

          InstanceType -> (string)
              The instance type of the node.

          AvailabilityZone -> (string)
              The  Availability  Zone  in  which the node exists. Required for
              Ethereum nodes.

          FrameworkAttributes -> (structure)
              Attributes of the blockchain framework being used.

              Fabric -> (structure)
                 Attributes of Hyperledger Fabric for a peer node on a Managed
                 Blockchain network that uses Hyperledger Fabric.

                 PeerEndpoint -> (string)
                     The  endpoint  that identifies the peer node for all ser-
                     vices except peer channel-based event services.

                 PeerEventEndpoint -> (string)
                     The endpoint that identifies the peer node for peer chan-
                     nel-based event services.

              Ethereum -> (structure)
                 Attributes  of  Ethereum  for  a node on a Managed Blockchain
                 network that uses Ethereum.

                 HttpEndpoint -> (string)
                     The endpoint on which the Ethereum node  listens  to  run
                     Ethereum  JSON-RPC  methods  over HTTP connections from a
                     client. Use this endpoint in client code for  smart  con-
                     tracts when using an HTTP connection. Connections to this
                     endpoint are authenticated using Signature Version 4 .

                 WebSocketEndpoint -> (string)
                     The endpoint on which the Ethereum node  listens  to  run
                     Ethereum  JSON-RPC  methods  over  WebSockets connections
                     from a client. Use this endpoint in client code for smart
                     contracts when using a WebSockets connection. Connections
                     to this endpoint are authenticated using  Signature  Ver-
                     sion 4 .

          LogPublishingConfiguration -> (structure)
              Configuration  properties  for  logging events associated with a
              peer node on a Hyperledger Fabric network on Managed Blockchain.

              Fabric -> (structure)
                 Configuration properties for logging events associated with a
                 node  that  is owned by a member of a Managed Blockchain net-
                 work using the Hyperledger Fabric framework.

                 ChaincodeLogs -> (structure)
                     Configuration properties for  logging  events  associated
                     with  chaincode  execution on a peer node. Chaincode logs
                     contain  the  results  of  instantiating,  invoking,  and
                     querying the chaincode. A peer can run multiple instances
                     of chaincode. When enabled, a log stream is  created  for
                     all  chaincodes,  with  an individual log stream for each
                     chaincode.

                     Cloudwatch -> (structure)
                        Parameters for publishing logs  to  Amazon  CloudWatch
                        Logs.

                        Enabled -> (boolean)
                            Indicates whether logging is enabled.

                 PeerLogs -> (structure)
                     Configuration  properties  for a peer node log. Peer node
                     logs contain messages generated when your client  submits
                     transaction  proposals  to  peer  nodes, requests to join
                     channels, enrolls an admin peer, and lists the  chaincode
                     instances on a peer node.

                     Cloudwatch -> (structure)
                        Parameters  for  publishing  logs to Amazon CloudWatch
                        Logs.

                        Enabled -> (boolean)
                            Indicates whether logging is enabled.

          StateDB -> (string)
              The state database that the node uses.  Values  are  LevelDB  or
              CouchDB .

              Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the node.

              o CREATING  -  The  AWS  account is in the process of creating a
                node.

              o AVAILABLE - The node has been created and can  participate  in
                the network.

              o UNHEALTHY - The node is impaired and might not function as ex-
                pected. Amazon Managed Blockchain automatically finds nodes in
                this  state  and  tries to recover them. If a node is recover-
                able, it returns to AVAILABLE . Otherwise, it moves to  FAILED
                status.

              o CREATE_FAILED - The AWS account attempted to create a node and
                creation failed.

              o UPDATING - The node is in the process of being updated.

              o DELETING - The node is in the process of being deleted.

              o DELETED - The node can no longer participate on the network.

              o FAILED - The node is no longer functional,  cannot  be  recov-
                ered, and must be deleted.

              o INACCESSIBLE_ENCRYPTION_KEY  -  The node is impaired and might
                not function as expected because it cannot access  the  speci-
                fied  customer  managed key in AWS KMS for encryption at rest.
                Either the KMS key was disabled or deleted, or the  grants  on
                the  key  were  revoked. The effect of disabling or deleting a
                key, or revoking a grant is not immediate. The  node  resource
                might  take  some  time  to find that the key is inaccessible.
                When a resource is in this state, we  recommend  deleting  and
                recreating the resource.

          CreationDate -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the node was created.

          Tags -> (map)
              Tags  assigned  to  the node. Each tag consists of a key and op-
              tional value.

              For more information about tags, see Tagging  Resources  in  the
              Amazon  Managed Blockchain Ethereum Developer Guide , or Tagging
              Resources in the Amazon Managed  Blockchain  Hyperledger  Fabric
              Developer Guide .

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the node. For more information
              about ARNs and their format, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in
              the AWS General Reference .

          KmsKeyArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the customer managed key in
              AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) that the node uses for  en-
              cryption  at  rest. If the value of this parameter is "AWS Owned
              KMS Key" , the node uses an AWS owned KMS  key  for  encryption.
              The node inherits this parameter from the member that it belongs
              to.

              Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.



                                                                    GET-NODE()
