GET-MEMBER()                                                      GET-MEMBER()



NAME
       get-member -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns detailed information about a member.

       Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-member
          --network-id <value>
          --member-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the network to which the member belongs.

       --member-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the member.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Member -> (structure)
          The properties of a member.

          NetworkId -> (string)
              The  unique  identifier  of  the network to which the member be-
              longs.

          Id -> (string)
              The unique identifier of the member.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the member.

          Description -> (string)
              An optional description for the member.

          FrameworkAttributes -> (structure)
              Attributes relevant to a member  for  the  blockchain  framework
              that the Managed Blockchain network uses.

              Fabric -> (structure)
                 Attributes  of  Hyperledger  Fabric relevant to a member on a
                 Managed Blockchain network that uses Hyperledger Fabric.

                 AdminUsername -> (string)
                     The user name for the initial administrator user for  the
                     member.

                 CaEndpoint -> (string)
                     The  endpoint used to access the member's certificate au-
                     thority.

          LogPublishingConfiguration -> (structure)
              Configuration properties for logging events  associated  with  a
              member.

              Fabric -> (structure)
                 Configuration properties for logging events associated with a
                 member of a Managed Blockchain network using the  Hyperledger
                 Fabric framework.

                 CaLogs -> (structure)
                     Configuration  properties  for  logging events associated
                     with a member's Certificate Authority (CA). CA logs  help
                     you  determine  when  a  member in your account joins the
                     network, or when new peers register with a member CA.

                     Cloudwatch -> (structure)
                        Parameters for publishing logs  to  Amazon  CloudWatch
                        Logs.

                        Enabled -> (boolean)
                            Indicates whether logging is enabled.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of a member.

              o CREATING  -  The  AWS  account is in the process of creating a
                member.

              o AVAILABLE - The member has been created and can participate in
                the network.

              o CREATE_FAILED  -  The AWS account attempted to create a member
                and creation failed.

              o UPDATING - The member is in the process of being updated.

              o DELETING - The member and all associated resources are in  the
                process of being deleted. Either the AWS account that owns the
                member deleted it, or the member is being deleted as  the  re-
                sult of an APPROVED  PROPOSAL to remove the member.

              o DELETED  - The member can no longer participate on the network
                and all associated resources are deleted. Either the  AWS  ac-
                count  that owns the member deleted it, or the member is being
                deleted as the result of an APPROVED  PROPOSAL to  remove  the
                member.

              o INACCESSIBLE_ENCRYPTION_KEY - The member is impaired and might
                not function as expected because it cannot access  the  speci-
                fied  customer  managed key in AWS KMS for encryption at rest.
                Either the KMS key was disabled or deleted, or the  grants  on
                the  key  were  revoked. The effect of disabling or deleting a
                key, or revoking a grant is not immediate. The member resource
                might  take  some  time  to find that the key is inaccessible.
                When a resource is in this state, we  recommend  deleting  and
                recreating the resource.

          CreationDate -> (timestamp)
              The date and time that the member was created.

          Tags -> (map)
              Tags  assigned to the member. Tags consist of a key and optional
              value. For more information about tags, see Tagging Resources in
              the Amazon Managed Blockchain Hyperledger Fabric Developer Guide
              .

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)

          Arn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the member. For more  informa-
              tion  about  ARNs  and  their  format, see Amazon Resource Names
              (ARNs) in the AWS General Reference .

          KmsKeyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the customer  managed  key  in
              AWS  Key  Management  Service (AWS KMS) that the member uses for
              encryption at rest. If the value of this parameter is "AWS Owned
              KMS  Key" , the member uses an AWS owned KMS key for encryption.
              This parameter is inherited by the nodes that this member owns.



                                                                  GET-MEMBER()
