LIST-MEMBERS()                                                  LIST-MEMBERS()



NAME
       list-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the members in a network and properties of their con-
       figurations.

       Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-members
          --network-id <value>
          [--name <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--is-owned | --no-is-owned]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the network for which to list members.

       --name (string)
          The optional name of the member to list.

       --status (string)
          An optional status specifier. If provided, only members currently in
          this status are listed.

          Possible values:

          o CREATING

          o AVAILABLE

          o CREATE_FAILED

          o UPDATING

          o DELETING

          o DELETED

          o INACCESSIBLE_ENCRYPTION_KEY

       --is-owned | --no-is-owned (boolean)
          An  optional  Boolean value. If provided, the request is limited ei-
          ther to members that the current AWS account owns (true  )  or  that
          other AWS accounts own (false ). If omitted, all members are listed.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of members to return in the request.

       --next-token (string)
          The  pagination  token that indicates the next set of results to re-
          trieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Members -> (list)
          An array of MemberSummary  objects.  Each  object  contains  details
          about a network member.

          (structure)
              A summary of configuration properties for a member.

              Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier of the member.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the member.

              Description -> (string)
                 An optional description of the member.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the member.

                 o CREATING  - The AWS account is in the process of creating a
                   member.

                 o AVAILABLE - The member has been created and can participate
                   in the network.

                 o CREATE_FAILED  - The AWS account attempted to create a mem-
                   ber and creation failed.

                 o UPDATING - The member is in the process of being updated.

                 o DELETING - The member and all associated resources  are  in
                   the  process  of being deleted. Either the AWS account that
                   owns the member deleted it, or the member is being  deleted
                   as  the  result of an APPROVED  PROPOSAL to remove the mem-
                   ber.

                 o DELETED - The member can no longer participate on the  net-
                   work  and  all associated resources are deleted. Either the
                   AWS account that owns the member deleted it, or the  member
                   is  being deleted as the result of an APPROVED  PROPOSAL to
                   remove the member.

                 o INACCESSIBLE_ENCRYPTION_KEY - The member  is  impaired  and
                   might not function as expected because it cannot access the
                   specified customer managed key in AWS Key  Management  Ser-
                   vice  (AWS  KMS) for encryption at rest. Either the KMS key
                   was disabled or deleted, or the grants on the key were  re-
                   voked. The effect of disabling or deleting a key, or revok-
                   ing a grant is not immediate.  The  member  resource  might
                   take some time to find that the key is inaccessible. When a
                   resource is in this state, we recommend deleting and recre-
                   ating the resource.

              CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the member was created.

              IsOwned -> (boolean)
                 An  indicator  of whether the member is owned by your AWS ac-
                 count or a different AWS account.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the member. For more infor-
                 mation about ARNs and their format, see Amazon Resource Names
                 (ARNs) in the AWS General Reference .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token that indicates the next set of results  to  re-
          trieve.



                                                                LIST-MEMBERS()
