TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or overwrites the specified tags for the specified Amazon Managed
       Blockchain resource. Each tag consists of a key and optional value.

       When you specify a tag key that already exists, the tag value is  over-
       written with the new value. Use UntagResource to remove tag keys.

       A  resource  can  have up to 50 tags. If you try to create more than 50
       tags for a resource, your request fails and returns an error.

       For more information about tags, see Tagging Resources  in  the  Amazon
       Managed  Blockchain  Ethereum Developer Guide , or Tagging Resources in
       the Amazon Managed Blockchain Hyperledger Fabric Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource. For more information
          about ARNs and their format, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) in the
          AWS General Reference .

       --tags (map)
          The tags to assign to the specified  resource.  Tag  values  can  be
          empty,  for  example,  "MyTagKey"  :  ""  . You can specify multiple
          key-value pairs in a single request, with an overall maximum  of  50
          tags added to each resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
