VOTE-ON-PROPOSAL()                                          VOTE-ON-PROPOSAL()



NAME
       vote-on-proposal -

DESCRIPTION
       Casts a vote for a specified ProposalId on behalf of a member. The mem-
       ber to vote as, specified by VoterMemberId , must be in  the  same  AWS
       account as the principal that calls the action.

       Applies only to Hyperledger Fabric.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            vote-on-proposal
          --network-id <value>
          --proposal-id <value>
          --voter-member-id <value>
          --vote <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --network-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the network.

       --proposal-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the proposal.

       --voter-member-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the member casting the vote.

       --vote (string)
          The value of the vote.

          Possible values:

          o YES

          o NO

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            VOTE-ON-PROPOSAL()
