DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-AUTHENTICATION()        DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-AUTHENTICATION()



NAME
       describe-workspace-authentication -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays  information about the authentication methods used in one Ama-
       zon Managed Grafana workspace.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-workspace-authentication
          --workspace-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workspace-id (string)
          The ID of the workspace to return authentication information about.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       authentication -> (structure)
          A  structure containing information about the authentication methods
          used in the workspace.

          awsSso -> (structure)
              A structure containing  information  about  how  this  workspace
              works with Amazon Web Services SSO.

              ssoClientId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of  the  Amazon Web Services SSO-managed application
                 that is created by Amazon Managed Grafana.

          providers -> (list)
              Specifies whether this workspace uses Amazon Web  Services  SSO,
              SAML,  or  both methods to authenticate users to use the Grafana
              console in the Amazon Managed Grafana workspace.

              (string)

          saml -> (structure)
              A structure containing  information  about  how  this  workspace
              works  with SAML, including what attributes within the assertion
              are to be mapped to user information in the workspace.

              configuration -> (structure)
                 A structure containing details about how this workspace works
                 with SAML.

                 allowedOrganizations -> (list)
                     Lists  which  organizations defined in the SAML assertion
                     are allowed to use the Amazon Managed Grafana  workspace.
                     If  this is empty, all organizations in the assertion at-
                     tribute have access.

                     (string)

                 assertionAttributes -> (structure)
                     A structure that defines which attributes in the SAML as-
                     sertion  are  to  be used to define information about the
                     users authenticated by that IdP to use the workspace.

                     email -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use as the email names for SAML users.

                     groups -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use as the user full "friendly" names for user groups.

                     login -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use as the login names for SAML users.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use as the user full "friendly" names for SAML users.

                     org -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use  as  the user full "friendly" names for the users'
                        organizations.

                     role -> (string)
                        The name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to
                        use as the user roles.

                 idpMetadata -> (structure)
                     A  structure containing the identity provider (IdP) meta-
                     data used to integrate the identity  provider  with  this
                     workspace.

                     url -> (string)
                        The URL of the location containing the metadata.

                     xml -> (string)
                        The actual full metadata file, in XML format.

                 loginValidityDuration -> (integer)
                     How  long  a sign-on session by a SAML user is valid, be-
                     fore the user has to sign on again.

                 roleValues -> (structure)
                     A structure containing arrays that map group names in the
                     SAML  assertion  to the Grafana Admin and Editor roles in
                     the workspace.

                     admin -> (list)
                        A list of groups from the SAML assertion attribute  to
                        grant the Grafana Admin role to.

                        (string)

                     editor -> (list)
                        A  list of groups from the SAML assertion attribute to
                        grant the Grafana Editor role to.

                        (string)

              status -> (string)
                 Specifies whether the workspace's SAML configuration is  com-
                 plete.



                                           DESCRIBE-WORKSPACE-AUTHENTICATION()
