LIST-WORKSPACES()                                            LIST-WORKSPACES()



NAME
       list-workspaces -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  Amazon Managed Grafana workspaces in the account,
       with some information about each workspace. For more complete  informa-
       tion about one workspace, use DescribeWorkspace .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-workspaces is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: workspaces

SYNOPSIS
            list-workspaces
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          The token to use when requesting the next set of workspaces.

       workspaces -> (list)
          An array of structures  that  contain  some  information  about  the
          workspaces in the account.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that contains some information about one workspace
              in the account.

              authentication -> (structure)
                 A structure containing information about  the  authentication
                 methods used in the workspace.

                 providers -> (list)
                     Specifies  whether  the  workspace  uses SAML, Amazon Web
                     Services SSO, or both methods for user authentication.

                     (string)

                 samlConfigurationStatus -> (string)
                     Specifies whether  the  workplace's  user  authentication
                     method is fully configured.

              created -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the workspace was created.

              description -> (string)
                 The customer-entered description of the workspace.

              endpoint -> (string)
                 The  URL endpoint to use to access the Grafana console in the
                 workspace.

              grafanaVersion -> (string)
                 The Grafana version that the workspace is running.

              id -> (string)
                 The unique ID of the workspace.

              modified -> (timestamp)
                 The most recent date that the workspace was modified.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the workspace.

              notificationDestinations -> (list)
                 The Amazon Web Services  notification  channels  that  Amazon
                 Managed  Grafana  can automatically create IAM roles and per-
                 missions for, which allows  Amazon  Managed  Grafana  to  use
                 these channels.

                 (string)

              status -> (string)
                 The current status of the workspace.

              tags -> (map)
                 The list of tags associated with the workspace.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)



                                                             LIST-WORKSPACES()
