UPDATE-WORKSPACE()                                          UPDATE-WORKSPACE()



NAME
       update-workspace -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  an existing Amazon Managed Grafana workspace. If you use this
       operation and omit any optional  parameters,  the  existing  values  of
       those parameters are not changed.

       To modify the user authentication methods that the workspace uses, such
       as SAML or Amazon Web Services SSO, use UpdateWorkspaceAuthentication .

       To modify which users in  the  workspace  have  the  Admin  and  Editor
       Grafana roles, use UpdatePermissions .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-workspace
          [--account-access-type <value>]
          [--organization-role-name <value>]
          [--permission-type <value>]
          [--stack-set-name <value>]
          [--workspace-data-sources <value>]
          [--workspace-description <value>]
          --workspace-id <value>
          [--workspace-name <value>]
          [--workspace-notification-destinations <value>]
          [--workspace-organizational-units <value>]
          [--workspace-role-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-access-type (string)
          Specifies  whether  the workspace can access Amazon Web Services re-
          sources in this Amazon Web Services account only, or whether it  can
          also  access  Amazon Web Services resources in other accounts in the
          same organization. If you specify ORGANIZATION ,  you  must  specify
          which   organizational   units  the  workspace  can  access  in  the
          workspaceOrganizationalUnits parameter.

          Possible values:

          o CURRENT_ACCOUNT

          o ORGANIZATION

       --organization-role-name (string)
          The name of an IAM role that already exists to  use  to  access  re-
          sources through Organizations.

       --permission-type (string)
          If  you  specify  Service Managed , Amazon Managed Grafana automati-
          cally creates the IAM roles and provisions the permissions that  the
          workspace  needs to use Amazon Web Services data sources and notifi-
          cation channels.

          If you specify CUSTOMER_MANAGED , you will manage  those  roles  and
          permissions yourself. If you are creating this workspace in a member
          account of an organization and that account is not a  delegated  ad-
          ministrator  account,  and  you  want  the  workspace to access data
          sources in other Amazon Web Services accounts in  the  organization,
          you must choose CUSTOMER_MANAGED .

          For  more  information,  see  Amazon Managed Grafana permissions and
          policies for Amazon Web Services data sources and notification chan-
          nels

          Possible values:

          o CUSTOMER_MANAGED

          o SERVICE_MANAGED

       --stack-set-name (string)
          The  name  of  the  CloudFormation  stack set to use to generate IAM
          roles to be used for this workspace.

       --workspace-data-sources (list)
          Specify the Amazon Web Services data sources that  you  want  to  be
          queried  in  this  workspace. Specifying these data sources here en-
          ables Amazon Managed Grafana to create  IAM  roles  and  permissions
          that  allow  Amazon Managed Grafana to read data from these sources.
          You must still add them as data sources in the  Grafana  console  in
          the workspace.

          If  you  don't specify a data source here, you can still add it as a
          data source later in the workspace console. However, you  will  then
          have to manually configure permissions for it.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            AMAZON_OPENSEARCH_SERVICE
            CLOUDWATCH
            PROMETHEUS
            XRAY
            TIMESTREAM
            SITEWISE

       --workspace-description (string)
          A description for the workspace. This is used only to help you iden-
          tify this workspace.

       --workspace-id (string)
          The ID of the workspace to update.

       --workspace-name (string)
          A new name for the workspace to update.

       --workspace-notification-destinations (list)
          Specify the Amazon Web Services notification channels that you  plan
          to use in this workspace. Specifying these data sources here enables
          Amazon Managed Grafana to create IAM roles and permissions that  al-
          low Amazon Managed Grafana to use these channels.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            SNS

       --workspace-organizational-units (list)
          Specifies the organizational units that this workspace is allowed to
          use data sources from, if this workspace is in an  account  that  is
          part of an organization.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --workspace-role-arn (string)
          The  workspace needs an IAM role that grants permissions to the Ama-
          zon Web Services resources that the workspace will view  data  from.
          If you already have a role that you want to use, specify it here. If
          you omit this field and you specify some  Amazon  Web  Services  re-
          sources in workspaceDataSources or workspaceNotificationDestinations
          , a new IAM role with the  necessary  permissions  is  automatically
          created.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       workspace -> (structure)
          A structure containing data about the workspace that was created.

          accountAccessType -> (string)
              Specifies whether the workspace can access Amazon  Web  Services
              resources  in  this Amazon Web Services account only, or whether
              it can also access Amazon Web Services resources  in  other  ac-
              counts  in  the same organization. If this is ORGANIZATION , the
              workspaceOrganizationalUnits parameter specifies which organiza-
              tional units the workspace can access.

          authentication -> (structure)
              A structure that describes whether the workspace uses SAML, Ama-
              zon Web Services SSO, or both methods for user authentication.

              providers -> (list)
                 Specifies whether the workspace uses SAML,  Amazon  Web  Ser-
                 vices SSO, or both methods for user authentication.

                 (string)

              samlConfigurationStatus -> (string)
                 Specifies  whether the workplace's user authentication method
                 is fully configured.

          created -> (timestamp)
              The date that the workspace was created.

          dataSources -> (list)
              Specifies the Amazon Web Services data sources  that  have  been
              configured  to  have  IAM roles and permissions created to allow
              Amazon Managed Grafana to read data from these sources.

              (string)

          description -> (string)
              The user-defined description of the workspace.

          endpoint -> (string)
              The URL that users can use to access the Grafana console in  the
              workspace.

          freeTrialConsumed -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether this workspace has already fully used its free
              trial for Grafana Enterprise.

          freeTrialExpiration -> (timestamp)
              If this workspace is currently in  the  free  trial  period  for
              Grafana  Enterprise,  this  value specifies when that free trial
              ends.

          grafanaVersion -> (string)
              The version of Grafana supported in this workspace.

          id -> (string)
              The unique ID of this workspace.

          licenseExpiration -> (timestamp)
              If this workspace has a full Grafana  Enterprise  license,  this
              specifies when the license ends and will need to be renewed.

          licenseType -> (string)
              Specifies  whether  this workspace has a full Grafana Enterprise
              license or a free trial license.

          modified -> (timestamp)
              The most recent date that the workspace was modified.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the workspace.

          notificationDestinations -> (list)
              The Amazon Web Services notification channels that  Amazon  Man-
              aged  Grafana can automatically create IAM roles and permissions
              for, to allow Amazon Managed Grafana to use these channels.

              (string)

          organizationRoleName -> (string)
              The name of the IAM  role  that  is  used  to  access  resources
              through Organizations.

          organizationalUnits -> (list)
              Specifies  the  organizational  units that this workspace is al-
              lowed to use data sources from, if this workspace is in  an  ac-
              count that is part of an organization.

              (string)

          permissionType -> (string)
              If  this  is  Service Managed , Amazon Managed Grafana automati-
              cally creates the IAM roles and provisions the permissions  that
              the  workspace needs to use Amazon Web Services data sources and
              notification channels.

              If this is CUSTOMER_MANAGED , you manage those roles and permis-
              sions  yourself.  If you are creating this workspace in a member
              account of an organization and that account is not  a  delegated
              administrator account, and you want the workspace to access data
              sources in other Amazon Web Services accounts in  the  organiza-
              tion, you must choose CUSTOMER_MANAGED .

              For more information, see Amazon Managed Grafana permissions and
              policies for Amazon Web Services data sources  and  notification
              channels

          stackSetName -> (string)
              The  name of the CloudFormation stack set that is used to gener-
              ate IAM roles to be used for this workspace.

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the workspace.

          workspaceRoleArn -> (string)
              The IAM role that grants permissions to the Amazon Web  Services
              resources that the workspace will view data from. This role must
              already exist.



                                                            UPDATE-WORKSPACE()
