DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()                                    DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()



NAME
       db-instance-deleted -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait   until   JMESPath  query  DBInstances[].DBInstanceStatus  returns
       deleted for all elements when polling  with  describe-db-instances.  It
       will  poll  every 30 seconds until a successful state has been reached.
       This will exit with a return code of 255 after 60 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       db-instance-deleted is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: DBInstances

SYNOPSIS
            db-instance-deleted
          [--db-instance-identifier <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-instance-identifier (string)
          The  user-provided  instance identifier. If this parameter is speci-
          fied, information from only the specific instance is returned.  This
          parameter isn't case sensitive.

          Constraints:

          o If provided, must match the identifier of an existing DBInstance .

       --filters (list)
          A filter that specifies one or more instances to describe.

          Supported filters:

          o db-cluster-id - Accepts cluster identifiers and cluster Amazon Re-
            source Names (ARNs). The results list includes only  the  informa-
            tion  about  the  instances  that are associated with the clusters
            that are identified by these ARNs.

          o db-instance-id - Accepts instance identifiers and  instance  ARNs.
            The results list includes only the information about the instances
            that are identified by these ARNs.

          (structure)
              A named set of filter values, used to  return  a  more  specific
              list  of  results.  You  can  use a filter to match a set of re-
              sources by specific criteria, such as IDs.

              Wildcards are not supported in filters.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 One or more filter values. Filter values are case sensitive.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To pause running until the specified cluster instance is deleted

       The following wait db-instance-deleted  command  pauses  and  continues
       only  after it can confirm that the specified database cluster instance
       is deleted.

          aws docdb wait db-instance-deleted \
              --db-instance-identifier "sample-instance"

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DB-INSTANCE-DELETED()
