DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()                                    DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-subnet-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a subnet group.

       NOTE:
          You  cannot  delete  a subnet group if it is associated with any DAX
          clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-subnet-group
          --subnet-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subnet-group-name (string)
          The name of the subnet group to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a subnet group

       The following delete-subnet-group example  deletes  the  specified  DAX
       subnet group.

          aws dax delete-subnet-group \
              --subnet-group-name daxSubnetGroup

       Output:

          {
              "DeletionMessage": "Subnet group daxSubnetGroup has been deleted."
          }

       For  more information, see Managing DAX Clusters in the Amazon DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       DeletionMessage -> (string)
          A user-specified message for this action (i.e., a reason for  delet-
          ing the subnet group).



                                                         DELETE-SUBNET-GROUP()
