DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()                        DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()



NAME
       describe-parameter-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of parameter group descriptions. If a parameter group
       name is specified, the list will contain only the descriptions for that
       group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-parameter-groups  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: ParameterGroups

SYNOPSIS
            describe-parameter-groups
          [--parameter-group-names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-names (list)
          The names of the parameter groups.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To describe the parameter groups defined in DAX

       The following describe-parameter-groups example retrieves details about
       the parameter groups that are defined in DAX.

          aws dax describe-parameter-groups

       Output:

          {
              "ParameterGroups": [
                  {
                      "ParameterGroupName": "default.dax1.0",
                      "Description": "Default parameter group for dax1.0"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see Managing DAX Clusters in the Amazon DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          Provides an identifier to allow retrieval of paginated results.

       ParameterGroups -> (list)
          An array of parameter groups. Each element in the  array  represents
          one parameter group.

          (structure)
              A  named  set of parameters that are applied to all of the nodes
              in a DAX cluster.

              ParameterGroupName -> (string)
                 The name of the parameter group.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the parameter group.



                                                   DESCRIBE-PARAMETER-GROUPS()
