LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       List  all of the tags for a DAX cluster. You can call ListTags up to 10
       times per second, per account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation by providing the --no-paginate argument.   When  using  --output
       text  and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query ar-
       gument must extract data from the results of the  following  query  ex-
       pressions: Tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The name of the DAX resource to which the tags belong.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list tags on a DAX resource

       The  following list-tags example lists the tag keys and values attached
       to the specified DAX cluster.

          aws dax list-tags \
              --resource-name arn:aws:dax:us-west-2:123456789012:cache/daxcluster

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "ClusterUsage",
                      "Value": "prod"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Managing DAX Clusters in the Amazon  DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          A list of tags currently associated with the DAX cluster.

          (structure)
              A  description  of a tag. Every tag is a key-value pair. You can
              add up to 50 tags to a single DAX cluster.

              AWS-assigned tag names and values are automatically assigned the
              aws:  prefix,  which  the  user  cannot assign. AWS-assigned tag
              names do not count towards the tag limit  of  50.  User-assigned
              tag names have the prefix user: .

              You cannot backdate the application of a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key  for the tag. Tag keys are case sensitive. Every DAX
                 cluster can only have one tag with the same key. If  you  try
                 to  add  an  existing  tag (same key), the existing tag value
                 will be updated to the new value.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive  and  can
                 be null.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  this  value  is present, there are additional results to be dis-
          played. To retrieve them, call ListTags again, with NextToken set to
          this value.



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
