TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a set of tags with a DAX resource. You can call TagResource
       up to 5 times per second, per account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The name of the DAX resource to which tags should be added.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to be assigned to the DAX resource.

          (structure)
              A description of a tag. Every tag is a key-value pair.  You  can
              add up to 50 tags to a single DAX cluster.

              AWS-assigned tag names and values are automatically assigned the
              aws: prefix, which the  user  cannot  assign.  AWS-assigned  tag
              names  do  not  count towards the tag limit of 50. User-assigned
              tag names have the prefix user: .

              You cannot backdate the application of a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. Tag keys are case sensitive.  Every  DAX
                 cluster  can  only have one tag with the same key. If you try
                 to add an existing tag (same key),  the  existing  tag  value
                 will be updated to the new value.

              Value -> (string)
                 The  value  of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive and can
                 be null.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To tag a DAX resource

       The following tag-resource example attaches the specified tag key  name
       and associated value to the specified DAX cluster to describe the clus-
       ter usage.

          aws dax tag-resource \
              --resource-name arn:aws:dax:us-west-2:123456789012:cache/daxcluster \
              --tags="Key=ClusterUsage,Value=prod"

       Output:

          {
              "Tags": [
                  {
                      "Key": "ClusterUsage",
                      "Value": "prod"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Managing DAX Clusters in the Amazon  DynamoDB
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Tags -> (list)
          The list of tags that are associated with the DAX resource.

          (structure)
              A  description  of a tag. Every tag is a key-value pair. You can
              add up to 50 tags to a single DAX cluster.

              AWS-assigned tag names and values are automatically assigned the
              aws:  prefix,  which  the  user  cannot assign. AWS-assigned tag
              names do not count towards the tag limit  of  50.  User-assigned
              tag names have the prefix user: .

              You cannot backdate the application of a tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The  key  for the tag. Tag keys are case sensitive. Every DAX
                 cluster can only have one tag with the same key. If  you  try
                 to  add  an  existing  tag (same key), the existing tag value
                 will be updated to the new value.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag. Tag values are case-sensitive  and  can
                 be null.



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
