UPDATE-PARAMETER-GROUP()                              UPDATE-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       update-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Modifies  the  parameters of a parameter group. You can modify up to 20
       parameters in a single request by submitting a list parameter name  and
       value pairs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-parameter-group
          --parameter-group-name <value>
          --parameter-name-values <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the parameter group.

       --parameter-name-values (list)
          An  array  of name-value pairs for the parameters in the group. Each
          element in the array represents a single parameter.

          NOTE:
              record-ttl-millis and query-ttl-millis are  the  only  supported
              parameter  names. For more details, see Configuring TTL Settings
              .

          (structure)
              An individual DAX parameter.

              ParameterName -> (string)
                 The name of the parameter.

              ParameterValue -> (string)
                 The value of the parameter.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          ParameterName=string,ParameterValue=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "ParameterName": "string",
              "ParameterValue": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ParameterGroup -> (structure)
          The parameter group that has been modified.

          ParameterGroupName -> (string)
              The name of the parameter group.

          Description -> (string)
              A description of the parameter group.



                                                      UPDATE-PARAMETER-GROUP()
