CREATE-INSTANCE-ACCESSCREATE-INSTANCE-ACCESS-CONTROL-ATTRIBUTE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-instance-access-control-attribute-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  the  attributes-based  access  control  (ABAC) feature for the
       specified Amazon Web Services SSO instance. You can  also  specify  new
       attributes  to  add  to  your  ABAC  configuration  during the enabling
       process. For more information about ABAC,  see  Attribute-Based  Access
       Control in the Amazon Web Services SSO User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-instance-access-control-attribute-configuration
          --instance-arn <value>
          --instance-access-control-attribute-configuration <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted.

       --instance-access-control-attribute-configuration (structure)
          Specifies the Amazon Web Services SSO identity store  attributes  to
          add  to  your  ABAC  configuration.  When using an external identity
          provider as an identity source, you can pass attributes through  the
          SAML  assertion. Doing so provides an alternative to configuring at-
          tributes from the Amazon Web Services SSO identity store. If a  SAML
          assertion  passes  any  of these attributes, Amazon Web Services SSO
          will replace the attribute value with the value from the Amazon  Web
          Services SSO identity store.

          AccessControlAttributes -> (list)
              Lists  the attributes that are configured for ABAC in the speci-
              fied Amazon Web Services SSO instance.

              (structure)
                 These are Amazon Web Services SSO identity  store  attributes
                 that  you  can  configure  for use in attributes-based access
                 control (ABAC). You can create permissions policies that  de-
                 termine  who  can  access  your Amazon Web Services resources
                 based upon the configured attribute values. When  you  enable
                 ABAC  and  specify  AccessControlAttributes , Amazon Web Ser-
                 vices SSO passes the attribute values  of  the  authenticated
                 user into IAM for use in policy evaluation.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The name of the attribute associated with your identities
                     in your identity source. This is used to map a  specified
                     attribute  in  your  identity source with an attribute in
                     Amazon Web Services SSO.

                 Value -> (structure)
                     The value used for mapping a specified  attribute  to  an
                     identity source.

                     Source -> (list)
                        The  identity  source  to use when mapping a specified
                        attribute to Amazon Web Services SSO.

                        (string)

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "AccessControlAttributes": [
              {
                "Key": "string",
                "Value": {
                  "Source": ["string", ...]
                }
              }
              ...
            ]
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                      CREATE-INSTANCE-ACCESS-CONTROL-ATTRIBUTE-CONFIGURATION()
