DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-ACDESCRIBE-INSTANCE-ACCESS-CONTROL-ATTRIBUTE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-instance-access-control-attribute-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  list of Amazon Web Services SSO identity store attributes
       that have been configured to work with attributes-based access  control
       (ABAC)  for  the  specified Amazon Web Services SSO instance. This will
       not return attributes configured  and  sent  by  an  external  identity
       provider.  For  more information about ABAC, see Attribute-Based Access
       Control in the Amazon Web Services SSO User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-instance-access-control-attribute-configuration
          --instance-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The ARN of the SSO instance under which the operation will  be  exe-
          cuted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Status -> (string)
          The status of the attribute configuration process.

       StatusReason -> (string)
          Provides  more details about the current status of the specified at-
          tribute.

       InstanceAccessControlAttributeConfiguration -> (structure)
          Gets the list of Amazon Web Services SSO identity  store  attributes
          that have been added to your ABAC configuration.

          AccessControlAttributes -> (list)
              Lists  the attributes that are configured for ABAC in the speci-
              fied Amazon Web Services SSO instance.

              (structure)
                 These are Amazon Web Services SSO identity  store  attributes
                 that  you  can  configure  for use in attributes-based access
                 control (ABAC). You can create permissions policies that  de-
                 termine  who  can  access  your Amazon Web Services resources
                 based upon the configured attribute values. When  you  enable
                 ABAC  and  specify  AccessControlAttributes , Amazon Web Ser-
                 vices SSO passes the attribute values  of  the  authenticated
                 user into IAM for use in policy evaluation.

                 Key -> (string)
                     The name of the attribute associated with your identities
                     in your identity source. This is used to map a  specified
                     attribute  in  your  identity source with an attribute in
                     Amazon Web Services SSO.

                 Value -> (structure)
                     The value used for mapping a specified  attribute  to  an
                     identity source.

                     Source -> (list)
                        The  identity  source  to use when mapping a specified
                        attribute to Amazon Web Services SSO.

                        (string)



                    DESCRIBE-INSTANCE-ACCESS-CONTROL-ATTRIBUTE-CONFIGURATION()
