DESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONDESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONING-STATUS()



NAME
       describe-permission-set-provisioning-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the status for the given permission set provisioning request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-permission-set-provisioning-status
          --instance-arn <value>
          --provision-permission-set-request-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --provision-permission-set-request-id (string)
          The identifier that is provided by the  ProvisionPermissionSet  call
          to retrieve the current status of the provisioning workflow.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PermissionSetProvisioningStatus -> (structure)
          The status object for the permission set provisioning operation.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the permission set provisioning process.

          RequestId -> (string)
              The identifier for tracking the request operation that is gener-
              ated by the universally unique identifier (UUID) workflow.

          AccountId -> (string)
              The  identifier of the Amazon Web Services account from which to
              list the assignments.

          PermissionSetArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the permission set that  is  being  provisioned.  For
              more  information  about  ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)
              and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces  in  the  Amazon  Web
              Services General Reference .

          FailureReason -> (string)
              The  message  that  contains an error or exception in case of an
              operation failure.

          CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
              The date that the permission set was created.



                                 DESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONING-STATUS()
