DESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET()                            DESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       describe-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the details of the permission set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the permission set.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PermissionSet -> (structure)
          Describes the level of access on an Amazon Web Services account.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the permission set.

          PermissionSetArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the permission set. For more information about  ARNs,
              see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and Amazon Web Services Service
              Namespaces in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the  PermissionSet .

          CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
              The date that the permission set was created.

          SessionDuration -> (string)
              The length of time that the application user sessions are  valid
              for in the ISO-8601 standard.

          RelayState -> (string)
              Used to redirect users within the application during the federa-
              tion authentication process.



                                                     DESCRIBE-PERMISSION-SET()
