DETACH-CUSTOMER-DETACH-CUSTOMER-MANAGED-POLICY-REFERENCE-FROM-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       detach-customer-managed-policy-reference-from-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches the specified customer managed policy from the specified  Per-
       missionSet .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-customer-managed-policy-reference-from-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          --customer-managed-policy-reference <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Amazon Web Services SSO instance under which the  op-
          eration will be executed.

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the PermissionSet .

       --customer-managed-policy-reference (structure)
          Specifies  the  name and path of a customer managed policy. You must
          have an IAM policy that matches the name and path in each Amazon Web
          Services account where you want to deploy your permission set.

          Name -> (string)
              The  name of the IAM policy that you have configured in each ac-
              count where you want to deploy your permission set.

          Path -> (string)
              The path to the IAM policy that you have configured in each  ac-
              count  where you want to deploy your permission set. The default
              is / . For more information, see Friendly names and paths in the
              Identity and Access Management User Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Path=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Name": "string",
            "Path": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                DETACH-CUSTOMER-MANAGED-POLICY-REFERENCE-FROM-PERMISSION-SET()
