GET-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY-FOR-PERMGET-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY-FOR-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       get-permissions-boundary-for-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtains the permissions boundary for a specified  PermissionSet .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-permissions-boundary-for-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN of the Amazon Web Services SSO instance under which the op-
          eration will be executed.

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the PermissionSet .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PermissionsBoundary -> (structure)
          The permissions boundary attached to the specified permission set.

          CustomerManagedPolicyReference -> (structure)
              Specifies  the  name  and path of a customer managed policy. You
              must have an IAM policy that matches the name and path  in  each
              Amazon  Web  Services account where you want to deploy your per-
              mission set.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the IAM policy that you have configured  in  each
                 account where you want to deploy your permission set.

              Path -> (string)
                 The  path  to the IAM policy that you have configured in each
                 account where you want to deploy your permission set. The de-
                 fault  is  /  .  For more information, see Friendly names and
                 paths in the Identity and Access Management User Guide .

          ManagedPolicyArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Web Services managed policy ARN that you want to  at-
              tach to a permission set as a permissions boundary.



                                 GET-PERMISSIONS-BOUNDARY-FOR-PERMISSION-SET()
