LIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENT-DELETION-STATLIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENT-DELETION-STATUS()



NAME
       list-account-assignment-deletion-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the status of the Amazon Web Services account assignment deletion
       requests for a specified SSO instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-account-assignment-deletion-status is a paginated operation.  Mul-
       tiple  API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set
       of results. You can disable pagination by providing  the  --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: AccountAssignmentsDeletionStatus

SYNOPSIS
            list-account-assignment-deletion-status
          --instance-arn <value>
          [--filter <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --filter (structure)
          Filters results based on the passed attribute value.

          Status -> (string)
              Filters the list operations result based on  the  status  attri-
              bute.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Status=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Status": "IN_PROGRESS"|"FAILED"|"SUCCEEDED"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AccountAssignmentsDeletionStatus -> (list)
          The status object for the account assignment deletion operation.

          (structure)
              Provides information about the  AccountAssignment  creation  re-
              quest.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the permission set provisioning process.

              RequestId -> (string)
                 The  identifier  for  tracking  the request operation that is
                 generated by the universally unique identifier  (UUID)  work-
                 flow.

              CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the permission set was created.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                                     LIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENT-DELETION-STATUS()
