LIST-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONING-STATLIST-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONING-STATUS()



NAME
       list-permission-set-provisioning-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  status  of  the  permission set provisioning requests for a
       specified Amazon Web Services SSO instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-permission-set-provisioning-status is a paginated operation.  Mul-
       tiple  API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set
       of results. You can disable pagination by providing  the  --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: PermissionSetsProvisioningStatus

SYNOPSIS
            list-permission-set-provisioning-status
          --instance-arn <value>
          [--filter <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN of the Amazon Web Services SSO instance under which the op-
          eration will be executed.  For  more  information  about  ARNs,  see
          Amazon  Resource  Names (ARNs) and Amazon Web Services Service Name-
          spaces in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

       --filter (structure)
          Filters results based on the passed attribute value.

          Status -> (string)
              Filters the list operations result based on  the  status  attri-
              bute.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Status=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Status": "IN_PROGRESS"|"FAILED"|"SUCCEEDED"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PermissionSetsProvisioningStatus -> (list)
          The status object for the permission set provisioning operation.

          (structure)
              Provides  information about the permission set provisioning sta-
              tus.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the permission set provisioning process.

              RequestId -> (string)
                 The identifier for tracking the  request  operation  that  is
                 generated  by  the universally unique identifier (UUID) work-
                 flow.

              CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the permission set was created.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is  null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                                     LIST-PERMISSION-SET-PROVISIONING-STATUS()
