LIST-CUSTOMER-MANAGLIST-CUSTOMER-MANAGED-POLICY-REFERENCES-IN-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       list-customer-managed-policy-references-in-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  customer  managed policies attached to a specified  Permis-
       sionSet .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-customer-managed-policy-references-in-permission-set  is  a  pagi-
       nated  operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in order to retrieve
       the entire data set of results. You can disable pagination by providing
       the  --no-paginate  argument.  When using --output text and the --query
       argument on a paginated response, the  --query  argument  must  extract
       data  from the results of the following query expressions: CustomerMan-
       agedPolicyReferences

SYNOPSIS
            list-customer-managed-policy-references-in-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Amazon Web Services SSO instance under which the  op-
          eration will be executed.

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the PermissionSet .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CustomerManagedPolicyReferences -> (list)
          Specifies  the names and paths of the customer managed policies that
          you have attached to your permission set.

          (structure)
              Specifies the name and path of a customer  managed  policy.  You
              must  have  an IAM policy that matches the name and path in each
              Amazon Web Services account where you want to deploy  your  per-
              mission set.

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name  of the IAM policy that you have configured in each
                 account where you want to deploy your permission set.

              Path -> (string)
                 The path to the IAM policy that you have configured  in  each
                 account where you want to deploy your permission set. The de-
                 fault is / . For more information,  see  Friendly  names  and
                 paths in the Identity and Access Management User Guide .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                   LIST-CUSTOMER-MANAGED-POLICY-REFERENCES-IN-PERMISSION-SET()
