LIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENTS()                          LIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENTS()



NAME
       list-account-assignments -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  assignee  of the specified Amazon Web Services account with
       the specified permission set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-account-assignments is a paginated operation. Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: AccountAssignments

SYNOPSIS
            list-account-assignments
          --instance-arn <value>
          --account-id <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --account-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Web Services account from which to list
          the assignments.

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the permission set from which to list assignments.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AccountAssignments -> (list)
          The list of assignments that match the input Amazon Web Services ac-
          count and permission set.

          (structure)
              The assignment that indicates a principal's limited access to  a
              specified  Amazon  Web Services account with a specified permis-
              sion set.

              NOTE:
                 The term principal here refers to a user or group that is de-
                 fined in Amazon Web Services SSO.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the Amazon Web Services account.

              PermissionSetArn -> (string)
                 The  ARN  of  the  permission set. For more information about
                 ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and  Amazon  Web  Ser-
                 vices  Service  Namespaces in the Amazon Web Services General
                 Reference .

              PrincipalType -> (string)
                 The entity type for which the assignment will be created.

              PrincipalId -> (string)
                 An identifier for an object in Amazon Web Services SSO,  such
                 as  a  user  or  group.  PrincipalIds are GUIDs (For example,
                 f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6). For  more  information
                 about PrincipalIds in Amazon Web Services SSO, see the Amazon
                 Web Services SSO Identity Store API Reference .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is  null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                                                    LIST-ACCOUNT-ASSIGNMENTS()
