LIST-INSTANCES()                                              LIST-INSTANCES()



NAME
       list-instances -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the SSO instances that the caller has access to.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-instances  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Instances

SYNOPSIS
            list-instances
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Instances -> (list)
          Lists the SSO instances that the caller has access to.

          (structure)
              Provides information about the SSO instance.

              InstanceArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the SSO instance under which the operation will be
                 executed.  For  more  information  about ARNs, see Amazon Re-
                 source Names (ARNs) and Amazon  Web  Services  Service  Name-
                 spaces in the Amazon Web Services General Reference .

              IdentityStoreId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the identity store that is connected to the
                 SSO instance.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is  null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                                                              LIST-INSTANCES()
