LIST-MANAGED-POLICIES-IN-PERMISSION-SLIST-MANAGED-POLICIES-IN-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       list-managed-policies-in-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the IAM managed policy that is attached to a specified permission
       set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-managed-policies-in-permission-set is a paginated operation.  Mul-
       tiple  API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set
       of results. You can disable pagination by providing  the  --no-paginate
       argument.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a pagi-
       nated response, the --query argument must extract data from the results
       of the following query expressions: AttachedManagedPolicies

SYNOPSIS
            list-managed-policies-in-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the  PermissionSet whose managed policies will be listed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AttachedManagedPolicies -> (list)
          The array of the  AttachedManagedPolicy data type object.

          (structure)
              A structure that stores the details of the IAM managed policy.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the IAM managed policy.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the IAM managed policy. For more information about
                 ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and  Amazon  Web  Ser-
                 vices  Service  Namespaces in the Amazon Web Services General
                 Reference .

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token for the list API. Initially the value is  null.
          Use the output of previous API calls to make subsequent calls.



                                     LIST-MANAGED-POLICIES-IN-PERMISSION-SET()
