PROVISION-PERMISSION-SET()                          PROVISION-PERMISSION-SET()



NAME
       provision-permission-set -

DESCRIPTION
       The  process  by which a specified permission set is provisioned to the
       specified target.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            provision-permission-set
          --instance-arn <value>
          --permission-set-arn <value>
          [--target-id <value>]
          --target-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The ARN of the SSO instance under which the operation will  be  exe-
          cuted.  For  more  information about ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names
          (ARNs) and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon  Web
          Services General Reference .

       --permission-set-arn (string)
          The ARN of the permission set.

       --target-id (string)
          TargetID  is  an Amazon Web Services account identifier, typically a
          10-12 digit string (For example, 123456789012).

       --target-type (string)
          The entity type for which the assignment will be created.

          Possible values:

          o AWS_ACCOUNT

          o ALL_PROVISIONED_ACCOUNTS

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PermissionSetProvisioningStatus -> (structure)
          The status object for the permission set provisioning operation.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of the permission set provisioning process.

          RequestId -> (string)
              The identifier for tracking the request operation that is gener-
              ated by the universally unique identifier (UUID) workflow.

          AccountId -> (string)
              The  identifier of the Amazon Web Services account from which to
              list the assignments.

          PermissionSetArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the permission set that  is  being  provisioned.  For
              more  information  about  ARNs, see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)
              and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces  in  the  Amazon  Web
              Services General Reference .

          FailureReason -> (string)
              The  message  that  contains an error or exception in case of an
              operation failure.

          CreatedDate -> (timestamp)
              The date that the permission set was created.



                                                    PROVISION-PERMISSION-SET()
