TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates a set of tags with a specified resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --instance-arn <value>
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of the SSO instance under which the operation will be exe-
          cuted. For more information about ARNs, see  Amazon  Resource  Names
          (ARNs)  and Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces in the Amazon Web
          Services General Reference .

       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource with the tags to be listed.

       --tags (list)
          A set of key-value pairs that are used to manage the resource.

          (structure)
              A set of key-value pairs that are used to manage  the  resource.
              Tags  can  only  be applied to permission sets and cannot be ap-
              plied to corresponding roles that Amazon Web Services  SSO  cre-
              ates in Amazon Web Services accounts.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
