DEACTIVATE-USER()                                            DEACTIVATE-USER()



NAME
       deactivate-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Deactivates the specified user, which revokes the user's access to Ama-
       zon WorkDocs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deactivate-user
          --user-id <value>
          [--authentication-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-id (string)
          The ID of the user.

       --authentication-token (string)
          Amazon WorkDocs authentication token. Not required  when  using  AWS
          administrator credentials to access the API.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deactivate a user

       This example deactivates an active user.

       Command:

          aws workdocs deactivate-user --user-id "S-1-1-11-1111111111-2222222222-3333333333-3333&d-926726012c"

       Output:

          None

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DEACTIVATE-USER()
