DELETE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTION()          DELETE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTION()



NAME
       delete-notification-subscription -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified subscription from the specified organization.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-notification-subscription
          --subscription-id <value>
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --subscription-id (string)
          The ID of the subscription.

       --organization-id (string)
          The ID of the organization.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a notification subscription

       The  following  delete-notification-subscription  example  deletes  the
       specified notification subscription.

          aws workdocs delete-notification-subscription \
              --subscription-id 123ab4c5-678d-901e-f23g-45h6789j0123 \
              --organization-id d-123456789c

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Subscribe  to  Notifications  in  the  Amazon
       WorkDocs Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DELETE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTION()
