DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTIONS()    DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTIONS()



NAME
       describe-notification-subscriptions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the specified notification subscriptions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-notification-subscriptions  is a paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: Subscriptions

SYNOPSIS
            describe-notification-subscriptions
          --organization-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --organization-id (string)
          The ID of the organization.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of notification subscriptions

       The following describe-notification-subscriptions example retrieves the
       notification  subscriptions for the specified Amazon WorkDocs organiza-
       tion.

          aws workdocs describe-notification-subscriptions \
              --organization-id d-123456789c

       Output:

          {
              "Subscriptions": [
                  {
                      "SubscriptionId": "123ab4c5-678d-901e-f23g-45h6789j0123",
                      "EndPoint": "https://example.com/example",
                      "Protocol": "HTTPS"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Subscribe  to  Notifications  in  the  Amazon
       WorkDocs Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       Subscriptions -> (list)
          The subscriptions.

          (structure)
              Describes a subscription.

              SubscriptionId -> (string)
                 The ID of the subscription.

              EndPoint -> (string)
                 The endpoint of the subscription.

              Protocol -> (string)
                 The protocol of the subscription.

       Marker -> (string)
          The  marker to use when requesting the next set of results. If there
          are no additional results, the string is empty.



                                         DESCRIBE-NOTIFICATION-SUBSCRIPTIONS()
