REMOVE-RESOURCE-PERMISSION()                      REMOVE-RESOURCE-PERMISSION()



NAME
       remove-resource-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  permission for the specified principal from the specified
       resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-resource-permission
          [--authentication-token <value>]
          --resource-id <value>
          --principal-id <value>
          [--principal-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-token (string)
          Amazon WorkDocs authentication token. Not required  when  using  AWS
          administrator credentials to access the API.

       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the resource.

       --principal-id (string)
          The principal ID of the resource.

       --principal-type (string)
          The principal type of the resource.

          Possible values:

          o USER

          o GROUP

          o INVITE

          o ANONYMOUS

          o ORGANIZATION

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove permissions from a resource

       This  example  removes  permissions from the resource for the specified
       principal.

       Command:

          aws workdocs remove-resource-permission --resource-id 1ece93e5fe75315c7407c4967918b4fd9da87ddb2a588e67b7fdaf4a98fde678 --principal-id anonymous

       Output:

          None

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  REMOVE-RESOURCE-PERMISSION()
