REMOVE-ALL-RESOURCE-PERMISSIONS()            REMOVE-ALL-RESOURCE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       remove-all-resource-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes all the permissions from the specified resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-all-resource-permissions
          [--authentication-token <value>]
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --authentication-token (string)
          Amazon  WorkDocs  authentication  token. Not required when using AWS
          administrator credentials to access the API.

       --resource-id (string)
          The ID of the resource.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove all permissions from a specified resource

       This example removes all permissions from the specified resource.

       Command:

          aws workdocs remove-all-resource-permissions --resource-id 1ece93e5fe75315c7407c4967918b4fd9da87ddb2a588e67b7fdaf4a98fde678

       Output:

          None

OUTPUT
       None



                                             REMOVE-ALL-RESOURCE-PERMISSIONS()
