DELETE-USAGE-LIMIT()                                      DELETE-USAGE-LIMIT()



NAME
       delete-usage-limit -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a usage limit from Amazon Redshift Serverless.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-usage-limit
          --usage-limit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --usage-limit-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the usage limit to delete.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       usageLimit -> (structure)
          The deleted usage limit object.

          amount -> (long)
              The limit amount. If time-based, this amount is in RPUs consumed
              per  hour.  If data-based, this amount is in terabytes (TB). The
              value must be a positive number.

          breachAction -> (string)
              The action that Amazon Redshift Serverless takes when the  limit
              is reached.

          period -> (string)
              The  time period that the amount applies to. A weekly period be-
              gins on Sunday. The default is monthly.

          resourceArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the  Amazon  Red-
              shift Serverless resource.

          usageLimitArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resource associated with
              the usage limit.

          usageLimitId -> (string)
              The identifier of the usage limit.

          usageType -> (string)
              The Amazon Redshift Serverless feature to limit.



                                                          DELETE-USAGE-LIMIT()
