ROTATE-TUNNEL-ACCESS-TOKEN()                      ROTATE-TUNNEL-ACCESS-TOKEN()



NAME
       rotate-tunnel-access-token -

DESCRIPTION
       Revokes  the  current client access token (CAT) and returns new CAT for
       clients to use when reconnecting to secure tunneling to access the same
       tunnel.

       Requires permission to access the RotateTunnelAccessToken action.

       NOTE:
          Rotating  the  CAT  doesn't extend the tunnel duration. For example,
          say the tunnel duration is 12 hours and the tunnel has already  been
          open  for 4 hours. When you rotate the access tokens, the new tokens
          that are generated can only be used for the remaining 8 hours.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            rotate-tunnel-access-token
          --tunnel-id <value>
          --client-mode <value>
          [--destination-config <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tunnel-id (string)
          The tunnel for which you want to rotate the access tokens.

       --client-mode (string)
          The mode of the client that will use the client token, which can  be
          either the source or destination, or both source and destination.

          Possible values:

          o SOURCE

          o DESTINATION

          o ALL

       --destination-config (structure)
          The destination configuration.

          thingName -> (string)
              The name of the IoT thing to which you want to connect.

          services -> (list)
              A  list  of  service names that identify the target application.
              The IoT client running on  the  destination  device  reads  this
              value and uses it to look up a port or an IP address and a port.
              The IoT client instantiates the local proxy, which uses this in-
              formation to connect to the destination application.

              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          thingName=string,services=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "thingName": "string",
            "services": ["string", ...]
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tunnelArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name for the tunnel.

       sourceAccessToken -> (string)
          The client access token that the source local proxy uses to  connect
          to IoT Secure Tunneling.

       destinationAccessToken -> (string)
          The  client  access  token  that the destination local proxy uses to
          connect to IoT Secure Tunneling.



                                                  ROTATE-TUNNEL-ACCESS-TOKEN()
