LIST-WEBSITE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITIES()  LIST-WEBSITE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITIES()



NAME
       list-website-certificate-authorities -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  list of certificate authorities added for the current ac-
       count and Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-website-certificate-authorities
          --fleet-arn <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --fleet-arn (string)
          The ARN of the fleet.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to be included in the next page.

       --next-token (string)
          The pagination token used to retrieve the next page of  results  for
          this operation. If this value is null, it retrieves the first page.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       WebsiteCertificateAuthorities -> (list)
          Information about the certificates.

          (structure)
              The summary of the certificate authority (CA).

              WebsiteCaId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier for the CA.

              CreatedTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the CA was added.

              DisplayName -> (string)
                 The name to display.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination  token used to retrieve the next page of results for
          this operation. If there are no more pages, this value is null.



                                        LIST-WEBSITE-CERTIFICATE-AUTHORITIES()
