UPDATE-FLEET-METADATA()                                UPDATE-FLEET-METADATA()



NAME
       update-fleet-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates fleet metadata, such as DisplayName.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-fleet-metadata
          --fleet-arn <value>
          [--display-name <value>]
          [--optimize-for-end-user-location | --no-optimize-for-end-user-location]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --fleet-arn (string)
          The ARN of the fleet.

       --display-name (string)
          The fleet name to display. The existing DisplayName is unset if null
          is passed.

       --optimize-for-end-user-location |  --no-optimize-for-end-user-location
       (boolean)
          The  option  to  optimize  for better performance by routing traffic
          through the closest AWS Region to users, which  may  be  outside  of
          your home Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       UPDATE-FLEET-METADATA()
