UPDATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIGURATIONUPDATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       update-identity-provider-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the identity provider configuration for the fleet.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-identity-provider-configuration
          --fleet-arn <value>
          --identity-provider-type <value>
          [--identity-provider-saml-metadata <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --fleet-arn (string)
          The ARN of the fleet.

       --identity-provider-type (string)
          The type of identity provider.

          Possible values:

          o SAML

       --identity-provider-saml-metadata (string)
          The  SAML  metadata  document  provided  by  the  customers identity
          provider. The existing IdentityProviderSamlMetadata is unset if null
          is passed.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      UPDATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIGURATION()
