DISABLE-INSIGHT-RULES()                                DISABLE-INSIGHT-RULES()



NAME
       disable-insight-rules -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  the specified Contributor Insights rules. When rules are dis-
       abled, they do not analyze log groups and do not incur costs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-insight-rules
          --rule-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-names (list)
          An array of the rule names to disable. If you need to find  out  the
          names of your rules, use DescribeInsightRules .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Failures -> (list)
          An  array  listing  the rules that could not be disabled. You cannot
          disable built-in rules.

          (structure)
              This array is empty if the API operation was successful for  all
              the  rules  specified in the request. If the operation could not
              process one of the rules, the following  data  is  returned  for
              each of those rules.

              FailureResource -> (string)
                 The specified rule that could not be deleted.

              ExceptionType -> (string)
                 The type of error.

              FailureCode -> (string)
                 The code of the error.

              FailureDescription -> (string)
                 A description of the error.



                                                       DISABLE-INSIGHT-RULES()
