DISABLE-ALARM-ACTIONS()                                DISABLE-ALARM-ACTIONS()



NAME
       disable-alarm-actions -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  the actions for the specified alarms. When an alarm's actions
       are disabled, the alarm actions do not execute  when  the  alarm  state
       changes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-alarm-actions
          --alarm-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alarm-names (list)
          The names of the alarms.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable actions for an alarm

       The following example uses the disable-alarm-actions command to disable
       all actions for the alarm named myalarm.:

          aws cloudwatch disable-alarm-actions --alarm-names myalarm

       This command returns to the prompt if successful.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DISABLE-ALARM-ACTIONS()
