GET-METRIC-STREAM()                                        GET-METRIC-STREAM()



NAME
       get-metric-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about the metric stream that you specify.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-metric-stream
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the metric stream to retrieve information about.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the metric stream.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the metric stream.

       IncludeFilters -> (list)
          If this array of metric namespaces is present, then these namespaces
          are the only metric namespaces that  are  streamed  by  this  metric
          stream.

          (structure)
              This structure contains the name of one of the metric namespaces
              that is listed in a filter of a metric stream.

              Namespace -> (string)
                 The name of the metric namespace in the filter.

       ExcludeFilters -> (list)
          If this array of metric namespaces is present, then these namespaces
          are  the only metric namespaces that are not streamed by this metric
          stream. In this case, all other metric namespaces in the account are
          streamed by this metric stream.

          (structure)
              This structure contains the name of one of the metric namespaces
              that is listed in a filter of a metric stream.

              Namespace -> (string)
                 The name of the metric namespace in the filter.

       FirehoseArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the Amazon Kinesis Firehose delivery stream that is  used
          by this metric stream.

       RoleArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the IAM role that is used by this metric stream.

       State -> (string)
          The  state of the metric stream. The possible values are running and
          stopped .

       CreationDate -> (timestamp)
          The date that the metric stream was created.

       LastUpdateDate -> (timestamp)
          The date of the most recent update to the metric stream's configura-
          tion.

       OutputFormat -> (string)



                                                           GET-METRIC-STREAM()
