GET-INSIGHT-RULE-REPORT()                            GET-INSIGHT-RULE-REPORT()



NAME
       get-insight-rule-report -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation returns the time series data collected by a Contributor
       Insights rule. The data includes the identity and number  of  contribu-
       tors to the log group.

       You  can  also optionally return one or more statistics about each data
       point in the time series. These statistics can include the following:

       o UniqueContributors -- the number of unique contributors for each data
         point.

       o MaxContributorValue -- the value of the top contributor for each data
         point. The identity of the contributor might  change  for  each  data
         point  in  the  graph. If this rule aggregates by COUNT, the top con-
         tributor for each data point is the contributor with the most  occur-
         rences  in  that  period. If the rule aggregates by SUM, the top con-
         tributor is the contributor with the highest sum  in  the  log  field
         specified by the rule's Value , during that period.

       o SampleCount -- the number of data points matched by the rule.

       o Sum  --  the  sum of the values from all contributors during the time
         period represented by that data point.

       o Minimum -- the minimum value from a  single  observation  during  the
         time period represented by that data point.

       o Maximum  --  the  maximum  value from a single observation during the
         time period represented by that data point.

       o Average -- the average value from all contributors  during  the  time
         period represented by that data point.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-insight-rule-report
          --rule-name <value>
          --start-time <value>
          --end-time <value>
          --period <value>
          [--max-contributor-count <value>]
          [--metrics <value>]
          [--order-by <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-name (string)
          The name of the rule that you want to see data from.

       --start-time (timestamp)
          The  start time of the data to use in the report. When used in a raw
          HTTP Query API, it is formatted as yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss . For exam-
          ple, 2019-07-01T23:59:59 .

       --end-time (timestamp)
          The  end  time  of the data to use in the report. When used in a raw
          HTTP Query API, it is formatted as yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss . For exam-
          ple, 2019-07-01T23:59:59 .

       --period (integer)
          The  period,  in  seconds,  to  use  for  the  statistics in the In-
          sightRuleMetricDatapoint results.

       --max-contributor-count (integer)
          The maximum number of contributors to include  in  the  report.  The
          range is 1 to 100. If you omit this, the default of 10 is used.

       --metrics (list)
          Specifies which metrics to use for aggregation of contributor values
          for the report. You can specify one or more of  the  following  met-
          rics:

          o UniqueContributors  --  the number of unique contributors for each
            data point.

          o MaxContributorValue -- the value of the top contributor  for  each
            data  point. The identity of the contributor might change for each
            data point in the graph. If this rule aggregates by COUNT, the top
            contributor  for  each data point is the contributor with the most
            occurrences in that period. If the rule aggregates by SUM, the top
            contributor  is  the  contributor  with the highest sum in the log
            field specified by the rule's Value , during that period.

          o SampleCount -- the number of data points matched by the rule.

          o Sum -- the sum of the values from all contributors during the time
            period represented by that data point.

          o Minimum  -- the minimum value from a single observation during the
            time period represented by that data point.

          o Maximum -- the maximum value from a single observation during  the
            time period represented by that data point.

          o Average -- the average value from all contributors during the time
            period represented by that data point.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --order-by (string)
          Determines what statistic to use to  rank  the  contributors.  Valid
          values are Sum and Maximum .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled,  the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       KeyLabels -> (list)
          An array of the strings used as the keys for this rule. The keys are
          the dimensions used to classify contributors. If the  rule  contains
          more  than  one  key, then each unique combination of values for the
          keys is counted as a unique contributor.

          (string)

       AggregationStatistic -> (string)
          Specifies whether this rule aggregates contributor data by COUNT  or
          SUM.

       AggregateValue -> (double)
          The  sum  of  the values from all individual contributors that match
          the rule.

       ApproximateUniqueCount -> (long)
          An approximate count of the unique contributors found by  this  rule
          in this time period.

       Contributors -> (list)
          An  array of the unique contributors found by this rule in this time
          period. If the rule contains multiple keys, each combination of val-
          ues for the keys counts as a unique contributor.

          (structure)
              One  of  the unique contributors found by a Contributor Insights
              rule. If the rule contains multiple keys, then a unique contrib-
              utor  is a unique combination of values from all the keys in the
              rule.

              If the rule contains a single key, then each unique  contributor
              is each unique value for this key.

              For more information, see GetInsightRuleReport .

              Keys -> (list)
                 One  of  the  log entry field keywords that is used to define
                 contributors for this rule.

                 (string)

              ApproximateAggregateValue -> (double)
                 An approximation of the aggregate value that comes from  this
                 contributor.

              Datapoints -> (list)
                 An  array  of  the  data  points  where  this  contributor is
                 present. Only the data points when this contributor  appeared
                 are included in the array.

                 (structure)
                     One data point related to one contributor.

                     For   more   information,  see  GetInsightRuleReport  and
                     InsightRuleContributor .

                     Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                        The timestamp of the data point.

                     ApproximateValue -> (double)
                        The approximate value that this contributor added dur-
                        ing this timestamp.

       MetricDatapoints -> (list)
          A  time series of metric data points that matches the time period in
          the rule request.

          (structure)
              One data point from the metric time series returned  in  a  Con-
              tributor Insights rule report.

              For more information, see GetInsightRuleReport .

              Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp of the data point.

              UniqueContributors -> (double)
                 The  number  of unique contributors who published data during
                 this timestamp.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              MaxContributorValue -> (double)
                 The  maximum  value  provided  by one contributor during this
                 timestamp. Each timestamp is  evaluated  separately,  so  the
                 identity  of  the max contributor could be different for each
                 timestamp.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              SampleCount -> (double)
                 The  number  of occurrences that matched the rule during this
                 data point.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              Average -> (double)
                 The  average  value from all contributors during the time pe-
                 riod represented by that data point.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              Sum -> (double)
                 The  sum  of the values from all contributors during the time
                 period represented by that data point.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              Minimum -> (double)
                 The  minimum  value from a single contributor during the time
                 period represented by that data point.

                 This statistic is returned only if you  included  it  in  the
                 Metrics array in your request.

              Maximum -> (double)
                 The  maximum value from a single occurence from a single con-
                 tributor during the time  period  represented  by  that  data
                 point.

                 This  statistic  is  returned  only if you included it in the
                 Metrics array in your request.



                                                     GET-INSIGHT-RULE-REPORT()
