GET-DASHBOARD()                                                GET-DASHBOARD()



NAME
       get-dashboard -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays the details of the dashboard that you specify.

       To copy an existing dashboard, use GetDashboard , and then use the data
       returned within DashboardBody as the template  for  the  new  dashboard
       when you call PutDashboard to create the copy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-dashboard
          --dashboard-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dashboard-name (string)
          The name of the dashboard to be described.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DashboardArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dashboard.

       DashboardBody -> (string)
          The detailed information about the dashboard, including what widgets
          are included and their location on the dashboard. For more  informa-
          tion  about  the  DashboardBody syntax, see Dashboard Body Structure
          and Syntax .

       DashboardName -> (string)
          The name of the dashboard.



                                                               GET-DASHBOARD()
