LIST-METRIC-STREAMS()                                    LIST-METRIC-STREAMS()



NAME
       list-metric-streams -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of metric streams in this account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-metric-streams
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          Include  this value, if it was returned by the previous call, to get
          the next set of metric streams.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return in one operation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that marks the start of the next  batch  of  returned  re-
          sults.  You  can use this token in a subsequent operation to get the
          next batch of results.

       Entries -> (list)
          The array of metric stream information.

          (structure)
              This structure contains the configuration information about  one
              metric stream.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the metric stream.

              CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the metric stream was originally created.

              LastUpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  that  the  configuration of this metric stream was
                 most recently updated.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the metric stream.

              FirehoseArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the Kinesis Firehose devlivery stream that is used
                 for this metric stream.

              State -> (string)
                 The  current  state  of this stream. Valid values are running
                 and stopped .

              OutputFormat -> (string)
                 The output format of this metric  stream.  Valid  values  are
                 json and opentelemetry0.7 .



                                                         LIST-METRIC-STREAMS()
