PUT-DASHBOARD()                                                PUT-DASHBOARD()



NAME
       put-dashboard -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a dashboard if it does not already exist, or updates an exist-
       ing dashboard. If you update a dashboard, the entire contents  are  re-
       placed with what you specify here.

       All dashboards in your account are global, not region-specific.

       A simple way to create a dashboard using PutDashboard is to copy an ex-
       isting dashboard. To copy an existing dashboard using the console,  you
       can load the dashboard and then use the View/edit source command in the
       Actions menu to display the JSON block for that dashboard. Another  way
       to  copy a dashboard is to use GetDashboard , and then use the data re-
       turned within DashboardBody as the template for the new dashboard  when
       you call PutDashboard .

       When  you  create a dashboard with PutDashboard , a good practice is to
       add a text widget at the top of the dashboard with a message  that  the
       dashboard  was  created by script and should not be changed in the con-
       sole. This message could also point console users to  the  location  of
       the  DashboardBody script or the CloudFormation template used to create
       the dashboard.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-dashboard
          --dashboard-name <value>
          --dashboard-body <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --dashboard-name (string)
          The name of the dashboard. If a dashboard with this name already ex-
          ists,  this call modifies that dashboard, replacing its current con-
          tents. Otherwise, a new dashboard is created. The maximum length  is
          255,  and valid characters are A-Z, a-z, 0-9, "-", and "_". This pa-
          rameter is required.

       --dashboard-body (string)
          The detailed information about the dashboard in JSON format, includ-
          ing the widgets to include and their location on the dashboard. This
          parameter is required.

          For more information about the syntax, see Dashboard Body  Structure
          and Syntax .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DashboardValidationMessages -> (list)
          If the input for PutDashboard was correct and the dashboard was suc-
          cessfully created or modified, this result is empty.

          If  this  result  includes only warning messages, then the input was
          valid enough for the dashboard to be created or modified,  but  some
          elements of the dashboard might not render.

          If  this result includes error messages, the input was not valid and
          the operation failed.

          (structure)
              An error or warning for the operation.

              DataPath -> (string)
                 The data path related to the message.

              Message -> (string)
                 A message describing the error or warning.



                                                               PUT-DASHBOARD()
