PUT-INSIGHT-RULE()                                          PUT-INSIGHT-RULE()



NAME
       put-insight-rule -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  Contributor  Insights  rule. Rules evaluate log events in a
       CloudWatch Logs log group, enabling you to find  contributor  data  for
       the  log events in that log group. For more information, see Using Con-
       tributor Insights to Analyze High-Cardinality Data .

       If you create a rule, delete it, and then re-create it  with  the  same
       name,  historical  data  from the first time the rule was created might
       not be available.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-insight-rule
          --rule-name <value>
          [--rule-state <value>]
          --rule-definition <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --rule-name (string)
          A unique name for the rule.

       --rule-state (string)
          The state of the rule. Valid values are ENABLED and DISABLED.

       --rule-definition (string)
          The definition of the rule, as a JSON object.  For  details  on  the
          valid syntax, see Contributor Insights Rule Syntax .

       --tags (list)
          A list of key-value pairs to associate with the Contributor Insights
          rule. You can associate as many as 50 tags with a rule.

          Tags can help you organize and categorize your  resources.  You  can
          also  use them to scope user permissions, by granting a user permis-
          sion to access or change only the resources that  have  certain  tag
          values.

          To  be  able to associate tags with a rule, you must have the cloud-
          watch:TagResource permission in addition  to  the  cloudwatch:PutIn-
          sightRule permission.

          If  you  are  using this operation to update an existing Contributor
          Insights rule, any tags you specify in this parameter  are  ignored.
          To change the tags of an existing rule, use TagResource .

          (structure)
              A key-value pair associated with a CloudWatch resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 A  string that you can use to assign a value. The combination
                 of tag keys and values can help you organize  and  categorize
                 your resources.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the specified tag key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            PUT-INSIGHT-RULE()
