PUT-METRIC-STREAM()                                        PUT-METRIC-STREAM()



NAME
       put-metric-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or  updates  a metric stream. Metric streams can automatically
       stream CloudWatch metrics to Amazon Web Services destinations including
       Amazon S3 and to many third-party solutions.

       For more information, see Using Metric Streams .

       To create a metric stream, you must be logged on to an account that has
       the iam:PassRole permission and either the CloudWatchFullAccess  policy
       or the cloudwatch:PutMetricStream permission.

       When  you  create or update a metric stream, you choose one of the fol-
       lowing:

       o Stream metrics from all metric namespaces in the account.

       o Stream metrics from all metric namespaces in the account, except  for
         the namespaces that you list in ExcludeFilters .

       o Stream  metrics  from only the metric namespaces that you list in In-
         cludeFilters .

       When you use PutMetricStream to create a new metric stream, the  stream
       is  created  in  the running state. If you use it to update an existing
       stream, the state of the stream is not changed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-metric-stream
          --name <value>
          [--include-filters <value>]
          [--exclude-filters <value>]
          --firehose-arn <value>
          --role-arn <value>
          --output-format <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          If you are creating a new metric stream, this is the  name  for  the
          new  stream. The name must be different than the names of other met-
          ric streams in this account and Region.

          If you are updating a metric stream, specify the name of that stream
          here.

          Valid characters are A-Z, a-z, 0-9, "-" and "_".

       --include-filters (list)
          If  you  specify  this  parameter, the stream sends only the metrics
          from the metric namespaces that you specify here.

          You cannot include IncludeFilters and ExcludeFilters in the same op-
          eration.

          (structure)
              This structure contains the name of one of the metric namespaces
              that is listed in a filter of a metric stream.

              Namespace -> (string)
                 The name of the metric namespace in the filter.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Namespace=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Namespace": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --exclude-filters (list)
          If you specify this parameter, the stream  sends  metrics  from  all
          metric namespaces except for the namespaces that you specify here.

          You cannot include ExcludeFilters and IncludeFilters in the same op-
          eration.

          (structure)
              This structure contains the name of one of the metric namespaces
              that is listed in a filter of a metric stream.

              Namespace -> (string)
                 The name of the metric namespace in the filter.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Namespace=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Namespace": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --firehose-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the Amazon Kinesis Firehose delivery stream to use for
          this metric stream. This Amazon  Kinesis  Firehose  delivery  stream
          must  already  exist  and  must be in the same account as the metric
          stream.

       --role-arn (string)
          The ARN of an IAM role that this metric stream will  use  to  access
          Amazon  Kinesis Firehose resources. This IAM role must already exist
          and must be in the same account as the metric stream. This IAM  role
          must include the following permissions:

          o firehose:PutRecord

          o firehose:PutRecordBatch

       --output-format (string)
          The  output  format  for the stream. Valid values are json and open-
          telemetry0.7 . For more information about metric stream output  for-
          mats, see Metric streams output formats .

          Possible values:

          o json

          o opentelemetry0.7

       --tags (list)
          A  list  of key-value pairs to associate with the metric stream. You
          can associate as many as 50 tags with a metric stream.

          Tags can help you organize and categorize your  resources.  You  can
          also  use  them to scope user permissions by granting a user permis-
          sion to access or change only resources with certain tag values.

          You can use this parameter only when you are creating a  new  metric
          stream. If you are using this operation to update an existing metric
          stream, any tags you specify  in  this  parameter  are  ignored.  To
          change  the  tags  of  an existing metric stream, use TagResource or
          UntagResource .

          (structure)
              A key-value pair associated with a CloudWatch resource.

              Key -> (string)
                 A string that you can use to assign a value. The  combination
                 of  tag  keys and values can help you organize and categorize
                 your resources.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the specified tag key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the metric stream.



                                                           PUT-METRIC-STREAM()
