SET-ALARM-STATE()                                            SET-ALARM-STATE()



NAME
       set-alarm-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Temporarily  sets  the state of an alarm for testing purposes. When the
       updated state differs from the previous value,  the  action  configured
       for  the  appropriate  state  is invoked. For example, if your alarm is
       configured to send an Amazon SNS message when an  alarm  is  triggered,
       temporarily changing the alarm state to ALARM sends an SNS message.

       Metric  alarms returns to their actual state quickly, often within sec-
       onds. Because the metric alarm state change happens quickly, it is typ-
       ically only visible in the alarm's History tab in the Amazon CloudWatch
       console or through DescribeAlarmHistory .

       If you use SetAlarmState on a composite alarm, the composite  alarm  is
       not  guaranteed to return to its actual state. It returns to its actual
       state only once any of its children alarms change  state.  It  is  also
       reevaluated if you update its configuration.

       If  an  alarm  triggers  EC2  Auto Scaling policies or application Auto
       Scaling policies, you must include information in  the  StateReasonData
       parameter to enable the policy to take the correct action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-alarm-state
          --alarm-name <value>
          --state-value <value>
          --state-reason <value>
          [--state-reason-data <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alarm-name (string)
          The name of the alarm.

       --state-value (string)
          The value of the state.

          Possible values:

          o OK

          o ALARM

          o INSUFFICIENT_DATA

       --state-reason (string)
          The  reason  that  this alarm is set to this specific state, in text
          format.

       --state-reason-data (string)
          The reason that this alarm is set to this specific  state,  in  JSON
          format.

          For  SNS  or  EC2 alarm actions, this is just informational. But for
          EC2 Auto Scaling or application Auto Scaling alarm actions, the Auto
          Scaling  policy  uses the information in this field to take the cor-
          rect action.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To temporarily change the state of an alarm

       The following example uses the set-alarm-state command  to  temporarily
       change  the state of an Amazon CloudWatch alarm named "myalarm" and set
       it to the ALARM state for testing purposes:

          aws cloudwatch set-alarm-state --alarm-name "myalarm" --state-value ALARM --state-reason "testing purposes"

       This command returns to the prompt if successful.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             SET-ALARM-STATE()
