CREATE-HSM()                                                      CREATE-HSM()



NAME
       create-hsm -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new  hardware  security  module  (HSM) in the specified AWS
       CloudHSM cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-hsm
          --cluster-id <value>
          --availability-zone <value>
          [--ip-address <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-id (string)
          The identifier (ID) of the HSM's cluster. To find  the  cluster  ID,
          use  DescribeClusters .

       --availability-zone (string)
          The  Availability  Zone  where you are creating the HSM. To find the
          cluster's Availability Zones, use  DescribeClusters .

       --ip-address (string)
          The HSM's IP address. If you specify an IP address, use an available
          address from the subnet that maps to the Availability Zone where you
          are creating the HSM. If you don't specify an  IP  address,  one  is
          chosen for you from that subnet.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Hsm -> (structure)
          Information about the HSM that was created.

          AvailabilityZone -> (string)
              The Availability Zone that contains the HSM.

          ClusterId -> (string)
              The identifier (ID) of the cluster that contains the HSM.

          SubnetId -> (string)
              The  subnet  that  contains  the HSM's elastic network interface
              (ENI).

          EniId -> (string)
              The identifier (ID)  of  the  HSM's  elastic  network  interface
              (ENI).

          EniIp -> (string)
              The IP address of the HSM's elastic network interface (ENI).

          HsmId -> (string)
              The HSM's identifier (ID).

          State -> (string)
              The HSM's state.

          StateMessage -> (string)
              A description of the HSM's state.



                                                                  CREATE-HSM()
