INITIALIZE-CLUSTER()                                      INITIALIZE-CLUSTER()



NAME
       initialize-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Claims  an  AWS  CloudHSM cluster by submitting the cluster certificate
       issued by your issuing certificate authority (CA)  and  the  CA's  root
       certificate.  Before  you  can claim a cluster, you must sign the clus-
       ter's certificate signing request (CSR) with your issuing  CA.  To  get
       the cluster's CSR, use  DescribeClusters .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            initialize-cluster
          --cluster-id <value>
          --signed-cert <value>
          --trust-anchor <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-id (string)
          The  identifier  (ID)  of the cluster that you are claiming. To find
          the cluster ID, use  DescribeClusters .

       --signed-cert (string)
          The cluster certificate issued (signed) by your issuing  certificate
          authority  (CA).  The certificate must be in PEM format and can con-
          tain a maximum of 5000 characters.

       --trust-anchor (string)
          The issuing certificate of the issuing  certificate  authority  (CA)
          that  issued  (signed)  the  cluster  certificate.  You  must  use a
          self-signed certificate. The certificate used to sign  the  HSM  CSR
          must  be  directly available, and thus must be the root certificate.
          The certificate must be in PEM format and can contain a  maximum  of
          5000 characters.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       State -> (string)
          The cluster's state.

       StateMessage -> (string)
          A description of the cluster's state.



                                                          INITIALIZE-CLUSTER()
