LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of tags for the specified AWS CloudHSM cluster.

       This  is  a  paginated  operation, which means that each response might
       contain only a subset of all the tags. When the response contains  only
       a  subset  of  tags, it includes a NextToken value. Use this value in a
       subsequent ListTags request to get more tags. When you  receive  a  re-
       sponse  with no NextToken (or an empty or null value), that means there
       are no more tags to get.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation by providing the --no-paginate argument.   When  using  --output
       text  and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query ar-
       gument must extract data from the results of the  following  query  ex-
       pressions: TagList

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          The  cluster identifier (ID) for the cluster whose tags you are get-
          ting. To find the cluster ID, use  DescribeClusters .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          A list of tags.

          (structure)
              Contains a tag. A tag is a key-value pair.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag.

       NextToken -> (string)
          An opaque string that indicates that the response  contains  only  a
          subset  of  tags. Use this value in a subsequent ListTags request to
          get more tags.



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
