APPROVE-ASSIGNMENT()                                      APPROVE-ASSIGNMENT()



NAME
       approve-assignment -

DESCRIPTION
       The ApproveAssignment operation approves the results of a completed as-
       signment.

       Approving an assignment initiates two  payments  from  the  Requester's
       Amazon.com account

       o The  Worker who submitted the results is paid the reward specified in
         the HIT.

       o Amazon Mechanical Turk fees are debited.

       If the Requester's account does not have adequate funds for these  pay-
       ments,  the call to ApproveAssignment returns an exception, and the ap-
       proval is not processed. You can include an optional  feedback  message
       with  the  approval,  which the Worker can see in the Status section of
       the web site.

       You can also call this operation for assignments that were previous re-
       jected  and  approve  them by explicitly overriding the previous rejec-
       tion. This only works  on  rejected  assignments  that  were  submitted
       within  the  previous  30 days and only if the assignment's related HIT
       has not been deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            approve-assignment
          --assignment-id <value>
          [--requester-feedback <value>]
          [--override-rejection | --no-override-rejection]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assignment-id (string)
          The ID of the assignment. The assignment must correspond  to  a  HIT
          created by the Requester.

       --requester-feedback (string)
          A  message  for  the  Worker, which the Worker can see in the Status
          section of the web site.

       --override-rejection | --no-override-rejection (boolean)
          A flag indicating that an assignment should be approved even  if  it
          was previously rejected. Defaults to False .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          APPROVE-ASSIGNMENT()
