CREATE-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()                        CREATE-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()



NAME
       create-qualification-type -

DESCRIPTION
       The CreateQualificationType operation creates a new Qualification type,
       which is represented by a QualificationType data structure.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-qualification-type
          --name <value>
          [--keywords <value>]
          --description <value>
          --qualification-type-status <value>
          [--retry-delay-in-seconds <value>]
          [--test <value>]
          [--answer-key <value>]
          [--test-duration-in-seconds <value>]
          [--auto-granted | --no-auto-granted]
          [--auto-granted-value <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name you give to the Qualification type. The type name  is  used
          to  represent the Qualification to Workers, and to find the type us-
          ing a Qualification type search. It must be  unique  across  all  of
          your Qualification types.

       --keywords (string)
          One  or  more words or phrases that describe the Qualification type,
          separated by commas. The keywords of a type make the type easier  to
          find during a search.

       --description (string)
          A long description for the Qualification type. On the Amazon Mechan-
          ical Turk website, the long description is displayed when  a  Worker
          examines a Qualification type.

       --qualification-type-status (string)
          The initial status of the Qualification type.

          Constraints: Valid values are: Active | Inactive

          Possible values:

          o Active

          o Inactive

       --retry-delay-in-seconds (long)
          The  number  of  seconds  that a Worker must wait after requesting a
          Qualification of the Qualification type before the worker can  retry
          the Qualification request.

          Constraints:  None. If not specified, retries are disabled and Work-
          ers can request a Qualification of this type only once, even if  the
          Worker has not been granted the Qualification. It is not possible to
          disable retries for a Qualification type after it has  been  created
          with  retries  enabled.  If  you  want  to disable retries, you must
          delete existing retry-enabled Qualification type and then  create  a
          new Qualification type with retries disabled.

       --test (string)
          The  questions  for the Qualification test a Worker must answer cor-
          rectly to obtain a Qualification of this type. If this parameter  is
          specified, TestDurationInSeconds must also be specified.

          Constraints:  Must  not  be longer than 65535 bytes. Must be a Ques-
          tionForm data structure. This parameter cannot be specified if Auto-
          Granted is true.

          Constraints:  None.  If  not  specified,  the Worker may request the
          Qualification without answering any questions.

       --answer-key (string)
          The answers to the Qualification test specified in the Test  parame-
          ter, in the form of an AnswerKey data structure.

          Constraints: Must not be longer than 65535 bytes.

          Constraints:  None. If not specified, you must process Qualification
          requests manually.

       --test-duration-in-seconds (long)
          The number of seconds the Worker has to complete  the  Qualification
          test, starting from the time the Worker requests the Qualification.

       --auto-granted | --no-auto-granted (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  requests  for the Qualification type are granted
          immediately, without prompting the Worker with a Qualification test.

          Constraints: If the Test parameter is specified, this parameter can-
          not be true.

       --auto-granted-value (integer)
          The  Qualification value to use for automatically granted Qualifica-
          tions. This parameter is used only if the AutoGranted  parameter  is
          true.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       QualificationType -> (structure)
          The created Qualification type, returned as a QualificationType data
          structure.

          QualificationTypeId -> (string)
              A unique identifier for the Qualification type. A  Qualification
              type  is given a Qualification type ID when you call the Create-
              QualificationType operation.

          CreationTime -> (timestamp)
              The date and time the Qualification type was created.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the Qualification type. The type  name  is  used  to
              identify  the  type,  and to find the type using a Qualification
              type search.

          Description -> (string)
              A long description for the Qualification type.

          Keywords -> (string)
              One or more words  or  phrases  that  describe  theQualification
              type,  separated by commas. The Keywords make the type easier to
              find using a search.

          QualificationTypeStatus -> (string)
              The status of the Qualification  type.  A  Qualification  type's
              status  determines if users can apply to receive a Qualification
              of this type, and if HITs can be created with requirements based
              on this type. Valid values are Active | Inactive.

          Test -> (string)
              The  questions  for  a  Qualification  test associated with this
              Qualification type that a user can take to obtain  a  Qualifica-
              tion of this type. This parameter must be specified if AnswerKey
              is present. A Qualification type cannot have  both  a  specified
              Test parameter and an AutoGranted value of true.

          TestDurationInSeconds -> (long)
              The  amount  of  time, in seconds, given to a Worker to complete
              the Qualification test, beginning from the time the  Worker  re-
              quests the Qualification.

          AnswerKey -> (string)
              The  answers to the Qualification test specified in the Test pa-
              rameter.

          RetryDelayInSeconds -> (long)
              The amount of time, in seconds, Workers must wait  after  taking
              the  Qualification  test  before they can take it again. Workers
              can take a Qualification test multiple times if  they  were  not
              granted  the  Qualification  from  a previous attempt, or if the
              test offers a gradient score and they want a  better  score.  If
              not  specified,  retries  are disabled and Workers can request a
              Qualification only once.

          IsRequestable -> (boolean)
              Specifies whether the Qualification type is one that a user  can
              request  through the Amazon Mechanical Turk web site, such as by
              taking a Qualification test. This value is False for  Qualifica-
              tions  assigned  automatically  by  the system. Valid values are
              True | False.

          AutoGranted -> (boolean)
              Specifies that requests for the Qualification type  are  granted
              immediately,  without  prompting the Worker with a Qualification
              test. Valid values are True | False.

          AutoGrantedValue -> (integer)
              The Qualification integer value to use for automatically granted
              Qualifications, if AutoGranted is true. This is 1 by default.



                                                   CREATE-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()
