CREATE-WORKER-BLOCK()                                    CREATE-WORKER-BLOCK()



NAME
       create-worker-block -

DESCRIPTION
       The  CreateWorkerBlock  operation  allows  you to prevent a Worker from
       working on your HITs. For example, you can block a Worker who  is  pro-
       ducing poor quality work. You can block up to 100,000 Workers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-worker-block
          --worker-id <value>
          --reason <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --worker-id (string)
          The ID of the Worker to block.

       --reason (string)
          A message explaining the reason for blocking the Worker. This param-
          eter enables you to keep track of your Workers. The Worker does  not
          see this message.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         CREATE-WORKER-BLOCK()
