DELETE-HIT()                                                      DELETE-HIT()



NAME
       delete-hit -

DESCRIPTION
       The DeleteHIT operation is used to delete HIT that is no longer needed.
       Only the Requester who created the HIT can delete it.

       You can only dispose of HITs that are in the Reviewable state, with all
       of  their submitted assignments already either approved or rejected. If
       you call the DeleteHIT operation on a HIT that is not in the Reviewable
       state  (for  example, that has not expired, or still has active assign-
       ments), or on a HIT that is Reviewable but without all of its submitted
       assignments  already  approved  or rejected, the service will return an
       error.

       NOTE:

          o HITs are automatically disposed of after 120 days.

          o After you dispose of a HIT, you can no longer  approve  the  HIT's
            rejected assignments.

          o Disposed  HITs are not returned in results for the ListHITs opera-
            tion.

          o Disposing HITs can improve the performance of operations  such  as
            ListReviewableHITs and ListHITs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-hit
          --hit-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hit-id (string)
          The ID of the HIT to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  DELETE-HIT()
