DELETE-WORKER-BLOCK()                                    DELETE-WORKER-BLOCK()



NAME
       delete-worker-block -

DESCRIPTION
       The  DeleteWorkerBlock  operation  allows  you  to  reinstate a blocked
       Worker to work on your HITs. This operation reverses the effects of the
       CreateWorkerBlock  operation. You need the Worker ID to use this opera-
       tion. If the Worker ID is missing or invalid, this operation fails  and
       returns the message WorkerId is invalid. If the specified Worker is not
       blocked, this operation returns successfully.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-worker-block
          --worker-id <value>
          [--reason <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --worker-id (string)
          The ID of the Worker to unblock.

       --reason (string)
          A message that explains the reason for unblocking  the  Worker.  The
          Worker does not see this message.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-WORKER-BLOCK()
