DISASSOCIATE-QUALIFICATION-FROM-WORKERDISASSOCIATE-QUALIFICATION-FROM-WORKER()



NAME
       disassociate-qualification-from-worker -

DESCRIPTION
       The  DisassociateQualificationFromWorker  revokes  a previously granted
       Qualification from a user.

       You can provide a text message explaining why the Qualification was re-
       voked. The user who had the Qualification can see this message.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-qualification-from-worker
          --worker-id <value>
          --qualification-type-id <value>
          [--reason <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --worker-id (string)
          The ID of the Worker who possesses the Qualification to be revoked.

       --qualification-type-id (string)
          The ID of the Qualification type of the Qualification to be revoked.

       --reason (string)
          A  text message that explains why the Qualification was revoked. The
          user who had the Qualification sees this message.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      DISASSOCIATE-QUALIFICATION-FROM-WORKER()
