LIST-WORKERS-WITH-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()  LIST-WORKERS-WITH-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()



NAME
       list-workers-with-qualification-type -

DESCRIPTION
       The ListWorkersWithQualificationType operation returns all of the Work-
       ers that have been associated with a given Qualification type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-workers-with-qualification-type is a paginated operation. Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: Qualifications

SYNOPSIS
            list-workers-with-qualification-type
          --qualification-type-id <value>
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --qualification-type-id (string)
          The ID of the Qualification type of the Qualifications to return.

       --status (string)
          The status of the Qualifications to return. Can be Granted | Revoked
          .

          Possible values:

          o Granted

          o Revoked

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          If the previous response was incomplete (because there is more  data
          to  retrieve),  Amazon Mechanical Turk returns a pagination token in
          the response. You can use this pagination token to retrieve the next
          set of results.

       NumResults -> (integer)
          The  number  of  Qualifications on this page in the filtered results
          list, equivalent to the number of Qualifications being  returned  by
          this call.

       Qualifications -> (list)
          The list of Qualification elements returned by this call.

          (structure)
              The  Qualification data structure represents a Qualification as-
              signed to a user, including the Qualification type and the value
              (score).

              QualificationTypeId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Qualification type for the Qualification.

              WorkerId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Worker who possesses the Qualification.

              GrantTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and  time  the  Qualification  was  granted to the
                 Worker. If the Worker's Qualification was revoked,  and  then
                 re-granted based on a new Qualification request, GrantTime is
                 the date and time of the last call  to  the  AcceptQualifica-
                 tionRequest operation.

              IntegerValue -> (integer)
                 The  value (score) of the Qualification, if the Qualification
                 has an integer value.

              LocaleValue -> (structure)
                 The Locale data structure represents a geographical region or
                 location.

                 Country -> (string)
                     The country of the locale. Must be a valid ISO 3166 coun-
                     try code. For example, the code US refers to  the  United
                     States of America.

                 Subdivision -> (string)
                     The  state  or  subdivision  of  the  locale. A valid ISO
                     3166-2 subdivision code. For example, the code WA  refers
                     to the state of Washington.

              Status -> (string)
                 The  status  of the Qualification. Valid values are Granted |
                 Revoked.



                                        LIST-WORKERS-WITH-QUALIFICATION-TYPE()
