REJECT-ASSIGNMENT()                                        REJECT-ASSIGNMENT()



NAME
       reject-assignment -

DESCRIPTION
       The  RejectAssignment  operation rejects the results of a completed as-
       signment.

       You can include an optional feedback message with the rejection,  which
       the  Worker can see in the Status section of the web site. When you in-
       clude a feedback message with the rejection, it helps the Worker under-
       stand  why  the assignment was rejected, and can improve the quality of
       the results the Worker submits in the future.

       Only the Requester who created the HIT can reject an assignment for the
       HIT.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reject-assignment
          --assignment-id <value>
          --requester-feedback <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --assignment-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the assignment. The assignment must correspond to a HIT
          created by the Requester.

       --requester-feedback (string)
          A message for the Worker, which the Worker can  see  in  the  Status
          section of the web site.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           REJECT-ASSIGNMENT()
