SEND-BONUS()                                                      SEND-BONUS()



NAME
       send-bonus -

DESCRIPTION
       The  SendBonus operation issues a payment of money from your account to
       a Worker. This payment happens separately from the reward  you  pay  to
       the  Worker when you approve the Worker's assignment. The SendBonus op-
       eration requires the Worker's ID and the assignment ID as parameters to
       initiate payment of the bonus. You must include a message that explains
       the reason for the bonus payment, as the Worker may  not  be  expecting
       the  payment. Amazon Mechanical Turk collects a fee for bonus payments,
       similar to the HIT listing fee. This operation fails  if  your  account
       does not have enough funds to pay for both the bonus and the fees.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-bonus
          --worker-id <value>
          --bonus-amount <value>
          --assignment-id <value>
          --reason <value>
          [--unique-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --worker-id (string)
          The ID of the Worker being paid the bonus.

       --bonus-amount (string)
          The Bonus amount is a US Dollar amount specified using a string (for
          example, "5" represents $5.00 USD and  "101.42"  represents  $101.42
          USD). Do not include currency symbols or currency codes.

       --assignment-id (string)
          The ID of the assignment for which this bonus is paid.

       --reason (string)
          A message that explains the reason for the bonus payment. The Worker
          receiving the bonus can see this message.

       --unique-request-token (string)
          A unique identifier for this request, which allows you to retry  the
          call  on  error without granting multiple bonuses. This is useful in
          cases such as network timeouts where it is unclear  whether  or  not
          the call succeeded on the server. If the bonus already exists in the
          system from a previous call using the same UniqueRequestToken,  sub-
          sequent calls will return an error with a message containing the re-
          quest ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  SEND-BONUS()
