UPDATE-HIT-REVIEW-STATUS()                          UPDATE-HIT-REVIEW-STATUS()



NAME
       update-hit-review-status -

DESCRIPTION
       The UpdateHITReviewStatus operation updates the status of a HIT. If the
       status is Reviewable, this operation can update the status  to  Review-
       ing, or it can revert a Reviewing HIT back to the Reviewable status.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-hit-review-status
          --hit-id <value>
          [--revert | --no-revert]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --hit-id (string)
          The ID of the HIT to update.

       --revert | --no-revert (boolean)
          Specifies how to update the HIT status. Default is False .

          o Setting  this  to false will only transition a HIT from Reviewable
            to Reviewing

          o Setting this to true will only transition a HIT from Reviewing  to
            Reviewable

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    UPDATE-HIT-REVIEW-STATUS()
