CREATE-PRACTICE-RUN-CONFIGURATION()        CREATE-PRACTICE-RUN-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-practice-run-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       A  practice  run configuration for zonal autoshift is required when you
       enable zonal autoshift. A practice run configuration includes  specifi-
       cations  for  blocked  dates  and  blocked time windows, and for Amazon
       CloudWatch alarms that you create to use with practice runs. The alarms
       that  you  specify are an outcome alarm , to monitor application health
       during practice runs and, optionally, a blocking alarm , to block prac-
       tice runs from starting.

       When  a  resource has a practice run configuration, Route 53 ARC starts
       zonal shifts for the resource weekly, to  shift  traffic  for  practice
       runs.  Practice runs help you to ensure that shifting away traffic from
       an Availability Zone during an autoshift is safe for your application.

       For more information, see Considerations when you configure  zonal  au-
       toshift  in  the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Devel-
       oper Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-practice-run-configuration
          [--blocked-dates <value>]
          [--blocked-windows <value>]
          [--blocking-alarms <value>]
          --outcome-alarms <value>
          --resource-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --blocked-dates (list)
          Optionally, you can block Route 53 ARC from starting  practice  runs
          for a resource on specific calendar dates.

          The  format for blocked dates is: YYYY-MM-DD. Keep in mind, when you
          specify dates, that dates and times for practice runs  are  in  UTC.
          Separate multiple blocked dates with spaces.

          For  example,  if you have an application update scheduled to launch
          on May 1, 2024, and you don't want practice runs  to  shift  traffic
          away at that time, you could set a blocked date for 2024-05-01 .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --blocked-windows (list)
          Optionally,  you  can block Route 53 ARC from starting practice runs
          for specific windows of days and times.

          The format for blocked  windows  is:  DAY:HH:SS-DAY:HH:SS.  Keep  in
          mind, when you specify dates, that dates and times for practice runs
          are in UTC. Also, be aware of potential time adjustments that  might
          be  required for daylight saving time differences. Separate multiple
          blocked windows with spaces.

          For example, say you run business  report  summaries  three  days  a
          week.  For this scenario, you might set the following recurring days
          and  times  as  blocked  windows,   for   example:   MON-20:30-21:30
          WED-20:30-21:30 FRI-20:30-21:30 .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --blocking-alarms (list)
          An  Amazon CloudWatch alarm that you can specify for zonal autoshift
          practice runs. This alarm blocks Route 53 ARC from starting practice
          run  zonal  shifts, and ends a practice run that's in progress, when
          the alarm is in an ALARM state.

          (structure)
              A control condition is an alarm that you specify for a  practice
              run. When you configure practice runs with zonal autoshift for a
              resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms, which you create
              in  CloudWatch to use with the practice run. The alarms that you
              specify are an outcome alarm ,  to  monitor  application  health
              during  practice  runs  and,  optionally,  a blocking alarm , to
              block practice runs from starting or to interrupt a practice run
              in progress.

              Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

              For  more  information,  see  Considerations  when you configure
              zonal autoshift in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Con-
              troller Developer Guide.

              alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an Amazon CloudWatch alarm
                 that you specify as a control condition for a practice run.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of alarm specified for a practice run. You can  only
                 specify  Amazon  CloudWatch  alarms for practice runs, so the
                 only valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          alarmIdentifier=string,type=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "alarmIdentifier": "string",
              "type": "CLOUDWATCH"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --outcome-alarms (list)
          The outcome alarm for practice runs is a required Amazon  CloudWatch
          alarm that you specify that ends a practice run when the alarm is in
          an ALARM state.

          Configure the alarm to monitor the health of your  application  when
          traffic is shifted away from an Availability Zone during each weekly
          practice run. You should configure the alarm to  go  into  an  ALARM
          state  if  your  application is impacted by the zonal shift, and you
          want to stop the zonal shift, to let traffic for the resource return
          to the Availability Zone.

          (structure)
              A  control condition is an alarm that you specify for a practice
              run. When you configure practice runs with zonal autoshift for a
              resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms, which you create
              in CloudWatch to use with the practice run. The alarms that  you
              specify  are  an  outcome  alarm , to monitor application health
              during practice runs and, optionally,  a  blocking  alarm  ,  to
              block practice runs from starting or to interrupt a practice run
              in progress.

              Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

              For more information,  see  Considerations  when  you  configure
              zonal autoshift in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Con-
              troller Developer Guide.

              alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an Amazon CloudWatch alarm
                 that you specify as a control condition for a practice run.

              type -> (string)
                 The  type of alarm specified for a practice run. You can only
                 specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms for practice  runs,  so  the
                 only valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          alarmIdentifier=string,type=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "alarmIdentifier": "string",
              "type": "CLOUDWATCH"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --resource-identifier (string)
          The identifier of the resource that Amazon Web Services shifts traf-
          fic for with a practice run zonal shift. The identifier is the  Ama-
          zon Resource Name (ARN) for the resource.

          At this time, supported resources are Network Load Balancers and Ap-
          plication Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing turned off.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       arn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you configured
          the practice run for.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the resource that you configured the practice run for.

       practiceRunConfiguration -> (structure)
          A practice run configuration for a resource. Configurations  include
          the  outcome  alarm that you specify for practice runs, and, option-
          ally, a blocking alarm and blocking dates and windows.

          blockedDates -> (list)
              An array of one or more dates that you can specify  when  Amazon
              Web Services does not start practice runs for a resource.

              Specify  blocked dates, in UTC, in the format YYYY-MM-DD , sepa-
              rated by spaces.

              (string)

          blockedWindows -> (list)
              An array of one or more windows of days and times that  you  can
              block Route 53 ARC from starting practice runs for a resource.

              Specify   the   blocked   windows   in  UTC,  using  the  format
              DAY:HH:MM-DAY:HH:MM  ,  separated  by   spaces.   For   example,
              MON:18:30-MON:19:30 TUE:18:30-TUE:19:30 .

              (string)

          blockingAlarms -> (list)
              The  blocking  alarm for practice runs is an optional alarm that
              you can specify that blocks practice runs when the alarm  is  in
              an ALARM state.

              (structure)
                 A  control condition is an alarm that you specify for a prac-
                 tice run. When you configure practice  runs  with  zonal  au-
                 toshift for a resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms,
                 which you create in CloudWatch to use with the practice  run.
                 The alarms that you specify are an outcome alarm , to monitor
                 application health during practice runs  and,  optionally,  a
                 blocking  alarm  , to block practice runs from starting or to
                 interrupt a practice run in progress.

                 Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

                 For more information, see Considerations when  you  configure
                 zonal  autoshift  in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery
                 Controller Developer Guide.

                 alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an  Amazon  CloudWatch
                     alarm that you specify as a control condition for a prac-
                     tice run.

                 type -> (string)
                     The type of alarm specified for a practice run.  You  can
                     only  specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms for practice runs,
                     so the only valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

          outcomeAlarms -> (list)
              The outcome alarm for practice runs is an alarm that you specify
              that ends a practice run when the alarm is in an ALARM state.

              (structure)
                 A  control condition is an alarm that you specify for a prac-
                 tice run. When you configure practice  runs  with  zonal  au-
                 toshift for a resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms,
                 which you create in CloudWatch to use with the practice  run.
                 The alarms that you specify are an outcome alarm , to monitor
                 application health during practice runs  and,  optionally,  a
                 blocking  alarm  , to block practice runs from starting or to
                 interrupt a practice run in progress.

                 Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

                 For more information, see Considerations when  you  configure
                 zonal  autoshift  in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery
                 Controller Developer Guide.

                 alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an  Amazon  CloudWatch
                     alarm that you specify as a control condition for a prac-
                     tice run.

                 type -> (string)
                     The type of alarm specified for a practice run.  You  can
                     only  specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms for practice runs,
                     so the only valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

       zonalAutoshiftStatus -> (string)
          The status for zonal autoshift for a resource. When you specify  EN-
          ABLED  for  the autoshift status, Amazon Web Services shifts traffic
          away from shifts away application resource traffic  from  an  Avail-
          ability Zone, on your behalf, when internal telemetry indicates that
          there is an Availability Zone impairment that could potentially  im-
          pact customers.

          When  you  enable  zonal autoshift, you must also configure practice
          runs for the resource.



                                           CREATE-PRACTICE-RUN-CONFIGURATION()
