GET-MANAGED-RESOURCE()                                  GET-MANAGED-RESOURCE()



NAME
       get-managed-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  information  about  a  resource  that's  been registered for zonal
       shifts with Amazon Route 53 Application  Recovery  Controller  in  this
       Amazon  Web  Services  Region.  Resources that are registered for zonal
       shifts are managed resources in Route  53  ARC.  You  can  start  zonal
       shifts and configure zonal autoshift for managed resources.

       At  this  time, you can only start a zonal shift or configure zonal au-
       toshift for Network Load Balancers and Application Load Balancers  with
       cross-zone load balancing turned off.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-managed-resource
          --resource-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-identifier (string)
          The identifier for the resource to shift away traffic for. The iden-
          tifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the resource.

          At this time, supported resources are Network Load Balancers and Ap-
          plication Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing turned off.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       appliedWeights -> (map)
          A collection of key-value pairs that indicate whether resources  are
          active  in Availability Zones or not. The key name is the Availabil-
          ity Zone where the resource is deployed. The value is 1 or 0.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (float)

       arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the resource.

       autoshifts -> (list)
          An array of the autoshifts that are active for the resource.

          (structure)
              A complex structure that lists an autoshift  that  is  currently
              active  for  a  managed  resource  and information about the au-
              toshift.

              For more information, see How zonal autoshift and practice  runs
              work  in the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller De-
              veloper Guide.

              appliedStatus -> (string)
                 The appliedStatus field specifies which  application  traffic
                 shift is in effect for a resource when there is more than one
                 traffic shift active. There can be more than one  application
                 traffic  shift  in progress at the same time - that is, prac-
                 tice run zonal shifts, customer-started zonal shifts,  or  an
                 autoshift. The appliedStatus field for an autoshift for a re-
                 source can have one of two values: APPLIED or  NOT_APPLIED  .
                 The  zonal shift or autoshift that is currently in effect for
                 the resource has an applied status set to APPLIED .

                 The overall principle for precedence  is  that  zonal  shifts
                 that  you  start  as  a  customer take precedence autoshifts,
                 which take precedence  over  practice  runs.  That  is,  cus-
                 tomer-started  zonal shifts > autoshifts > practice run zonal
                 shifts.

                 For more information, see How zonal  autoshift  and  practice
                 runs  work  in  the Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Con-
                 troller Developer Guide.

              awayFrom -> (string)
                 The Availability Zone that traffic is shifted away from for a
                 resource, when Amazon Web Services starts an autoshift. Until
                 the autoshift ends, traffic for the resource is  instead  di-
                 rected to other Availability Zones in the Amazon Web Services
                 Region. An autoshift can end for  a  resource,  for  example,
                 when  Amazon  Web  Services ends the autoshift for the Avail-
                 ability Zone or when you disable zonal autoshift for the  re-
                 source.

              startTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time (UTC) when the autoshift started.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the resource.

       practiceRunConfiguration -> (structure)
          The practice run configuration for zonal autoshift that's associated
          with the resource.

          blockedDates -> (list)
              An array of one or more dates that you can specify  when  Amazon
              Web Services does not start practice runs for a resource.

              Specify  blocked dates, in UTC, in the format YYYY-MM-DD , sepa-
              rated by spaces.

              (string)

          blockedWindows -> (list)
              An array of one or more windows of days and times that  you  can
              block Route 53 ARC from starting practice runs for a resource.

              Specify   the   blocked   windows   in  UTC,  using  the  format
              DAY:HH:MM-DAY:HH:MM  ,  separated  by   spaces.   For   example,
              MON:18:30-MON:19:30 TUE:18:30-TUE:19:30 .

              (string)

          blockingAlarms -> (list)
              The  blocking  alarm for practice runs is an optional alarm that
              you can specify that blocks practice runs when the alarm  is  in
              an ALARM state.

              (structure)
                 A  control condition is an alarm that you specify for a prac-
                 tice run. When you configure practice  runs  with  zonal  au-
                 toshift for a resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms,
                 which you create in CloudWatch to use with the practice  run.
                 The alarms that you specify are an outcome alarm , to monitor
                 application health during practice runs  and,  optionally,  a
                 blocking alarm , to block practice runs from starting.

                 Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

                 For  more  information, see Considerations when you configure
                 zonal autoshift in the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery
                 Controller Developer Guide.

                 alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                     The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Amazon CloudWatch
                     alarm that you specify as a control condition for a prac-
                     tice run.

                 type -> (string)
                     The  type of alarm specified for a practice run. The only
                     valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

          outcomeAlarms -> (list)
              The outcome alarm for practice runs is an alarm that you specify
              that ends a practice run when the alarm is in an ALARM state.

              (structure)
                 A  control condition is an alarm that you specify for a prac-
                 tice run. When you configure practice  runs  with  zonal  au-
                 toshift for a resource, you specify Amazon CloudWatch alarms,
                 which you create in CloudWatch to use with the practice  run.
                 The alarms that you specify are an outcome alarm , to monitor
                 application health during practice runs  and,  optionally,  a
                 blocking alarm , to block practice runs from starting.

                 Control condition alarms do not apply for autoshifts.

                 For  more  information, see Considerations when you configure
                 zonal autoshift in the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery
                 Controller Developer Guide.

                 alarmIdentifier -> (string)
                     The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Amazon CloudWatch
                     alarm that you specify as a control condition for a prac-
                     tice run.

                 type -> (string)
                     The  type of alarm specified for a practice run. The only
                     valid value is CLOUDWATCH .

       zonalAutoshiftStatus -> (string)
          The status for zonal autoshift for a resource.  When  the  autoshift
          status  is  ENABLED  ,  Amazon Web Services shifts traffic for a re-
          source away from an Availability Zone, on your behalf,  when  Amazon
          Web  Services  determines  that there's an issue in the Availability
          Zone that could potentially affect customers.

       zonalShifts -> (list)
          The zonal shifts that are currently active for a resource.

          (structure)
              A complex structure that lists the zonal shifts  for  a  managed
              resource and their statuses for the resource.

              appliedStatus -> (string)
                 The  appliedStatus  field specifies which application traffic
                 shift is in effect for a resource when there is more than one
                 traffic  shift active. There can be more than one application
                 traffic shift in progress at the same time - that  is,  prac-
                 tice  run  zonal shifts, customer-started zonal shifts, or an
                 autoshift. The appliedStatus field for an autoshift for a re-
                 source  can  have one of two values: APPLIED or NOT_APPLIED .
                 The zonal shift or autoshift that is currently in effect  for
                 the resource has an applied status set to APPLIED .

                 The  overall  principle  for  precedence is that zonal shifts
                 that you start as  a  customer  take  precedence  autoshifts,
                 which  take  precedence  over  practice  runs.  That is, cus-
                 tomer-started zonal shifts > autoshifts > practice run  zonal
                 shifts.

                 For  more  information,  see How zonal autoshift and practice
                 runs work in the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery  Con-
                 troller Developer Guide.

              awayFrom -> (string)
                 The  Availability  Zone that traffic is moved away from for a
                 resource when you start a zonal shift. Until the zonal  shift
                 expires or you cancel it, traffic for the resource is instead
                 moved to other Availability Zones in the Amazon Web  Services
                 Region.

              comment -> (string)
                 A comment that you enter about the zonal shift. Only the lat-
                 est comment is retained; no comment  history  is  maintained.
                 That  is,  a  new  comment  overwrites  any  existing comment
                 string.

              expiryTime -> (timestamp)
                 The expiry time  (expiration  time)  for  a  customer-started
                 zonal  shift.  A  zonal shift is temporary and must be set to
                 expire when you start the zonal shift. You can initially  set
                 a  zonal  shift  to  expire  in  a  maximum of three days (72
                 hours). However, you can update a zonal shift to  set  a  new
                 expiration at any time.

                 When  you  start a zonal shift, you specify how long you want
                 it to be active, which Route 53 ARC  converts  to  an  expiry
                 time  (expiration  time).  You  can cancel a zonal shift when
                 you're ready to restore traffic to the Availability Zone,  or
                 just wait for it to expire. Or you can update the zonal shift
                 to specify another length of time to expire in.

              practiceRunOutcome -> (string)
                 The outcome, or end state, returned for a practice  run.  The
                 following values can be returned:

                 o PENDING: Outcome value when a practice run is in progress.

                 o SUCCEEDED:  Outcome  value when the outcome alarm specified
                   for the practice run configuration  does  not  go  into  an
                   ALARM  state  during the practice run, and the practice run
                   was not interrupted before it  completed  the  expected  30
                   minute zonal shift.

                 o INTERRUPTED:  Outcome  value  when  the  practice  run  was
                   stopped before the expected 30 minute zonal shift duration,
                   or  there  was  another  problem with the practice run that
                   created an inconclusive outcome.

                 o FAILED: Outcome value when the outcome alarm specified  for
                   the  practice  run  configuration  goes into an ALARM state
                   during the practice run, and the practice run was  not  in-
                   terrupted before it completed.

                 For   more  information  about  practice  run  outcomes,  see
                 Considerations when you configure zonal autoshift in the Ama-
                 zon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

              resourceIdentifier -> (string)
                 The  identifier for the resource to include in a zonal shift.
                 The identifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the  re-
                 source.

                 At  this  time,  you can only start a zonal shift for Network
                 Load Balancers and Application Load Balancers with cross-zone
                 load balancing turned off.

              startTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time (UTC) when the zonal shift starts.

              zonalShiftId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a zonal shift.



                                                        GET-MANAGED-RESOURCE()
