LIST-MANAGED-RESOURCES()                              LIST-MANAGED-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-managed-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all  the  resources  in your Amazon Web Services account in this
       Amazon Web Services Region that are managed for zonal shifts in  Amazon
       Route  53  Application Recovery Controller, and information about them.
       The information includes the zonal autoshift status for  the  resource,
       as  well as the Amazon Resource Name (ARN), the Availability Zones that
       each resource is deployed in, and the resource name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-managed-resources is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: items

SYNOPSIS
            list-managed-resources
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable  automatic pagination. If automatic pagination is disabled, the
       AWS CLI will only make one call, for the first page of results.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       items -> (list)
          The items in the response list.

          (structure)
              A complex structure for a managed resource in an Amazon Web Ser-
              vices  account  with  information  about  zonal  shifts  and au-
              toshifts.

              A managed resource is a load balancer that has  been  registered
              with  Route  53  ARC  by Elastic Load Balancing. You can start a
              zonal shift in Route 53 ARC for a managed resource to  temporar-
              ily move traffic for the resource away from an Availability Zone
              in an Amazon Web Services Region. You can also  configure  zonal
              autoshift for a managed resource.

              NOTE:
                 At  this  time,  managed resources are Network Load Balancers
                 and Application Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing
                 turned off.

              appliedWeights -> (map)
                 A  collection  of  key-value  pairs that indicate whether re-
                 sources are active in Availability Zones or not. The key name
                 is  the Availability Zone where the resource is deployed. The
                 value is 1 or 0.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (float)

              arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the managed resource.

              autoshifts -> (list)
                 An array of the autoshifts that have been completed for a re-
                 source.

                 (structure)
                     A  complex structure that lists an autoshift that is cur-
                     rently active for  a  managed  resource  and  information
                     about the autoshift.

                     For  more  information, see How zonal autoshift and prac-
                     tice runs work in the Amazon Route 53 Application  Recov-
                     ery Controller Developer Guide.

                     appliedStatus -> (string)
                        The  appliedStatus  field  specifies which application
                        traffic shift is in effect for a resource  when  there
                        is  more  than  one active traffic shift. There can be
                        more than one application traffic shift in progress at
                        the  same  time  - that is, practice run zonal shifts,
                        customer-initiated zonal shifts, or an autoshift.  The
                        appliedStatus  field  for  a shift that is in progress
                        for a resource can have one of two values: APPLIED  or
                        NOT_APPLIED  .  The  zonal  shift or autoshift that is
                        currently in effect for the resource has  an  applied-
                        Status set to APPLIED .

                        The  overall  principle  for  precedence is that zonal
                        shifts that you start as a  customer  take  precedence
                        autoshifts,  which take precedence over practice runs.
                        That is, customer-initiated zonal shifts >  autoshifts
                        > practice run zonal shifts.

                        For  more  information,  see  How  zonal autoshift and
                        practice runs work in the Amazon Route 53  Application
                        Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

                     awayFrom -> (string)
                        The  Availability  Zone  (for example, use1-az1 ) that
                        traffic is shifted away from for a resource, when Ama-
                        zon  Web  Services  starts an autoshift. Until the au-
                        toshift ends, traffic for the resource is instead  di-
                        rected  to  other Availability Zones in the Amazon Web
                        Services Region. An autoshift can end for a  resource,
                        for  example,  when  Amazon  Web Services ends the au-
                        toshift for the Availability Zone or when you  disable
                        zonal autoshift for the resource.

                     startTime -> (timestamp)
                        The time (UTC) when the autoshift started.

              availabilityZones -> (list)
                 The Availability Zones that a resource is deployed in.

                 (string)

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the managed resource.

              practiceRunStatus -> (string)
                 This  status  tracks whether a practice run configuration ex-
                 ists for a resource. When you configure a practice run for  a
                 resource  so  that a practice run configuration exists, Route
                 53 ARC sets this value to ENABLED . If a you have not config-
                 ured  a  practice  run for the resource, or delete a practice
                 run configuration, Route 53 ARC sets the value to DISABLED .

                 Route 53 ARC updates this status; you can't  set  a  practice
                 run status to ENABLED or DISABLED .

              zonalAutoshiftStatus -> (string)
                 The  status  of  autoshift for a resource. When you configure
                 zonal autoshift for a resource, you can set the value of  the
                 status to ENABLED or DISABLED .

              zonalShifts -> (list)
                 An array of the zonal shifts for a resource.

                 (structure)
                     A  complex  structure  that  lists the zonal shifts for a
                     managed resource and their statuses for the resource.

                     appliedStatus -> (string)
                        The appliedStatus field  specifies  which  application
                        traffic  shift  is in effect for a resource when there
                        is more than one active traffic shift.  There  can  be
                        more than one application traffic shift in progress at
                        the same time - that is, practice  run  zonal  shifts,
                        customer-initiated  zonal shifts, or an autoshift. The
                        appliedStatus field for a shift that  is  in  progress
                        for  a resource can have one of two values: APPLIED or
                        NOT_APPLIED . The zonal shift  or  autoshift  that  is
                        currently  in  effect for the resource has an applied-
                        Status set to APPLIED .

                        The overall principle for  precedence  is  that  zonal
                        shifts  that  you  start as a customer take precedence
                        autoshifts, which take precedence over practice  runs.
                        That  is, customer-initiated zonal shifts > autoshifts
                        > practice run zonal shifts.

                        For more information,  see  How  zonal  autoshift  and
                        practice  runs work in the Amazon Route 53 Application
                        Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

                     awayFrom -> (string)
                        The Availability Zone (for example,  use1-az1  )  that
                        traffic  is  moved  away  from for a resource when you
                        start a zonal shift. Until the zonal shift expires  or
                        you  cancel  it,  traffic  for the resource is instead
                        moved to other Availability Zones in  the  Amazon  Web
                        Services Region.

                     comment -> (string)
                        A  comment  that  you  enter  for a customer-initiated
                        zonal shift. Only the latest comment is  retained;  no
                        comment  history is maintained. That is, a new comment
                        overwrites any existing comment string.

                     expiryTime -> (timestamp)
                        The expiry time (expiration time) for a  customer-ini-
                        tiated  zonal  shift.  A  zonal shift is temporary and
                        must be set to expire when you start the zonal  shift.
                        You  can  initially  set  a zonal shift to expire in a
                        maximum of three days (72 hours). However, you can up-
                        date  a  zonal  shift  to  set a new expiration at any
                        time.

                        When you start a zonal shift, you specify how long you
                        want  it  to be active, which Route 53 ARC converts to
                        an expiry time (expiration time).  You  can  cancel  a
                        zonal  shift  when  you're ready to restore traffic to
                        the Availability Zone, or just wait for it to  expire.
                        Or  you  can update the zonal shift to specify another
                        length of time to expire in.

                     practiceRunOutcome -> (string)
                        The outcome, or end state,  returned  for  a  practice
                        run. The following values can be returned:

                        o PENDING:  Outcome  value  when  a practice run is in
                          progress.

                        o SUCCEEDED: Outcome  value  when  the  outcome  alarm
                          specified  for  the  practice run configuration does
                          not go into an ALARM state during the practice  run,
                          and  the  practice run was not interrupted before it
                          completed the expected 30 minute zonal shift.

                        o INTERRUPTED: Outcome value when the practice run was
                          stopped  before  the  expected 30 minute zonal shift
                          duration, or there  was  another  problem  with  the
                          practice run that created an inconclusive outcome.

                        o FAILED:  Outcome value when the outcome alarm speci-
                          fied for the practice run configuration goes into an
                          ALARM  state  during the practice run, and the prac-
                          tice run was not interrupted before it completed.

                        For more information about practice run outcomes,  see
                        Considerations  when  you configure zonal autoshift in
                        the Amazon Route 53  Application  Recovery  Controller
                        Developer Guide.

                     resourceIdentifier -> (string)
                        The  identifier for the resource to include in a zonal
                        shift. The identifier  is  the  Amazon  Resource  Name
                        (ARN) for the resource.

                        At  this  time,  you  can only start a zonal shift for
                        Network Load Balancers and Application Load  Balancers
                        with cross-zone load balancing turned off.

                     startTime -> (timestamp)
                        The time (UTC) when the zonal shift starts.

                     zonalShiftId -> (string)
                        The identifier of a zonal shift.

       nextToken -> (string)
          Specifies  that  you want to receive the next page of results. Valid
          only if you received a NextToken response in the  previous  request.
          If you did, it indicates that more output is available. Set this pa-
          rameter to the value provided by the previous call's  NextToken  re-
          sponse to request the next page of results.



                                                      LIST-MANAGED-RESOURCES()
