LIST-ZONAL-SHIFTS()                                        LIST-ZONAL-SHIFTS()



NAME
       list-zonal-shifts -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all active and completed zonal shifts in Amazon Route 53 Applica-
       tion Recovery Controller in your Amazon Web Services  account  in  this
       Amazon  Web Services Region. ListZonalShifts returns customer-initiated
       zonal shifts, as well as practice run zonal shifts that  Route  53  ARC
       started on your behalf for zonal autoshift.

       The ListZonalShifts operation does not list autoshifts. For more infor-
       mation about listing autoshifts, see ">ListAutoshifts .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       list-zonal-shifts is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: items

SYNOPSIS
            list-zonal-shifts
          [--resource-identifier <value>]
          [--status <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-identifier (string)
          The  identifier  for the resource that you want to list zonal shifts
          for. The identifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  for  the  re-
          source.

       --status (string)
          A status for a zonal shift.

          The Status for a zonal shift can have one of the following values:

          o ACTIVE : The zonal shift has been started and active.

          o EXPIRED  :  The  zonal  shift has expired (the expiry time was ex-
            ceeded).

          o CANCELED : The zonal shift was canceled.

          Possible values:

          o ACTIVE

          o EXPIRED

          o CANCELED

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       items -> (list)
          The items in the response list.

          (structure)
              Lists information about zonal shifts in Amazon Route 53 Applica-
              tion  Recovery Controller, including zonal shifts that you start
              yourself and zonal shifts that Route 53 ARC starts on  your  be-
              half for practice runs with zonal autoshift.

              Zonal  shifts  are temporary, including customer-initiated zonal
              shifts and the zonal autoshift practice run  zonal  shifts  that
              Route 53 ARC starts weekly, on your behalf. A zonal shift that a
              customer starts can be active for up to three days (72 hours). A
              practice run zonal shift has a 30 minute duration.

              awayFrom -> (string)
                 The  Availability  Zone (for example, use1-az1 ) that traffic
                 is moved away from for a resource  when  you  start  a  zonal
                 shift.  Until the zonal shift expires or you cancel it, traf-
                 fic for the resource is instead moved to  other  Availability
                 Zones in the Amazon Web Services Region.

              comment -> (string)
                 A comment that you enter about the zonal shift. Only the lat-
                 est comment is retained; no comment  history  is  maintained.
                 That  is,  a  new  comment  overwrites  any  existing comment
                 string.

              expiryTime -> (timestamp)
                 The expiry time (expiration time)  for  a  customer-initiated
                 zonal  shift.  A  zonal shift is temporary and must be set to
                 expire when you start the zonal shift. You can initially  set
                 a  zonal  shift  to  expire  in  a  maximum of three days (72
                 hours). However, you can update a zonal shift to  set  a  new
                 expiration at any time.

                 When  you  start a zonal shift, you specify how long you want
                 it to be active, which Route 53 ARC  converts  to  an  expiry
                 time  (expiration  time).  You  can cancel a zonal shift when
                 you're ready to restore traffic to the Availability Zone,  or
                 just wait for it to expire. Or you can update the zonal shift
                 to specify another length of time to expire in.

              practiceRunOutcome -> (string)
                 The outcome, or end state, of a practice run.  The  following
                 values can be returned:

                 o PENDING:   Outcome  value  when  the  practice  run  is  in
                   progress.

                 o SUCCEEDED: Outcome value when the outcome  alarm  specified
                   for  the  practice  run  configuration  does not go into an
                   ALARM state during the practice run, and the  practice  run
                   was not interrupted before it completed.

                 o INTERRUPTED:  Outcome  value  when the practice run did not
                   run for the expected 30 minutes or there was another  prob-
                   lem with the practice run that created an inconclusive out-
                   come.

                 o FAILED: Outcome value when the outcome alarm specified  for
                   the  practice  run  configuration  goes into an ALARM state
                   during the practice run, and the practice run was  not  in-
                   terrupted before it completed.

                 For   more  information  about  practice  run  outcomes,  see
                 Considerations when you configure zonal autoshift in the Ama-
                 zon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

              resourceIdentifier -> (string)
                 The  identifier for the resource to include in a zonal shift.
                 The identifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the  re-
                 source.

                 At  this  time,  you can only start a zonal shift for Network
                 Load Balancers and Application Load Balancers with cross-zone
                 load balancing turned off.

              startTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time (UTC) when the zonal shift starts.

              status -> (string)
                 A status for a zonal shift.

                 The  Status  for  a zonal shift can have one of the following
                 values:

                 o ACTIVE: The zonal shift has been started and active.

                 o EXPIRED: The zonal shift has expired (the expiry  time  was
                   exceeded).

                 o CANCELED: The zonal shift was canceled.

              zonalShiftId -> (string)
                 The identifier of a zonal shift.

       nextToken -> (string)
          Specifies  that  you want to receive the next page of results. Valid
          only if you received a NextToken response in the  previous  request.
          If you did, it indicates that more output is available. Set this pa-
          rameter to the value provided by the previous call's  NextToken  re-
          sponse to request the next page of results.



                                                           LIST-ZONAL-SHIFTS()
