START-ZONAL-SHIFT()                                        START-ZONAL-SHIFT()



NAME
       start-zonal-shift -

DESCRIPTION
       You  start a zonal shift to temporarily move load balancer traffic away
       from an Availability Zone in an Amazon Web  Services  Region,  to  help
       your  application  recover immediately, for example, from a developer's
       bad code deployment or from an Amazon Web Services infrastructure fail-
       ure in a single Availability Zone. You can start a zonal shift in Route
       53 ARC only for managed resources in your Amazon Web  Services  account
       in  an  Amazon  Web Services Region. Resources are automatically regis-
       tered with Route 53 ARC by Amazon Web Services services.

       At this time, you can only start a zonal shift for  Network  Load  Bal-
       ancers  and  Application  Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing
       turned off.

       When you start a zonal shift, traffic for the  resource  is  no  longer
       routed to the Availability Zone. The zonal shift is created immediately
       in Route 53 ARC. However, it can take a short time, typically up  to  a
       few  minutes, for existing, in-progress connections in the Availability
       Zone to complete.

       For more information, see Zonal shift in the Amazon Route  53  Applica-
       tion Recovery Controller Developer Guide.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            start-zonal-shift
          --away-from <value>
          --comment <value>
          --expires-in <value>
          --resource-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --away-from (string)
          The Availability Zone (for example, use1-az1 ) that traffic is moved
          away from for a resource when you start a  zonal  shift.  Until  the
          zonal  shift  expires  or you cancel it, traffic for the resource is
          instead moved to other Availability Zones in the Amazon Web Services
          Region.

       --comment (string)
          A comment that you enter about the zonal shift. Only the latest com-
          ment is retained; no comment history is maintained.  A  new  comment
          overwrites any existing comment string.

       --expires-in (string)
          The  length  of time that you want a zonal shift to be active, which
          Route 53 ARC converts to an expiry  time  (expiration  time).  Zonal
          shifts  are  temporary.  You can set a zonal shift to be active ini-
          tially for up to three days (72 hours).

          If you want to still keep traffic away from  an  Availability  Zone,
          you  can  update  the  zonal shift and set a new expiration. You can
          also cancel a zonal shift, before it expires, for example, if you're
          ready to restore traffic to the Availability Zone.

          To  set  a  length of time for a zonal shift to be active, specify a
          whole number, and then one of the following, with no space:

          o A lowercase letter m: To specify that the value is in minutes.

          o A lowercase letter h: To specify that the value is in hours.

          For example: 20h means the zonal shift expires  in  20  hours.  120m
          means the zonal shift expires in 120 minutes (2 hours).

       --resource-identifier (string)
          The  identifier  for  the  resource  that Amazon Web Services shifts
          traffic for. The identifier is the Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN)  for
          the resource.

          At this time, supported resources are Network Load Balancers and Ap-
          plication Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing turned off.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       awayFrom -> (string)
          The Availability Zone (for example, use1-az1 ) that traffic is moved
          away from for a resource when you start a  zonal  shift.  Until  the
          zonal  shift  expires  or you cancel it, traffic for the resource is
          instead moved to other Availability Zones in the Amazon Web Services
          Region.

       comment -> (string)
          A comment that you enter about the zonal shift. Only the latest com-
          ment is retained; no comment history is maintained.  A  new  comment
          overwrites any existing comment string.

       expiryTime -> (timestamp)
          The  expiry  time  (expiration  time) for a customer-initiated zonal
          shift. A zonal shift is temporary and must be set to expire when you
          start the zonal shift. You can initially set a zonal shift to expire
          in a maximum of three days (72 hours). However,  you  can  update  a
          zonal shift to set a new expiration at any time.

          When you start a zonal shift, you specify how long you want it to be
          active, which Route 53 ARC converts to an  expiry  time  (expiration
          time).  You  can  cancel  a zonal shift when you're ready to restore
          traffic to the Availability Zone, or just wait for it to expire.  Or
          you  can update the zonal shift to specify another length of time to
          expire in.

       resourceIdentifier -> (string)
          The identifier for the resource  that  Amazon  Web  Services  shifts
          traffic  for.  The  identifier is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for
          the resource.

          At this time, supported resources are Network Load Balancers and Ap-
          plication Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing turned off.

       startTime -> (timestamp)
          The time (UTC) when the zonal shift starts.

       status -> (string)
          A status for a zonal shift.

          The Status for a zonal shift can have one of the following values:

          o ACTIVE: The zonal shift has been started and active.

          o EXPIRED:  The  zonal  shift  has  expired (the expiry time was ex-
            ceeded).

          o CANCELED: The zonal shift was canceled.

       zonalShiftId -> (string)
          The identifier of a zonal shift.



                                                           START-ZONAL-SHIFT()
