CREATE-LENS-VERSION()                                    CREATE-LENS-VERSION()



NAME
       create-lens-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Create a new lens version.

       A lens can have up to 100 versions.

       After  a  lens  has been imported, create a new lens version to publish
       it. The owner of a lens can share the lens with other Amazon  Web  Ser-
       vices  accounts  and  IAM users in the same Amazon Web Services Region.
       Only the owner of a lens can delete it.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-lens-version
          --lens-alias <value>
          --lens-version <value>
          [--is-major-version | --no-is-major-version]
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens, for example, serverless .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --lens-version (string)
          The version of the lens being created.

       --is-major-version | --no-is-major-version (boolean)
          Set to true if this new major lens version.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LensArn -> (string)
          The ARN for the lens.

       LensVersion -> (string)
          The version of the lens.



                                                         CREATE-LENS-VERSION()
