CREATE-LENS-SHARE()                                        CREATE-LENS-SHARE()



NAME
       create-lens-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Create a lens share.

       The  owner  of  a  lens can share it with other Amazon Web Services ac-
       counts and IAM users in the same Amazon Web Services Region. Shared ac-
       cess to a lens is not removed until the lens invitation is deleted.

       NOTE:
              Disclaimer

          By  sharing  your  custom  lenses with other Amazon Web Services ac-
          counts, you acknowledge that Amazon Web Services will make your cus-
          tom  lenses  available to those other accounts. Those other accounts
          may continue to access and use your shared custom lenses even if you
          delete  the  custom lenses from your own Amazon Web Services account
          or terminate your Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-lens-share
          --lens-alias <value>
          --shared-with <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens.

          For Amazon Web Services official lenses, this  is  either  the  lens
          alias, such as serverless , or the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellar-
          chitected:us-west-2::lens/serverless .

          For custom lenses, this is the lens ARN, such as  arn:aws:wellarchi-
          tected:us-east-1:123456789012:lens/my-lens .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --shared-with (string)
          The  Amazon Web Services account ID or IAM role with which the work-
          load is shared.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ShareId -> (string)
          The ID associated with the workload share.



                                                           CREATE-LENS-SHARE()
