CREATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()                                CREATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()



NAME
       create-workload-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Create a workload share.

       The owner of a workload can share it with other Amazon Web Services ac-
       counts and IAM users in the same Amazon Web Services Region. Shared ac-
       cess  to  a  workload  is  not removed until the workload invitation is
       deleted.

       For more information, see Sharing a Workload  in  the  Well-Architected
       Tool User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-workload-share
          --workload-id <value>
          --shared-with <value>
          --permission-type <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workload-id (string)
          The  ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --shared-with (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID or IAM role with which the  work-
          load is shared.

       --permission-type (string)
          Permission granted on a workload share.

          Possible values:

          o READONLY

          o CONTRIBUTOR

       --client-request-token (string)
          A  unique  case-sensitive string used to ensure that this request is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after it has completed successfully, the result of the original  re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it, the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one  for
              you.  If  you  are  not using the Amazon Web Services SDK or the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       WorkloadId -> (string)
          The ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       ShareId -> (string)
          The ID associated with the workload share.



                                                       CREATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()
