DELETE-LENS()                                                    DELETE-LENS()



NAME
       delete-lens -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete an existing lens.

       Only the owner of a lens can delete it. After the lens is deleted, Ama-
       zon Web Services accounts and IAM users that you shared the  lens  with
       can  continue to use it, but they will no longer be able to apply it to
       new workloads.

       NOTE:
              Disclaimer

          By sharing your custom lenses with other  Amazon  Web  Services  ac-
          counts, you acknowledge that Amazon Web Services will make your cus-
          tom lenses available to those other accounts. Those  other  accounts
          may continue to access and use your shared custom lenses even if you
          delete the custom lenses from your own Amazon Web  Services  account
          or terminate your Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-lens
          --lens-alias <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          --lens-status <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens.

          For  Amazon  Web  Services  official lenses, this is either the lens
          alias, such as serverless , or the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellar-
          chitected:us-west-2::lens/serverless .

          For  custom lenses, this is the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellarchi-
          tected:us-east-1:123456789012:lens/my-lens .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --lens-status (string)
          The status of the lens to be deleted.

          Possible values:

          o ALL

          o DRAFT

          o PUBLISHED

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 DELETE-LENS()
