DELETE-LENS-SHARE()                                        DELETE-LENS-SHARE()



NAME
       delete-lens-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete a lens share.

       After  the  lens share is deleted, Amazon Web Services accounts and IAM
       users that you shared the lens with can continue to use  it,  but  they
       will no longer be able to apply it to new workloads.

       NOTE:
              Disclaimer

          By  sharing  your  custom  lenses with other Amazon Web Services ac-
          counts, you acknowledge that Amazon Web Services will make your cus-
          tom  lenses  available to those other accounts. Those other accounts
          may continue to access and use your shared custom lenses even if you
          delete  the  custom lenses from your own Amazon Web Services account
          or terminate your Amazon Web Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-lens-share
          --share-id <value>
          --lens-alias <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --share-id (string)
          The ID associated with the workload share.

       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens, for example, serverless .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-LENS-SHARE()
