DISASSOCIATE-LENSES()                                    DISASSOCIATE-LENSES()



NAME
       disassociate-lenses -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociate a lens from a workload.

       Up  to  10  lenses can be disassociated from a workload in a single API
       operation.

       NOTE:
          The Amazon Web Services Well-Architected Framework lens  (wellarchi-
          tected ) cannot be removed from a workload.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-lenses
          --workload-id <value>
          --lens-aliases <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workload-id (string)
          The  ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --lens-aliases (list)
          List of lens aliases to associate or disassociate with  a  workload.
          Up to 10 lenses can be specified.

          Identify a lens using its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

          (string)
              The alias of the lens.

              For Amazon Web Services official lenses, this is either the lens
              alias,  such  as  serverless  ,  or  the  lens  ARN,   such   as
              arn:aws:wellarchitected:us-west-2::lens/serverless .

              For custom lenses, this is the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellar-
              chitected:us-east-1:123456789012:lens/my-lens .

              Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DISASSOCIATE-LENSES()
