EXPORT-LENS()                                                    EXPORT-LENS()



NAME
       export-lens -

DESCRIPTION
       Export an existing lens.

       Lenses are defined in JSON. For more information, see JSON format spec-
       ification in the Well-Architected Tool User Guide . Only the owner of a
       lens can export it.

       NOTE:
              Disclaimer

          Do  not include or gather personal identifiable information (PII) of
          end users or other identifiable individuals in or  via  your  custom
          lenses.  If  your  custom  lens or those shared with you and used in
          your account do include or collect PII you are responsible for:  en-
          suring  that the included PII is processed in accordance with appli-
          cable law, providing adequate privacy notices, and obtaining  neces-
          sary consents for processing such data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            export-lens
          --lens-alias <value>
          [--lens-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens.

          For  Amazon  Web  Services  official lenses, this is either the lens
          alias, such as serverless , or the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellar-
          chitected:us-west-2::lens/serverless .

          For  custom lenses, this is the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellarchi-
          tected:us-east-1:123456789012:lens/my-lens .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --lens-version (string)
          The lens version to be exported.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LensJSON -> (string)
          The JSON for the lens.



                                                                 EXPORT-LENS()
