IMPORT-LENS()                                                    IMPORT-LENS()



NAME
       import-lens -

DESCRIPTION
       Import a new lens.

       The lens cannot be applied to workloads or shared with other Amazon Web
       Services accounts until it's published with  CreateLensVersion

       Lenses are defined in JSON. For more information, see JSON format spec-
       ification in the Well-Architected Tool User Guide .

       A custom lens cannot exceed 500 KB in size.

       NOTE:
              Disclaimer

          Do  not include or gather personal identifiable information (PII) of
          end users or other identifiable individuals in or  via  your  custom
          lenses.  If  your  custom  lens or those shared with you and used in
          your account do include or collect PII you are responsible for:  en-
          suring  that the included PII is processed in accordance with appli-
          cable law, providing adequate privacy notices, and obtaining  neces-
          sary consents for processing such data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            import-lens
          [--lens-alias <value>]
          --json-string <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens.

          For  Amazon  Web  Services  official lenses, this is either the lens
          alias, such as serverless , or the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellar-
          chitected:us-west-2::lens/serverless .

          For  custom lenses, this is the lens ARN, such as arn:aws:wellarchi-
          tected:us-east-1:123456789012:lens/my-lens .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --json-string (string)
          The JSON representation of a lens.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --tags (map)
          Tags to associate to a lens.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LensArn -> (string)
          The ARN for the lens.

       Status -> (string)
          The status of the imported lens.



                                                                 IMPORT-LENS()
