UPDATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()                                UPDATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()



NAME
       update-workload-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Update a workload share.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-workload-share
          --share-id <value>
          --workload-id <value>
          --permission-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --share-id (string)
          The ID associated with the workload share.

       --workload-id (string)
          The  ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --permission-type (string)
          Permission granted on a workload share.

          Possible values:

          o READONLY

          o CONTRIBUTOR

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       WorkloadId -> (string)
          The ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       WorkloadShare -> (structure)
          A workload share return object.

          ShareId -> (string)
              The ID associated with the workload share.

          SharedBy -> (string)
              An Amazon Web Services account ID.

          SharedWith -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Web  Services account ID or IAM role with which the
              workload is shared.

          PermissionType -> (string)
              Permission granted on a workload share.

          Status -> (string)
              The status of a workload share.

          WorkloadName -> (string)
              The name of the workload.

              The name must be unique within an account within an  Amazon  Web
              Services  Region.  Spaces  and  capitalization  are ignored when
              checking for uniqueness.

          WorkloadId -> (string)
              The ID assigned to the workload. This ID  is  unique  within  an
              Amazon Web Services Region.



                                                       UPDATE-WORKLOAD-SHARE()
