UPGRADE-LENS-REVIEW()                                    UPGRADE-LENS-REVIEW()



NAME
       upgrade-lens-review -

DESCRIPTION
       Upgrade lens review.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            upgrade-lens-review
          --workload-id <value>
          --lens-alias <value>
          --milestone-name <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workload-id (string)
          The  ID assigned to the workload. This ID is unique within an Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --lens-alias (string)
          The alias of the lens, for example, serverless .

          Each lens is identified by its  LensSummary$LensAlias .

       --milestone-name (string)
          The name of the milestone in a workload.

          Milestone names must be unique within a workload.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique case-sensitive string used to ensure that this  request  is
          idempotent (executes only once).

          You should not reuse the same token for other requests. If you retry
          a request with the same client request token and the same parameters
          after  it has completed successfully, the result of the original re-
          quest is returned.

          WARNING:
              This token is listed as required, however, if you do not specify
              it,  the Amazon Web Services SDKs automatically generate one for
              you. If you are not using the Amazon Web  Services  SDK  or  the
              CLI, you must provide this token or the request will fail.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         UPGRADE-LENS-REVIEW()
