LIST-ATTRIBUTES()                                            LIST-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       list-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the attributes for Amazon ECS resources within a specified target
       type and cluster. When you specify a target type and  cluster,  ListAt-
       tributes returns a list of attribute objects, one for each attribute on
       each resource. You can filter the list of results to a single attribute
       name  to  only  return results that have that name. You can also filter
       the results by attribute name and value. You can do this, for  example,
       to  see  which container instances in a cluster are running a Linux AMI
       (ecs.os-type=linux ).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-attributes is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: attributes

SYNOPSIS
            list-attributes
          [--cluster <value>]
          --target-type <value>
          [--attribute-name <value>]
          [--attribute-value <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster (string)
          The  short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster to
          list attributes. If you do not specify a cluster, the default  clus-
          ter is assumed.

       --target-type (string)
          The type of the target to list attributes with.

          Possible values:

          o container-instance

       --attribute-name (string)
          The name of the attribute to filter the results with.

       --attribute-value (string)
          The  value  of  the  attribute to filter results with. You must also
          specify an attribute name to use this parameter.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the container instances that contain a specific attribute

       The following example lists the attributes for container instances that
       have the stack=production attribute in the default cluster.

          aws ecs list-attributes \
              --target-type container-instance \
              --attribute-name stack \
              --attribute-value production \
              --cluster default

       Output:

          {
              "attributes": [
                  {
                      "name": "stack",
                      "targetId": "arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:130757420319:container-instance/1c3be8ed-df30-47b4-8f1e-6e68ebd01f34",
                      "value": "production"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Amazon ECS Container Agent  Configuration  in
       the Amazon ECS Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       attributes -> (list)
          A list of attribute objects that meet the criteria of the request.

          (structure)
              An attribute is a name-value pair that's associated with an Ama-
              zon ECS object. Attributes enable you to extend the  Amazon  ECS
              data model by adding custom metadata to your resources. For more
              information, see Attributes in the Amazon Elastic Container Ser-
              vice Developer Guide .

              name -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the attribute. The name must contain between 1
                 and 128 characters. The name may contain  letters  (uppercase
                 and  lowercase),  numbers, hyphens (-), underscores (_), for-
                 ward slashes (/), back slashes (), or periods (.).

              value -> (string)
                 The value of the attribute. The value must contain between  1
                 and  128  characters.  It  can contain letters (uppercase and
                 lowercase), numbers, hyphens (-),  underscores  (_),  periods
                 (.),  at  signs  (@),  forward  slashes (/), back slashes (),
                 colons (:), or spaces. The value can't  can't  start  or  end
                 with a space.

              targetType -> (string)
                 The type of the target to attach the attribute with. This pa-
                 rameter is required if you use the short form ID  for  a  re-
                 source instead of the full ARN.

              targetId -> (string)
                 The ID of the target. You can specify the short form ID for a
                 resource or the full Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       nextToken -> (string)
          The nextToken value to include in a future  ListAttributes  request.
          When  the  results  of  a ListAttributes request exceed maxResults ,
          this value can be used to retrieve the next page  of  results.  This
          value is null when there are no more results to return.



                                                             LIST-ATTRIBUTES()
