LIST-SERVICES()                                                LIST-SERVICES()



NAME
       list-services -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  services.  You can filter the results by cluster,
       launch type, and scheduling strategy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-services is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: serviceArns

SYNOPSIS
            list-services
          [--cluster <value>]
          [--launch-type <value>]
          [--scheduling-strategy <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster (string)
          The  short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster to
          use when filtering the ListServices results. If you do not specify a
          cluster, the default cluster is assumed.

       --launch-type (string)
          The launch type to use when filtering the ListServices results.

          Possible values:

          o EC2

          o FARGATE

          o EXTERNAL

       --scheduling-strategy (string)
          The  scheduling  strategy to use when filtering the ListServices re-
          sults.

          Possible values:

          o REPLICA

          o DAEMON

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the services in a cluster

       The following list-services example shows how to list the services run-
       ning in a cluster.

          aws ecs list-services --cluster MyCluster

       Output:

           {
               "serviceArns": [
                   "arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:123456789012:service/MyCluster/MyService"
               ]
          }

       For more information, see Services in the Amazon ECS Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       serviceArns -> (list)
          The list of full ARN entries for each service that's associated with
          the specified cluster.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  nextToken  value  to  include in a future ListServices request.
          When the results of a ListServices request exceed maxResults ,  this
          value  can  be used to retrieve the next page of results. This value
          is null when there are no more results to return.



                                                               LIST-SERVICES()
