LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       List the tags for an Amazon ECS resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the resource to list
          the tags for. Currently, the  supported  resources  are  Amazon  ECS
          tasks,  services,  task  definitions,  clusters,  and  container in-
          stances.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the tags for a resource

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists the tags for a  spe-
       cific cluster.

          aws ecs list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster/MyCluster

       Output:

          {
              "tags": [
                  {
                      "key": "key1",
                      "value": "value1"
                  },
                  {
                      "key": "key2",
                      "value": "value2"
                  },
                  {
                      "key": "key3",
                      "value": "value3"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          The tags for the resource.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and organize them. Each tag consists of a key  and  an  optional
              value. You define them.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

              o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o If your tagging schema is used across  multiple  services  and
                resources,  remember that other services may have restrictions
                on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are:  let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of  such  as  a  prefix for either keys or values as it is re-
                served for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or  delete
                tag  keys or values with this prefix. Tags with this prefix do
                not count against your tags per resource limit.

              key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key  is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a  tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
