REGISTER-TASK-DEFINITION()                          REGISTER-TASK-DEFINITION()



NAME
       register-task-definition -

DESCRIPTION
       Registers  a  new task definition from the supplied family and contain-
       erDefinitions . Optionally, you can add data volumes to your containers
       with  the volumes parameter. For more information about task definition
       parameters and defaults, see Amazon ECS Task Definitions in the  Amazon
       Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

       You  can specify an IAM role for your task with the taskRoleArn parame-
       ter. When you specify an IAM role for a task, its containers  can  then
       use  the latest versions of the CLI or SDKs to make API requests to the
       Amazon Web Services services that  are  specified  in  the  IAM  policy
       that's  associated  with  the role. For more information, see IAM Roles
       for Tasks in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

       You can specify a Docker networking mode for  the  containers  in  your
       task  definition  with the networkMode parameter. The available network
       modes correspond to those described in Network settings in  the  Docker
       run  reference. If you specify the awsvpc network mode, the task is al-
       located an elastic network interface, and you must specify a   Network-
       Configuration  when  you  create  a service or run a task with the task
       definition. For more information, see Task  Networking  in  the  Amazon
       Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            register-task-definition
          --family <value>
          [--task-role-arn <value>]
          [--execution-role-arn <value>]
          [--network-mode <value>]
          --container-definitions <value>
          [--volumes <value>]
          [--placement-constraints <value>]
          [--requires-compatibilities <value>]
          [--cpu <value>]
          [--memory <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--pid-mode <value>]
          [--ipc-mode <value>]
          [--proxy-configuration <value>]
          [--inference-accelerators <value>]
          [--ephemeral-storage <value>]
          [--runtime-platform <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --family (string)
          You  must  specify  a  family  for a task definition. You can use it
          track multiple versions of the same task definition. The  family  is
          used  as  a name for your task definition. Up to 255 letters (upper-
          case and lowercase), numbers, underscores, and hyphens are allowed.

       --task-role-arn (string)
          The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  IAM  role
          that containers in this task can assume. All containers in this task
          are granted the permissions that are specified  in  this  role.  For
          more information, see IAM Roles for Tasks in the Amazon Elastic Con-
          tainer Service Developer Guide .

       --execution-role-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN)  of  the  task  execution  role  that
          grants  the Amazon ECS container agent permission to make Amazon Web
          Services API calls on your behalf. The task execution  IAM  role  is
          required depending on the requirements of your task. For more infor-
          mation, see Amazon ECS task execution IAM role in the Amazon Elastic
          Container Service Developer Guide .

       --network-mode (string)
          The  Docker  networking  mode to use for the containers in the task.
          The valid values are none , bridge , awsvpc , and host . If no  net-
          work mode is specified, the default is bridge .

          For  Amazon  ECS  tasks  on  Fargate, the awsvpc network mode is re-
          quired. For Amazon ECS tasks on Amazon EC2 Linux instances, any net-
          work  mode  can  be used. For Amazon ECS tasks on Amazon EC2 Windows
          instances, <default> or awsvpc can be used. If the network  mode  is
          set  to  none  ,  you cannot specify port mappings in your container
          definitions, and the tasks containers do not have  external  connec-
          tivity. The host and awsvpc network modes offer the highest network-
          ing performance for containers because  they  use  the  EC2  network
          stack  instead  of  the  virtualized  network  stack provided by the
          bridge mode.

          With the host and awsvpc network modes, exposed container ports  are
          mapped directly to the corresponding host port (for the host network
          mode) or the attached elastic network interface port (for the awsvpc
          network  mode),  so  you  cannot take advantage of dynamic host port
          mappings.

          WARNING:
              When using the host network mode, you should not run  containers
              using  the  root user (UID 0). It is considered best practice to
              use a non-root user.

          If the network mode is awsvpc , the task  is  allocated  an  elastic
          network  interface,  and  you  must  specify a  NetworkConfiguration
          value when you create a service or run a task with the task  defini-
          tion.  For more information, see Task Networking in the Amazon Elas-
          tic Container Service Developer Guide .

          If the network mode is host , you cannot run multiple instantiations
          of  the  same task on a single container instance when port mappings
          are used.

          For more information, see Network settings in the Docker run  refer-
          ence .

          Possible values:

          o bridge

          o host

          o awsvpc

          o none

       --container-definitions (list)
          A  list  of  container  definitions in JSON format that describe the
          different containers that make up your task.

          (structure)
              Container definitions are used in task definitions  to  describe
              the different containers that are launched as part of a task.

              name -> (string)
                 The  name of a container. If you're linking multiple contain-
                 ers together in a task definition, the name of one  container
                 can  be  entered in the links of another container to connect
                 the containers. Up to 255 letters (uppercase and  lowercase),
                 numbers, underscores, and hyphens are allowed. This parameter
                 maps to name in the Create a container section of the  Docker
                 Remote API and the --name option to docker run .

              image -> (string)
                 The  image  used  to start a container. This string is passed
                 directly to the Docker daemon.  By  default,  images  in  the
                 Docker  Hub  registry  are  available. Other repositories are
                 specified with either `` repository-url /image :tag `` or  ``
                 repository-url  /image  @*digest* `` . Up to 255 letters (up-
                 percase  and  lowercase),  numbers,   hyphens,   underscores,
                 colons,  periods,  forward  slashes, and number signs are al-
                 lowed. This parameter maps to Image in the Create a container
                 section  of  the Docker Remote API and the IMAGE parameter of
                 docker run .

                 o When a new task starts,  the  Amazon  ECS  container  agent
                   pulls the latest version of the specified image and tag for
                   the container to use.  However,  subsequent  updates  to  a
                   repository  image  aren't  propagated  to  already  running
                   tasks.

                 o Images in Amazon ECR repositories can be specified  by  ei-
                   ther   using   the  full  registry/repository:tag  or  reg-
                   istry/repository@digest        .        For        example,
                   012345678910.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.amazonaws.com/<reposi-
                   tory-name>:latest       or        012345678910.dkr.ecr.<re-
                   gion-name>.amazonaws.com/<reposi-
                   tory-name>@sha256:94afd1f2e64d908bc90dbca0035a5b567EXAMPLE
                   .

                 o Images  in official repositories on Docker Hub use a single
                   name (for example, ubuntu or mongo ).

                 o Images in other repositories on Docker  Hub  are  qualified
                   with   an   organization  name  (for  example,  amazon/ama-
                   zon-ecs-agent ).

                 o Images in other online repositories are  qualified  further
                   by  a domain name (for example, quay.io/assemblyline/ubuntu
                   ).

              repositoryCredentials -> (structure)
                 The private repository authentication credentials to use.

                 credentialsParameter -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  secret  containing
                     the private repository credentials.

                     NOTE:
                        When  you  use  the Amazon ECS API, CLI, or Amazon Web
                        Services SDK, if the secret exists in the same  Region
                        as the task that you're launching then you can use ei-
                        ther the full ARN or the name of the secret. When  you
                        use  the  Amazon  Web Services Management Console, you
                        must specify the full ARN of the secret.

              cpu -> (integer)
                 The number of cpu units reserved for the container. This  pa-
                 rameter  maps  to CpuShares in the Create a container section
                 of the Docker Remote  API  and  the  --cpu-shares  option  to
                 docker run .

                 This  field  is  optional  for tasks using the Fargate launch
                 type, and the only requirement is that the  total  amount  of
                 CPU  reserved  for all containers within a task be lower than
                 the task-level cpu value.

                 NOTE:
                     You can determine the number of CPU units that are avail-
                     able  per  EC2  instance  type  by  multiplying the vCPUs
                     listed for that instance type on the Amazon EC2 Instances
                     detail page by 1,024.

                 Linux  containers share unallocated CPU units with other con-
                 tainers on the container instance  with  the  same  ratio  as
                 their allocated amount. For example, if you run a single-con-
                 tainer task on a single-core instance type with 512 CPU units
                 specified  for  that container, and that's the only task run-
                 ning on the container instance, that container could use  the
                 full  1,024 CPU unit share at any given time. However, if you
                 launched another copy of the same task on that container  in-
                 stance,  each  task  is guaranteed a minimum of 512 CPU units
                 when needed. Moreover, each container could float  to  higher
                 CPU  usage  if  the other container was not using it. If both
                 tasks were 100% active all of the time, they would be limited
                 to 512 CPU units.

                 On  Linux  container instances, the Docker daemon on the con-
                 tainer instance uses the CPU value to calculate the  relative
                 CPU  share  ratios  for running containers. For more informa-
                 tion, see CPU share constraint in the  Docker  documentation.
                 The  minimum  valid CPU share value that the Linux kernel al-
                 lows is 2. However, the CPU parameter isn't required, and you
                 can use CPU values below 2 in your container definitions. For
                 CPU values below 2  (including  null),  the  behavior  varies
                 based on your Amazon ECS container agent version:

                 o Agent  versions  less than or equal to 1.1.0: Null and zero
                   CPU values are passed to Docker as  0,  which  Docker  then
                   converts to 1,024 CPU shares. CPU values of 1 are passed to
                   Docker as 1, which the Linux kernel  converts  to  two  CPU
                   shares.

                 o Agent  versions greater than or equal to 1.2.0: Null, zero,
                   and CPU values of 1 are passed to Docker as 2.

                 On Windows container instances, the CPU limit is enforced  as
                 an  absolute  limit, or a quota. Windows containers only have
                 access to the specified amount of CPU that's described in the
                 task definition. A null or zero CPU value is passed to Docker
                 as 0 , which Windows interprets as 1% of one CPU.

              memory -> (integer)
                 The amount (in MiB) of memory to present to the container. If
                 your  container attempts to exceed the memory specified here,
                 the container is killed. The total amount of memory  reserved
                 for  all containers within a task must be lower than the task
                 memory value, if one is specified.  This  parameter  maps  to
                 Memory in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote
                 API and the --memory option to docker run .

                 If using the Fargate launch type, this parameter is optional.

                 If using the EC2 launch  type,  you  must  specify  either  a
                 task-level memory value or a container-level memory value. If
                 you specify both a container-level memory and  memoryReserva-
                 tion  value,  memory must be greater than memoryReservation .
                 If you specify memoryReservation , then that  value  is  sub-
                 tracted from the available memory resources for the container
                 instance where the container is placed. Otherwise, the  value
                 of memory is used.

                 The  Docker  20.10.0  or later daemon reserves a minimum of 6
                 MiB of memory for a container,  so  you  should  not  specify
                 fewer than 6 MiB of memory for your containers.

                 The  Docker  19.03.13-ce or earlier daemon reserves a minimum
                 of 4 MiB of memory for a container, so you should not specify
                 fewer than 4 MiB of memory for your containers.

              memoryReservation -> (integer)
                 The  soft  limit  (in  MiB) of memory to reserve for the con-
                 tainer. When system memory is under heavy contention,  Docker
                 attempts  to  keep  the  container memory to this soft limit.
                 However, your container can consume more memory when it needs
                 to, up to either the hard limit specified with the memory pa-
                 rameter (if applicable), or all of the  available  memory  on
                 the container instance, whichever comes first. This parameter
                 maps to MemoryReservation in the Create a  container  section
                 of  the Docker Remote API and the --memory-reservation option
                 to docker run .

                 If a task-level memory value is not specified, you must spec-
                 ify  a  non-zero  integer  for one or both of memory or memo-
                 ryReservation in a container definition. If you specify both,
                 memory  must be greater than memoryReservation . If you spec-
                 ify memoryReservation , then that value  is  subtracted  from
                 the  available  memory  resources  for the container instance
                 where the container is placed. Otherwise, the value of memory
                 is used.

                 For  example, if your container normally uses 128 MiB of mem-
                 ory, but occasionally bursts to 256 MiB of memory  for  short
                 periods  of time, you can set a memoryReservation of 128 MiB,
                 and a memory hard limit of 300 MiB. This configuration  would
                 allow  the  container  to only reserve 128 MiB of memory from
                 the remaining resources on the container instance,  but  also
                 allow  the  container  to  consume more memory resources when
                 needed.

                 The Docker daemon reserves a minimum of 4 MiB of memory for a
                 container.  Therefore,  we  recommend  that you specify fewer
                 than 4 MiB of memory for your containers.

              links -> (list)
                 The links parameter allows  containers  to  communicate  with
                 each other without the need for port mappings. This parameter
                 is only supported if the network mode of a task definition is
                 bridge  .  The  name:internalName  construct  is analogous to
                 name:alias in Docker links. Up to 255 letters (uppercase  and
                 lowercase),  numbers,  underscores,  and hyphens are allowed.
                 For more information about linking Docker containers,  go  to
                 Legacy  container links in the Docker documentation. This pa-
                 rameter maps to Links in the Create a  container  section  of
                 the Docker Remote API and the --link option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

                 WARNING:
                     Containers  that are collocated on a single container in-
                     stance may be able to communicate with each other without
                     requiring  links or host port mappings. Network isolation
                     is achieved on  the  container  instance  using  security
                     groups and VPC settings.

                 (string)

              portMappings -> (list)
                 The  list  of  port mappings for the container. Port mappings
                 allow containers to access ports on the  host  container  in-
                 stance to send or receive traffic.

                 For  task  definitions that use the awsvpc network mode, only
                 specify the containerPort . The hostPort can be left blank or
                 it must be the same value as the containerPort .

                 Port  mappings  on  Windows  use  the  NetNAT gateway address
                 rather than localhost . There's no loopback for port mappings
                 on  Windows,  so  you  can't access a container's mapped port
                 from the host itself.

                 This parameter maps to PortBindings in the Create a container
                 section  of the Docker Remote API and the --publish option to
                 docker run . If the network mode of a task definition is  set
                 to  none  , then you can't specify port mappings. If the net-
                 work mode of a task definition is set to  host  ,  then  host
                 ports  must  either  be undefined or they must match the con-
                 tainer port in the port mapping.

                 NOTE:
                     After a task reaches the RUNNING status, manual and auto-
                     matic  host and container port assignments are visible in
                     the Network Bindings section of a  container  description
                     for  a  selected  task in the Amazon ECS console. The as-
                     signments are also visible in the networkBindings section
                     DescribeTasks responses.

                 (structure)
                     Port  mappings  allow  containers  to access ports on the
                     host container instance to send or receive traffic.  Port
                     mappings  are  specified as part of the container defini-
                     tion.

                     If you use containers in a task with the awsvpc  or  host
                     network  mode, specify the exposed ports using container-
                     Port . The hostPort can be left blank or it must  be  the
                     same value as the containerPort .

                     NOTE:
                        You  can't expose the same container port for multiple
                        protocols. If you attempt this, an error is returned.

                     After a task reaches the RUNNING status, manual and auto-
                     matic  host and container port assignments are visible in
                     the networkBindings section  of   DescribeTasks  API  re-
                     sponses.

                     containerPort -> (integer)
                        The  port  number on the container that's bound to the
                        user-specified or automatically assigned host port.

                        If you use containers in a task  with  the  awsvpc  or
                        host  network  mode,  specify  the exposed ports using
                        containerPort .

                        If you use containers in a task with the  bridge  net-
                        work  mode  and you specify a container port and not a
                        host port, your  container  automatically  receives  a
                        host port in the ephemeral port range. For more infor-
                        mation, see hostPort . Port mappings that are automat-
                        ically  assigned  in  this way do not count toward the
                        100 reserved ports limit of a container instance.

                     hostPort -> (integer)
                        The port number on the container instance  to  reserve
                        for your container.

                        If  you  use  containers  in a task with the awsvpc or
                        host network mode, the hostPort  can  either  be  left
                        blank or set to the same value as the containerPort .

                        If  you  use containers in a task with the bridge net-
                        work mode, you can specify a  non-reserved  host  port
                        for  your  container port mapping, or you can omit the
                        hostPort (or set it to 0 ) while specifying a contain-
                        erPort  and  your  container  automatically receives a
                        port in the ephemeral port range  for  your  container
                        instance operating system and Docker version.

                        The  default  ephemeral  port range for Docker version
                        1.6.0 and  later  is  listed  on  the  instance  under
                        /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_local_port_range  . If this ker-
                        nel parameter is unavailable,  the  default  ephemeral
                        port  range  from  49153 through 65535 is used. Do not
                        attempt to specify a host port in the  ephemeral  port
                        range  as these are reserved for automatic assignment.
                        In general, ports  below  32768  are  outside  of  the
                        ephemeral port range.

                        NOTE:
                            The   default  ephemeral  port  range  from  49153
                            through 65535 is always used for  Docker  versions
                            before 1.6.0.

                        The  default reserved ports are 22 for SSH, the Docker
                        ports 2375 and 2376,  and  the  Amazon  ECS  container
                        agent ports 51678-51680. Any host port that was previ-
                        ously specified in a running  task  is  also  reserved
                        while  the  task  is  running.  That  is, after a task
                        stops, the host port is released. The current reserved
                        ports  are displayed in the remainingResources of  De-
                        scribeContainerInstances output. A container  instance
                        can have up to 100 reserved ports at a time. This num-
                        ber includes the default reserved ports. Automatically
                        assigned  ports  aren't  included  in the 100 reserved
                        ports quota.

                     protocol -> (string)
                        The protocol used for the port mapping.  Valid  values
                        are tcp and udp . The default is tcp .

              essential -> (boolean)
                 If the essential parameter of a container is marked as true ,
                 and that container fails or stops for any reason,  all  other
                 containers  that are part of the task are stopped. If the es-
                 sential parameter of a container is marked  as  false  ,  its
                 failure  doesn't affect the rest of the containers in a task.
                 If this parameter is omitted, a container is  assumed  to  be
                 essential.

                 All  tasks must have at least one essential container. If you
                 have an application that's composed of  multiple  containers,
                 group containers that are used for a common purpose into com-
                 ponents, and separate the different components into  multiple
                 task  definitions.  For more information, see Application Ar-
                 chitecture in the Amazon Elastic Container Service  Developer
                 Guide .

              entryPoint -> (list)

                 WARNING:
                     Early  versions  of  the Amazon ECS container agent don't
                     properly handle entryPoint parameters. If you have  prob-
                     lems  using  entryPoint  , update your container agent or
                     enter your commands and arguments as command array  items
                     instead.

                 The  entry point that's passed to the container. This parame-
                 ter maps to Entrypoint in the Create a container  section  of
                 the  Docker  Remote API and the --entrypoint option to docker
                 run       .       For       more       information,       see
                 https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint
                 .

                 (string)

              command -> (list)
                 The command that's passed to the  container.  This  parameter
                 maps  to  Cmd in the Create a container section of the Docker
                 Remote API and the COMMAND parameter to docker run . For more
                 information,                                              see
                 https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd  .   If
                 there  are  multiple  arguments, each argument is a separated
                 string in the array.

                 (string)

              environment -> (list)
                 The environment variables to pass to a container. This param-
                 eter  maps  to  Env  in the Create a container section of the
                 Docker Remote API and the --env option to docker run .

                 WARNING:
                     We don't recommend that  you  use  plaintext  environment
                     variables  for  sensitive information, such as credential
                     data.

                 (structure)
                     A key-value pair object.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the key-value pair. For environment  vari-
                        ables, this is the name of the environment variable.

                     value -> (string)
                        The value of the key-value pair. For environment vari-
                        ables, this is the value of the environment variable.

              environmentFiles -> (list)
                 A list of files containing the environment variables to  pass
                 to  a container. This parameter maps to the --env-file option
                 to docker run .

                 You can specify up to ten environment files.  The  file  must
                 have  a .env file extension. Each line in an environment file
                 contains an environment variable  in  VARIABLE=VALUE  format.
                 Lines  beginning  with  # are treated as comments and are ig-
                 nored. For more information about  the  environment  variable
                 file  syntax,  see  Declare  default environment variables in
                 file .

                 If there are environment variables specified using the  envi-
                 ronment parameter in a container definition, they take prece-
                 dence over the  variables  contained  within  an  environment
                 file.  If  multiple environment files are specified that con-
                 tain the same variable, they're processed from the top  down.
                 We recommend that you use unique variable names. For more in-
                 formation, see Specifying Environment Variables in the Amazon
                 Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 (structure)
                     A  list  of files containing the environment variables to
                     pass to a container. You can specify up to  ten  environ-
                     ment  files.  The  file  must have a .env file extension.
                     Each line in an environment file should contain an  envi-
                     ronment  variable  in VARIABLE=VALUE format. Lines begin-
                     ning with # are treated as comments and are ignored.  For
                     more information about the environment variable file syn-
                     tax, see Declare default environment variables in file .

                     If there are environment variables  specified  using  the
                     environment  parameter  in  a  container definition, they
                     take precedence over the variables  contained  within  an
                     environment file. If multiple environment files are spec-
                     ified that contain the same variable,  they're  processed
                     from the top down. We recommend that you use unique vari-
                     able names. For more information, see Specifying environ-
                     ment  variables  in  the Amazon Elastic Container Service
                     Developer Guide .

                     This parameter is only supported for tasks hosted on Far-
                     gate using the following platform versions:

                     o Linux platform version 1.4.0 or later.

                     o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                     value -> (string)
                        The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon S3 object
                        containing the environment variable file.

                     type -> (string)
                        The file type to use. The only supported value is s3 .

              mountPoints -> (list)
                 The mount points for data volumes in your container.

                 This parameter maps to Volumes in the Create a container sec-
                 tion  of  the  Docker  Remote  API and the --volume option to
                 docker run .

                 Windows containers can mount whole directories  on  the  same
                 drive  as  $env:ProgramData  . Windows containers can't mount
                 directories on a different drive, and mount  point  can't  be
                 across drives.

                 (structure)
                     Details  for  a  volume mount point that's used in a con-
                     tainer definition.

                     sourceVolume -> (string)
                        The name of the volume to mount. Must be a volume name
                        referenced  in  the  name parameter of task definition
                        volume .

                     containerPath -> (string)
                        The path on the container to mount the host volume at.

                     readOnly -> (boolean)
                        If this value is true , the  container  has  read-only
                        access  to  the  volume. If this value is false , then
                        the container can write to  the  volume.  The  default
                        value is false .

              volumesFrom -> (list)
                 Data  volumes to mount from another container. This parameter
                 maps to VolumesFrom in the Create a container section of  the
                 Docker Remote API and the --volumes-from option to docker run
                 .

                 (structure)
                     Details on a data volume from another  container  in  the
                     same task definition.

                     sourceContainer -> (string)
                        The  name  of  another  container within the same task
                        definition to mount volumes from.

                     readOnly -> (boolean)
                        If this value is true , the  container  has  read-only
                        access  to  the  volume. If this value is false , then
                        the container can write to  the  volume.  The  default
                        value is false .

              linuxParameters -> (structure)
                 Linux-specific  modifications  that  are  applied to the con-
                 tainer, such as Linux kernel capabilities. For more  informa-
                 tion see  KernelCapabilities .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

                 capabilities -> (structure)
                     The  Linux  capabilities for the container that are added
                     to or dropped from the default configuration provided  by
                     Docker.

                     NOTE:
                        For  tasks that use the Fargate launch type, capabili-
                        ties is supported for all platform  versions  but  the
                        add parameter is only supported if using platform ver-
                        sion 1.4.0 or later.

                     add -> (list)
                        The Linux capabilities for  the  container  that  have
                        been  added  to  the default configuration provided by
                        Docker. This parameter maps to CapAdd in the Create  a
                        container  section  of  the  Docker Remote API and the
                        --cap-add option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            Tasks launched on Fargate only support adding  the
                            SYS_PTRACE kernel capability.

                        Valid  values: "ALL" | "AUDIT_CONTROL" | "AUDIT_WRITE"
                        |  "BLOCK_SUSPEND"  |  "CHOWN"  |   "DAC_OVERRIDE"   |
                        "DAC_READ_SEARCH" | "FOWNER" | "FSETID" | "IPC_LOCK" |
                        "IPC_OWNER" | "KILL" | "LEASE" |  "LINUX_IMMUTABLE"  |
                        "MAC_ADMIN" | "MAC_OVERRIDE" | "MKNOD" | "NET_ADMIN" |
                        "NET_BIND_SERVICE" |  "NET_BROADCAST"  |  "NET_RAW"  |
                        "SETFCAP" | "SETGID" | "SETPCAP" | "SETUID" | "SYS_AD-
                        MIN" | "SYS_BOOT"  |  "SYS_CHROOT"  |  "SYS_MODULE"  |
                        "SYS_NICE"  | "SYS_PACCT" | "SYS_PTRACE" | "SYS_RAWIO"
                        | "SYS_RESOURCE" |  "SYS_TIME"  |  "SYS_TTY_CONFIG"  |
                        "SYSLOG" | "WAKE_ALARM"

                        (string)

                     drop -> (list)
                        The  Linux  capabilities  for  the container that have
                        been removed from the default  configuration  provided
                        by  Docker.  This  parameter  maps  to  CapDrop in the
                        Create a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API
                        and the --cap-drop option to docker run .

                        Valid  values: "ALL" | "AUDIT_CONTROL" | "AUDIT_WRITE"
                        |  "BLOCK_SUSPEND"  |  "CHOWN"  |   "DAC_OVERRIDE"   |
                        "DAC_READ_SEARCH" | "FOWNER" | "FSETID" | "IPC_LOCK" |
                        "IPC_OWNER" | "KILL" | "LEASE" |  "LINUX_IMMUTABLE"  |
                        "MAC_ADMIN" | "MAC_OVERRIDE" | "MKNOD" | "NET_ADMIN" |
                        "NET_BIND_SERVICE" |  "NET_BROADCAST"  |  "NET_RAW"  |
                        "SETFCAP" | "SETGID" | "SETPCAP" | "SETUID" | "SYS_AD-
                        MIN" | "SYS_BOOT"  |  "SYS_CHROOT"  |  "SYS_MODULE"  |
                        "SYS_NICE"  | "SYS_PACCT" | "SYS_PTRACE" | "SYS_RAWIO"
                        | "SYS_RESOURCE" |  "SYS_TIME"  |  "SYS_TTY_CONFIG"  |
                        "SYSLOG" | "WAKE_ALARM"

                        (string)

                 devices -> (list)
                     Any host devices to expose to the container. This parame-
                     ter maps to Devices in the Create a container section  of
                     the  Docker  Remote API and the --device option to docker
                     run .

                     NOTE:
                        If you're using tasks  that  use  the  Fargate  launch
                        type, the devices parameter isn't supported.

                     (structure)
                        An  object  representing a container instance host de-
                        vice.

                        hostPath -> (string)
                            The path for the device on the host container  in-
                            stance.

                        containerPath -> (string)
                            The  path  inside the container at which to expose
                            the host device.

                        permissions -> (list)
                            The explicit permissions to provide  to  the  con-
                            tainer  for  the device. By default, the container
                            has permissions for read , write , and  mknod  for
                            the device.

                            (string)

                 initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                     Run  an  init  process inside the container that forwards
                     signals and reaps processes. This parameter maps  to  the
                     --init  option  to  docker  run . This parameter requires
                     version 1.25 of the Docker Remote API or greater on  your
                     container  instance.  To check the Docker Remote API ver-
                     sion on your container instance, log in to your container
                     instance  and run the following command: sudo docker ver-
                     sion --format '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                 sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                     The value for the size (in MiB) of the  /dev/shm  volume.
                     This  parameter  maps  to the --shm-size option to docker
                     run .

                     NOTE:
                        If you are using tasks that  use  the  Fargate  launch
                        type, the sharedMemorySize parameter is not supported.

                 tmpfs -> (list)
                     The  container  path, mount options, and size (in MiB) of
                     the tmpfs mount. This parameter maps to the  --tmpfs  op-
                     tion to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        If  you're  using  tasks  that  use the Fargate launch
                        type, the tmpfs parameter isn't supported.

                     (structure)
                        The container path, mount options,  and  size  of  the
                        tmpfs mount.

                        containerPath -> (string)
                            The  absolute  file path where the tmpfs volume is
                            to be mounted.

                        size -> (integer)
                            The maximum size (in MiB) of the tmpfs volume.

                        mountOptions -> (list)
                            The list of tmpfs volume mount options.

                            Valid values: "defaults" | "ro" | "rw" | "suid"  |
                            "nosuid"  |  "dev" | "nodev" | "exec" | "noexec" |
                            "sync" | "async" | "dirsync" | "remount" |  "mand"
                            |  "nomand"  |  "atime" | "noatime" | "diratime" |
                            "nodiratime" | "bind" | "rbind" |  "unbindable"  |
                            "runbindable"  | "private" | "rprivate" | "shared"
                            | "rshared" | "slave" | "rslave"  |  "relatime"  |
                            "norelatime"  |  "strictatime" | "nostrictatime" |
                            "mode" | "uid" | "gid" | "nr_inodes" | "nr_blocks"
                            | "mpol"

                            (string)

                 maxSwap -> (integer)
                     The  total amount of swap memory (in MiB) a container can
                     use. This parameter will  be  translated  to  the  --mem-
                     ory-swap  option  to  docker run where the value would be
                     the sum of the container memory plus the maxSwap value.

                     If a maxSwap value of 0 is specified, the container  will
                     not use swap. Accepted values are 0 or any positive inte-
                     ger. If the maxSwap parameter is omitted,  the  container
                     will  use  the  swap  configuration for the container in-
                     stance it is running on. A maxSwap value must be set  for
                     the swappiness parameter to be used.

                     NOTE:
                        If  you're  using  tasks  that  use the Fargate launch
                        type, the maxSwap parameter isn't supported.

                 swappiness -> (integer)
                     This allows you to tune a container's  memory  swappiness
                     behavior.  A swappiness value of 0 will cause swapping to
                     not happen  unless  absolutely  necessary.  A  swappiness
                     value  of 100 will cause pages to be swapped very aggres-
                     sively. Accepted values are whole numbers between  0  and
                     100 . If the swappiness parameter is not specified, a de-
                     fault value of 60 is used. If a value  is  not  specified
                     for  maxSwap then this parameter is ignored. This parame-
                     ter maps to the --memory-swappiness option to docker  run
                     .

                     NOTE:
                        If  you're  using  tasks  that  use the Fargate launch
                        type, the swappiness parameter isn't supported.

              secrets -> (list)
                 The secrets to pass to the container. For  more  information,
                 see Specifying Sensitive Data in the Amazon Elastic Container
                 Service Developer Guide .

                 (structure)
                     An object representing the secret to expose to your  con-
                     tainer. Secrets can be exposed to a container in the fol-
                     lowing ways:

                     o To inject sensitive data into your containers as  envi-
                       ronment variables, use the secrets container definition
                       parameter.

                     o To reference sensitive information in the log  configu-
                       ration  of a container, use the secretOptions container
                       definition parameter.

                     For more information, see Specifying  Sensitive  Data  in
                     the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the secret.

                     valueFrom -> (string)
                        The  secret  to expose to the container. The supported
                        values are either the full ARN of the Secrets  Manager
                        secret or the full ARN of the parameter in the SSM Pa-
                        rameter Store.

                        NOTE:
                            If the SSM Parameter Store parameter exists in the
                            same Region as the task you're launching, then you
                            can use either the full ARN or name of the parame-
                            ter.  If  the  parameter exists in a different Re-
                            gion, then the full ARN must be specified.

              dependsOn -> (list)
                 The dependencies defined for container startup and  shutdown.
                 A  container can contain multiple dependencies. When a depen-
                 dency is defined for container startup, for  container  shut-
                 down it is reversed.

                 For  tasks using the EC2 launch type, the container instances
                 require at least version 1.26.0 of the container agent to en-
                 able  container dependencies. However, we recommend using the
                 latest container agent version. For information about  check-
                 ing  your  agent  version and updating to the latest version,
                 see Updating the Amazon ECS Container  Agent  in  the  Amazon
                 Elastic  Container  Service Developer Guide . If you're using
                 an Amazon ECS-optimized Linux AMI,  your  instance  needs  at
                 least  version 1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init package. If your con-
                 tainer instances are launched from version 20190301 or later,
                 then  they  contain  the  required  versions of the container
                 agent and ecs-init . For more information, see Amazon ECS-op-
                 timized Linux AMI in the Amazon Elastic Container Service De-
                 veloper Guide .

                 For tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or  service
                 requires the following platforms:

                 o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                 o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                 (structure)
                     The  dependencies defined for container startup and shut-
                     down. A container can contain multiple dependencies. When
                     a  dependency  is defined for container startup, for con-
                     tainer shutdown it is reversed.

                     Your Amazon ECS container instances require at least ver-
                     sion  1.26.0  of  the container agent to enable container
                     dependencies. However, we recommend using the latest con-
                     tainer agent version. For information about checking your
                     agent version and updating to  the  latest  version,  see
                     Updating  the  Amazon  ECS  Container Agent in the Amazon
                     Elastic Container Service Developer Guide . If you're us-
                     ing  an  Amazon  ECS-optimized  Linux  AMI, your instance
                     needs at least version 1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init  package.
                     If  your  container  instances  are launched from version
                     20190301 or later, then they contain  the  required  ver-
                     sions  of the container agent and ecs-init . For more in-
                     formation, see Amazon ECS-optimized Linux AMI in the Ama-
                     zon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     NOTE:
                        For  tasks  that use the Fargate launch type, the task
                        or service requires the following platforms:

                        o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                        o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                     containerName -> (string)
                        The name of a container.

                     condition -> (string)
                        The dependency condition of the container. The follow-
                        ing are the available conditions and their behavior:

                        o START  -  This  condition  emulates  the behavior of
                          links and volumes today. It validates that a  depen-
                          dent  container  is  started before permitting other
                          containers to start.

                        o COMPLETE - This condition validates that a dependent
                          container  runs to completion (exits) before permit-
                          ting other containers to start. This can  be  useful
                          for  nonessential  containers  that run a script and
                          then exit. This condition can't be set on an  essen-
                          tial container.

                        o SUCCESS  -  This condition is the same as COMPLETE ,
                          but it also requires that the container exits with a
                          zero  status.  This condition can't be set on an es-
                          sential container.

                        o HEALTHY - This condition validates that  the  depen-
                          dent container passes its Docker health check before
                          permitting other containers to start. This  requires
                          that  the dependent container has health checks con-
                          figured. This condition is confirmed  only  at  task
                          startup.

              startTimeout -> (integer)
                 Time  duration  (in  seconds) to wait before giving up on re-
                 solving dependencies for a container. For example, you  spec-
                 ify  two containers in a task definition with containerA hav-
                 ing a dependency on containerB reaching a COMPLETE ,  SUCCESS
                 , or HEALTHY status. If a startTimeout value is specified for
                 containerB and it doesn't reach  the  desired  status  within
                 that  time  then  containerA gives up and not start. This re-
                 sults in the task transitioning to a STOPPED state.

                 NOTE:
                     When the ECS_CONTAINER_START_TIMEOUT container agent con-
                     figuration  variable is used, it's enforced independently
                     from this start timeout value.

                 For tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or  service
                 requires the following platforms:

                 o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                 o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                 For tasks using the EC2 launch type, your container instances
                 require at least version 1.26.0 of the container agent to en-
                 able  a  container start timeout value. However, we recommend
                 using the latest container  agent  version.  For  information
                 about  checking your agent version and updating to the latest
                 version, see Updating the Amazon ECS Container Agent  in  the
                 Amazon  Elastic Container Service Developer Guide . If you're
                 using an Amazon ECS-optimized Linux AMI, your instance  needs
                 at  least  version  1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init package. If your
                 container instances are launched  from  version  20190301  or
                 later,  then  they  contain the required versions of the con-
                 tainer agent and ecs-init . For more information, see  Amazon
                 ECS-optimized  Linux AMI in the Amazon Elastic Container Ser-
                 vice Developer Guide .

              stopTimeout -> (integer)
                 Time duration (in seconds) to wait before  the  container  is
                 forcefully killed if it doesn't exit normally on its own.

                 For  tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or service
                 requires the following platforms:

                 o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                 o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                 The max stop timeout value is 120 seconds and if the  parame-
                 ter  is  not  specified,  the  default value of 30 seconds is
                 used.

                 For tasks that use the EC2 launch type,  if  the  stopTimeout
                 parameter  isn't  specified, the value set for the Amazon ECS
                 container    agent    configuration     variable     ECS_CON-
                 TAINER_STOP_TIMEOUT  is  used. If neither the stopTimeout pa-
                 rameter or the ECS_CONTAINER_STOP_TIMEOUT agent configuration
                 variable  are  set, then the default values of 30 seconds for
                 Linux containers and 30 seconds  on  Windows  containers  are
                 used.  Your  container  instances  require  at  least version
                 1.26.0 of the container agent  to  enable  a  container  stop
                 timeout  value.  However,  we recommend using the latest con-
                 tainer agent version. For  information  about  checking  your
                 agent  version  and  updating  to  the  latest  version,  see
                 Updating the Amazon ECS Container Agent in the Amazon Elastic
                 Container Service Developer Guide . If you're using an Amazon
                 ECS-optimized Linux AMI, your instance needs at least version
                 1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init package. If your container instances
                 are launched from version 20190301 or later, then  they  con-
                 tain  the  required  versions  of  the  container  agent  and
                 ecs-init . For more  information,  see  Amazon  ECS-optimized
                 Linux  AMI  in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer
                 Guide .

              hostname -> (string)
                 The hostname to use for your container. This  parameter  maps
                 to  Hostname  in the Create a container section of the Docker
                 Remote API and the --hostname option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     The hostname parameter is not supported if  you're  using
                     the awsvpc network mode.

              user -> (string)
                 The  user to use inside the container. This parameter maps to
                 User in the Create a container section of the  Docker  Remote
                 API and the --user option to docker run .

                 WARNING:
                     When running tasks using the host network mode, don't run
                     containers using the root user (UID 0). We recommend  us-
                     ing a non-root user for better security.

                 You  can  specify  the  user  using the following formats. If
                 specifying a UID or GID, you must specify it  as  a  positive
                 integer.

                 o user

                 o user:group

                 o uid

                 o uid:gid

                 o user:gid

                 o uid:group

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

              workingDirectory -> (string)
                 The  working  directory  to run commands inside the container
                 in. This parameter maps to WorkingDir in the  Create  a  con-
                 tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the --workdir op-
                 tion to docker run .

              disableNetworking -> (boolean)
                 When this parameter is true, networking  is  disabled  within
                 the  container. This parameter maps to NetworkDisabled in the
                 Create a container section of the Docker Remote API .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

              privileged -> (boolean)
                 When this parameter is true, the container is given  elevated
                 privileges  on  the  host  container instance (similar to the
                 root user). This parameter maps to Privileged in the Create a
                 container  section  of the Docker Remote API and the --privi-
                 leged option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers or
                     tasks run on Fargate.

              readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                 When this parameter is true, the container is given read-only
                 access to its root file system. This parameter maps to  Read-
                 onlyRootfs  in  the  Create a container section of the Docker
                 Remote API and the --read-only option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

              dnsServers -> (list)
                 A list of DNS servers that are presented  to  the  container.
                 This  parameter maps to Dns in the Create a container section
                 of the Docker Remote API and the --dns option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

                 (string)

              dnsSearchDomains -> (list)
                 A list of DNS search domains that are presented to  the  con-
                 tainer. This parameter maps to DnsSearch in the Create a con-
                 tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the  --dns-search
                 option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

                 (string)

              extraHosts -> (list)
                 A  list of hostnames and IP address mappings to append to the
                 /etc/hosts file on the container. This parameter maps to  Ex-
                 traHosts  in the Create a container section of the Docker Re-
                 mote API and the --add-host option to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter isn't supported for Windows containers  or
                     tasks that use the awsvpc network mode.

                 (structure)
                     Hostnames  and  IP  address entries that are added to the
                     /etc/hosts file of a container via the extraHosts parame-
                     ter of its  ContainerDefinition .

                     hostname -> (string)
                        The hostname to use in the /etc/hosts entry.

                     ipAddress -> (string)
                        The IP address to use in the /etc/hosts entry.

              dockerSecurityOptions -> (list)
                 A  list  of  strings to provide custom labels for SELinux and
                 AppArmor multi-level security systems. This field isn't valid
                 for containers in tasks using the Fargate launch type.

                 With Windows containers, this parameter can be used to refer-
                 ence a credential spec file when configuring a container  for
                 Active  Directory  authentication.  For more information, see
                 Using gMSAs for Windows Containers in the Amazon Elastic Con-
                 tainer Service Developer Guide .

                 This  parameter maps to SecurityOpt in the Create a container
                 section of the Docker Remote API and the  --security-opt  op-
                 tion to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     The Amazon ECS container agent running on a container in-
                     stance must register with the ECS_SELINUX_CAPABLE=true or
                     ECS_APPARMOR_CAPABLE=true  environment  variables  before
                     containers placed on that instance can use these security
                     options.  For  more information, see Amazon ECS Container
                     Agent Configuration in the Amazon Elastic Container  Ser-
                     vice Developer Guide .

                 For more information about valid values, see Docker Run Secu-
                 rity Configuration .

                 Valid values: "no-new-privileges" | "apparmor:PROFILE" | "la-
                 bel:value" | "credentialspec:CredentialSpecFilePath"

                 (string)

              interactive -> (boolean)
                 When  this  parameter  is true , you can deploy containerized
                 applications that require stdin or a  tty  to  be  allocated.
                 This  parameter  maps  to OpenStdin in the Create a container
                 section of the Docker Remote API and the --interactive option
                 to docker run .

              pseudoTerminal -> (boolean)
                 When this parameter is true , a TTY is allocated. This param-
                 eter maps to Tty in the Create a  container  section  of  the
                 Docker Remote API and the --tty option to docker run .

              dockerLabels -> (map)
                 A  key/value  map of labels to add to the container. This pa-
                 rameter maps to Labels in the Create a container  section  of
                 the  Docker Remote API and the --label option to docker run .
                 This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote API
                 or  greater  on  your container instance. To check the Docker
                 Remote API version on your container instance, log in to your
                 container instance and run the following command: sudo docker
                 version --format '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              ulimits -> (list)
                 A list of ulimits to set in the container. If a ulimit  value
                 is  specified  in a task definition, it overrides the default
                 values set by Docker. This parameter maps to Ulimits  in  the
                 Create  a  container section of the Docker Remote API and the
                 --ulimit option to docker run . Valid naming values are  dis-
                 played in the  Ulimit data type.

                 Amazon  ECS  tasks hosted on Fargate use the default resource
                 limit values set by the operating system with  the  exception
                 of  the  nofile  resource limit parameter which Fargate over-
                 rides. The nofile resource limit sets a  restriction  on  the
                 number  of  open  files that a container can use. The default
                 nofile soft limit is 1024 and hard limit is 4096 .

                 This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote API
                 or  greater  on  your container instance. To check the Docker
                 Remote API version on your container instance, log in to your
                 container instance and run the following command: sudo docker
                 version --format '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                 NOTE:
                     This parameter is not supported for Windows containers.

                 (structure)
                     The ulimit settings to pass to the container.

                     Amazon ECS tasks hosted on Fargate use  the  default  re-
                     source  limit values set by the operating system with the
                     exception of the nofile resource  limit  parameter  which
                     Fargate  overrides.  The nofile resource limit sets a re-
                     striction on the number of open files  that  a  container
                     can  use.  The default nofile soft limit is 1024 and hard
                     limit is 4096 .

                     name -> (string)
                        The type of the ulimit .

                     softLimit -> (integer)
                        The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                     hardLimit -> (integer)
                        The hard limit for the ulimit type.

              logConfiguration -> (structure)
                 The log configuration specification for the container.

                 This parameter maps to LogConfig in the  Create  a  container
                 section  of the Docker Remote API and the --log-driver option
                 to docker run . By default, containers use the  same  logging
                 driver that the Docker daemon uses. However the container can
                 use a different logging driver  than  the  Docker  daemon  by
                 specifying  a log driver with this parameter in the container
                 definition. To use a different  logging  driver  for  a  con-
                 tainer,  the  log  system  must be configured properly on the
                 container instance (or on a different log server  for  remote
                 logging  options). For more information about the options for
                 different supported log drivers, see Configure logging  driv-
                 ers in the Docker documentation.

                 NOTE:
                     Amazon  ECS  currently  supports  a subset of the logging
                     drivers available to the  Docker  daemon  (shown  in  the
                     LogConfiguration  data  type). Additional log drivers may
                     be available in future releases of the  Amazon  ECS  con-
                     tainer agent.

                 This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote API
                 or greater on your container instance. To  check  the  Docker
                 Remote API version on your container instance, log in to your
                 container instance and run the following command: sudo docker
                 version --format '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                 NOTE:
                     The Amazon ECS container agent running on a container in-
                     stance must register the  logging  drivers  available  on
                     that  instance with the ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIVERS en-
                     vironment variable before containers placed on  that  in-
                     stance  can use these log configuration options. For more
                     information, see Amazon ECS Container Agent Configuration
                     in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 logDriver -> (string)
                     The log driver to use for the container.

                     For  tasks  on  Fargate,  the  supported  log drivers are
                     awslogs , splunk , and awsfirelens .

                     For tasks hosted on Amazon EC2 instances,  the  supported
                     log  drivers  are  awslogs , fluentd , gelf , json-file ,
                     journald , logentries ,``syslog`` , splunk , and awsfire-
                     lens .

                     For  more information about using the awslogs log driver,
                     see Using the awslogs log driver in  the  Amazon  Elastic
                     Container Service Developer Guide .

                     For  more  information  about  using  the awsfirelens log
                     driver, see Custom log routing in the Amazon Elastic Con-
                     tainer Service Developer Guide .

                     NOTE:
                        If you have a custom driver that isn't listed, you can
                        fork the Amazon ECS  container  agent  project  that's
                        available on GitHub and customize it to work with that
                        driver. We encourage you to submit pull  requests  for
                        changes that you would like to have included. However,
                        we don't currently provide support for  running  modi-
                        fied copies of this software.

                 options -> (map)
                     The configuration options to send to the log driver. This
                     parameter requires version 1.19 of the Docker Remote  API
                     or  greater  on  your  container  instance.  To check the
                     Docker Remote API version on your container instance, log
                     in  to your container instance and run the following com-
                     mand: sudo  docker  version  --format  '{{.Server.APIVer-
                     sion}}'

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

                 secretOptions -> (list)
                     The  secrets  to  pass to the log configuration. For more
                     information, see Specifying Sensitive Data in the  Amazon
                     Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     (structure)
                        An  object  representing  the secret to expose to your
                        container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  container  in
                        the following ways:

                        o To inject sensitive data into your containers as en-
                          vironment variables, use the secrets container defi-
                          nition parameter.

                        o To  reference  sensitive information in the log con-
                          figuration of a  container,  use  the  secretOptions
                          container definition parameter.

                        For more information, see Specifying Sensitive Data in
                        the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the secret.

                        valueFrom -> (string)
                            The secret to expose to the  container.  The  sup-
                            ported  values  are either the full ARN of the Se-
                            crets Manager secret or the full ARN of the param-
                            eter in the SSM Parameter Store.

                            NOTE:
                               If  the SSM Parameter Store parameter exists in
                               the same Region as the task  you're  launching,
                               then you can use either the full ARN or name of
                               the parameter. If the  parameter  exists  in  a
                               different  Region,  then  the  full ARN must be
                               specified.

              healthCheck -> (structure)
                 The container health check command and associated  configura-
                 tion  parameters  for  the  container. This parameter maps to
                 HealthCheck in the Create a container section of  the  Docker
                 Remote API and the HEALTHCHECK parameter of docker run .

                 command -> (list)
                     A  string  array  representing  the command that the con-
                     tainer runs to determine if it is healthy. The string ar-
                     ray  must start with CMD to execute the command arguments
                     directly, or CMD-SHELL to run the command with  the  con-
                     tainer's default shell.

                     When  you  use the Amazon Web Services Management Console
                     JSON panel, the Command Line Interface, or the APIs,  en-
                     close the list of commands in brackets.
                        [ "CMD-SHELL", "curl -f http://localhost/ || exit 1" ]

                     You  don't  need to include the brackets when you use the
                     Amazon Web Services Management Console.
                        "CMD-SHELL", "curl -f http://localhost/ || exit 1"

                     An exit code of 0 indicates success,  and  non-zero  exit
                     code   indicates   failure.  For  more  information,  see
                     HealthCheck in the Create  a  container  section  of  the
                     Docker Remote API .

                     (string)

                 interval -> (integer)
                     The time period in seconds between each health check exe-
                     cution. You may specify between 5 and  300  seconds.  The
                     default value is 30 seconds.

                 timeout -> (integer)
                     The  time period in seconds to wait for a health check to
                     succeed before it is considered a failure. You may  spec-
                     ify between 2 and 60 seconds. The default value is 5.

                 retries -> (integer)
                     The number of times to retry a failed health check before
                     the container is considered unhealthy.  You  may  specify
                     between 1 and 10 retries. The default value is 3.

                 startPeriod -> (integer)
                     The  optional  grace period to provide containers time to
                     bootstrap before failed health checks count  towards  the
                     maximum  number of retries. You can specify between 0 and
                     300 seconds. By default, the startPeriod is disabled.

                     NOTE:
                        If a health check succeeds within  the  startPeriod  ,
                        then  the container is considered healthy and any sub-
                        sequent failures count toward the  maximum  number  of
                        retries.

              systemControls -> (list)
                 A  list  of  namespaced  kernel parameters to set in the con-
                 tainer. This parameter maps to Sysctls in the Create  a  con-
                 tainer  section of the Docker Remote API and the --sysctl op-
                 tion to docker run .

                 NOTE:
                     We don't recommended  that  you  specify  network-related
                     systemControls  parameters  for  multiple containers in a
                     single task that also uses either the awsvpc or host net-
                     work  modes.  For tasks that use the awsvpc network mode,
                     the container that's started last determines  which  sys-
                     temControls  parameters  take  effect. For tasks that use
                     the host network  mode,  it  changes  the  container  in-
                     stance's namespaced kernel parameters as well as the con-
                     tainers.

                 (structure)
                     A list of namespaced kernel parameters to set in the con-
                     tainer.  This  parameter  maps to Sysctls in the Create a
                     container section  of  the  Docker  Remote  API  and  the
                     --sysctl option to docker run .

                     We  don't recommend that you specify network-related sys-
                     temControls parameters for multiple containers in a  sin-
                     gle  task.  This task also uses either the awsvpc or host
                     network mode. It does it for the following reasons.

                     o For tasks that use the awsvpc network mode, if you  set
                       systemControls  for  any  container,  it applies to all
                       containers in the task. If you set different systemCon-
                       trols  for  multiple  containers  in a single task, the
                       container that's started last determines which  system-
                       Controls take effect.

                     o For  tasks  that use the host network mode, the system-
                       Controls parameter applies to the container  instance's
                       kernel  parameter  and  that  of  all containers of any
                       tasks running on that container instance.

                     namespace -> (string)
                        The namespaced kernel parameter to set a value for.

                     value -> (string)
                        The value for the namespaced kernel  parameter  that's
                        specified in namespace .

              resourceRequirements -> (list)
                 The  type  and amount of a resource to assign to a container.
                 The only supported resource is a GPU.

                 (structure)
                     The type and amount of a resource to  assign  to  a  con-
                     tainer. The supported resource types are GPUs and Elastic
                     Inference accelerators. For more information, see Working
                     with  GPUs  on  Amazon ECS or Working with Amazon Elastic
                     Inference on Amazon ECS in the Amazon  Elastic  Container
                     Service Developer Guide

                     value -> (string)
                        The value for the specified resource type.

                        If  the  GPU  type is used, the value is the number of
                        physical GPUs the Amazon ECS container agent  reserves
                        for  the container. The number of GPUs that's reserved
                        for all containers in a task can't exceed  the  number
                        of  available  GPUs on the container instance that the
                        task is launched on.

                        If the InferenceAccelerator type is  used,  the  value
                        matches  the  deviceName  for an  InferenceAccelerator
                        specified in a task definition.

                     type -> (string)
                        The type of resource to assign  to  a  container.  The
                        supported values are GPU or InferenceAccelerator .

              firelensConfiguration -> (structure)
                 The FireLens configuration for the container. This is used to
                 specify and configure a log router for  container  logs.  For
                 more  information, see Custom Log Routing in the Amazon Elas-
                 tic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 type -> (string)
                     The log router to use. The valid values  are  fluentd  or
                     fluentbit .

                 options -> (map)
                     The  options to use when configuring the log router. This
                     field is optional and can be used  to  specify  a  custom
                     configuration file or to add additional metadata, such as
                     the task, task definition,  cluster,  and  container  in-
                     stance details to the log event. If specified, the syntax
                     to      use      is      "options":{"enable-ecs-log-meta-
                     data":"true|false","config-file-type:"s3|file","con-
                     fig-file-value":"arn:aws:s3:::mybucket/flu-
                     ent.conf|filepath"}  . For more information, see Creating
                     a Task Definition that Uses a FireLens  Configuration  in
                     the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     NOTE:
                        Tasks hosted on Fargate only support the file configu-
                        ration file type.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "name": "string",
              "image": "string",
              "repositoryCredentials": {
                "credentialsParameter": "string"
              },
              "cpu": integer,
              "memory": integer,
              "memoryReservation": integer,
              "links": ["string", ...],
              "portMappings": [
                {
                  "containerPort": integer,
                  "hostPort": integer,
                  "protocol": "tcp"|"udp"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "essential": true|false,
              "entryPoint": ["string", ...],
              "command": ["string", ...],
              "environment": [
                {
                  "name": "string",
                  "value": "string"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "environmentFiles": [
                {
                  "value": "string",
                  "type": "s3"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "mountPoints": [
                {
                  "sourceVolume": "string",
                  "containerPath": "string",
                  "readOnly": true|false
                }
                ...
              ],
              "volumesFrom": [
                {
                  "sourceContainer": "string",
                  "readOnly": true|false
                }
                ...
              ],
              "linuxParameters": {
                "capabilities": {
                  "add": ["string", ...],
                  "drop": ["string", ...]
                },
                "devices": [
                  {
                    "hostPath": "string",
                    "containerPath": "string",
                    "permissions": ["read"|"write"|"mknod", ...]
                  }
                  ...
                ],
                "initProcessEnabled": true|false,
                "sharedMemorySize": integer,
                "tmpfs": [
                  {
                    "containerPath": "string",
                    "size": integer,
                    "mountOptions": ["string", ...]
                  }
                  ...
                ],
                "maxSwap": integer,
                "swappiness": integer
              },
              "secrets": [
                {
                  "name": "string",
                  "valueFrom": "string"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "dependsOn": [
                {
                  "containerName": "string",
                  "condition": "START"|"COMPLETE"|"SUCCESS"|"HEALTHY"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "startTimeout": integer,
              "stopTimeout": integer,
              "hostname": "string",
              "user": "string",
              "workingDirectory": "string",
              "disableNetworking": true|false,
              "privileged": true|false,
              "readonlyRootFilesystem": true|false,
              "dnsServers": ["string", ...],
              "dnsSearchDomains": ["string", ...],
              "extraHosts": [
                {
                  "hostname": "string",
                  "ipAddress": "string"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "dockerSecurityOptions": ["string", ...],
              "interactive": true|false,
              "pseudoTerminal": true|false,
              "dockerLabels": {"string": "string"
                ...},
              "ulimits": [
                {
                  "name": "core"|"cpu"|"data"|"fsize"|"locks"|"memlock"|"msgqueue"|"nice"|"nofile"|"nproc"|"rss"|"rtprio"|"rttime"|"sigpending"|"stack",
                  "softLimit": integer,
                  "hardLimit": integer
                }
                ...
              ],
              "logConfiguration": {
                "logDriver": "json-file"|"syslog"|"journald"|"gelf"|"fluentd"|"awslogs"|"splunk"|"awsfirelens",
                "options": {"string": "string"
                  ...},
                "secretOptions": [
                  {
                    "name": "string",
                    "valueFrom": "string"
                  }
                  ...
                ]
              },
              "healthCheck": {
                "command": ["string", ...],
                "interval": integer,
                "timeout": integer,
                "retries": integer,
                "startPeriod": integer
              },
              "systemControls": [
                {
                  "namespace": "string",
                  "value": "string"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "resourceRequirements": [
                {
                  "value": "string",
                  "type": "GPU"|"InferenceAccelerator"
                }
                ...
              ],
              "firelensConfiguration": {
                "type": "fluentd"|"fluentbit",
                "options": {"string": "string"
                  ...}
              }
            }
            ...
          ]

       --volumes (list)
          A list of volume definitions in JSON format that containers in  your
          task might use.

          (structure)
              A  data  volume that's used in a task definition. For tasks that
              use the Amazon Elastic File  System  (Amazon  EFS),  specify  an
              efsVolumeConfiguration  .  For Windows tasks that use Amazon FSx
              for Windows File Server file system, specify  a  fsxWindowsFile-
              ServerVolumeConfiguration  . For tasks that use a Docker volume,
              specify a DockerVolumeConfiguration . For tasks that use a  bind
              mount  host volume, specify a host and optional sourcePath . For
              more information, see Using Data Volumes in Tasks .

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the volume. Up to 255 letters (uppercase and low-
                 ercase),  numbers, underscores, and hyphens are allowed. This
                 name is referenced in the sourceVolume parameter of container
                 definition mountPoints .

              host -> (structure)
                 This parameter is specified when you use bind mount host vol-
                 umes. The contents of the host  parameter  determine  whether
                 your  bind  mount  host volume persists on the host container
                 instance and where it's stored.  If  the  host  parameter  is
                 empty,  then  the  Docker daemon assigns a host path for your
                 data volume. However, the data isn't  guaranteed  to  persist
                 after  the  containers  that are associated with it stop run-
                 ning.

                 Windows containers can mount whole directories  on  the  same
                 drive  as  $env:ProgramData  . Windows containers can't mount
                 directories on a different drive, and mount  point  can't  be
                 across     drives.     For    example,    you    can    mount
                 C:\my\path:C:\my\path    and    D:\:D:\     ,     but     not
                 D:\my\path:C:\my\path or D:\:C:\my\path .

                 sourcePath -> (string)
                     When  the host parameter is used, specify a sourcePath to
                     declare the path on the host  container  instance  that's
                     presented  to  the container. If this parameter is empty,
                     then the Docker daemon has assigned a host path for  you.
                     If  the  host  parameter contains a sourcePath file loca-
                     tion, then the data volume persists at the specified  lo-
                     cation on the host container instance until you delete it
                     manually. If the sourcePath value doesn't  exist  on  the
                     host container instance, the Docker daemon creates it. If
                     the location does exist, the contents of the source  path
                     folder are exported.

                     If  you're  using the Fargate launch type, the sourcePath
                     parameter is not supported.

              dockerVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                 This parameter is specified when you use Docker volumes.

                 Windows containers only support the use of the local  driver.
                 To use bind mounts, specify the host parameter instead.

                 NOTE:
                     Docker volumes aren't supported by tasks run on Fargate.

                 scope -> (string)
                     The scope for the Docker volume that determines its life-
                     cycle. Docker volumes that are scoped to a task are auto-
                     matically  provisioned when the task starts and destroyed
                     when the task stops. Docker volumes that  are  scoped  as
                     shared persist after the task stops.

                 autoprovision -> (boolean)
                     If  this  value is true , the Docker volume is created if
                     it doesn't already exist.

                     NOTE:
                        This field is only used if the scope is shared .

                 driver -> (string)
                     The Docker volume driver to use. The  driver  value  must
                     match  the  driver  name provided by Docker because it is
                     used for task placement. If the driver was installed  us-
                     ing  the  Docker  plugin CLI, use docker plugin ls to re-
                     trieve the driver name from your container  instance.  If
                     the driver was installed using another method, use Docker
                     plugin discovery to retrieve the driver  name.  For  more
                     information, see Docker plugin discovery . This parameter
                     maps to Driver in the Create  a  volume  section  of  the
                     Docker  Remote API and the xxdriver option to docker vol-
                     ume create .

                 driverOpts -> (map)
                     A map of Docker driver-specific options  passed  through.
                     This  parameter maps to DriverOpts in the Create a volume
                     section of the Docker Remote API and the xxopt option  to
                     docker volume create .

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

                 labels -> (map)
                     Custom metadata to add to your Docker volume. This param-
                     eter maps to Labels in the Create a volume section of the
                     Docker Remote API and the xxlabel option to docker volume
                     create .

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

              efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                 This parameter is specified when you use  an  Amazon  Elastic
                 File System file system for task storage.

                 fileSystemId -> (string)
                     The Amazon EFS file system ID to use.

                 rootDirectory -> (string)
                     The  directory within the Amazon EFS file system to mount
                     as the root directory inside the host. If this  parameter
                     is  omitted,  the  root  of the Amazon EFS volume will be
                     used. Specifying / will have the same effect as  omitting
                     this parameter.

                     WARNING:
                        If  an EFS access point is specified in the authoriza-
                        tionConfig , the root directory parameter must  either
                        be omitted or set to / which will enforce the path set
                        on the EFS access point.

                 transitEncryption -> (string)
                     Determines whether to enable encryption  for  Amazon  EFS
                     data  in transit between the Amazon ECS host and the Ama-
                     zon EFS server. Transit encryption  must  be  enabled  if
                     Amazon  EFS  IAM authorization is used. If this parameter
                     is omitted, the default value of DISABLED  is  used.  For
                     more  information,  see Encrypting Data in Transit in the
                     Amazon Elastic File System User Guide .

                 transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                     The port to use when sending encrypted data  between  the
                     Amazon  ECS host and the Amazon EFS server. If you do not
                     specify a transit encryption port, it will use  the  port
                     selection strategy that the Amazon EFS mount helper uses.
                     For more information, see EFS Mount Helper in the  Amazon
                     Elastic File System User Guide .

                 authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                     The  authorization  configuration  details for the Amazon
                     EFS file system.

                     accessPointId -> (string)
                        The Amazon EFS access point ID to use.  If  an  access
                        point is specified, the root directory value specified
                        in the EFSVolumeConfiguration must either  be  omitted
                        or set to / which will enforce the path set on the EFS
                        access point. If an access point is used, transit  en-
                        cryption must be enabled in the EFSVolumeConfiguration
                        . For more information, see Working  with  Amazon  EFS
                        Access  Points  in the Amazon Elastic File System User
                        Guide .

                     iam -> (string)
                        Determines whether to use the Amazon ECS task IAM role
                        defined  in a task definition when mounting the Amazon
                        EFS file system. If enabled, transit  encryption  must
                        be enabled in the EFSVolumeConfiguration . If this pa-
                        rameter is omitted, the default value of  DISABLED  is
                        used.  For  more information, see Using Amazon EFS Ac-
                        cess Points in the Amazon  Elastic  Container  Service
                        Developer Guide .

              fsxWindowsFileServerVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                 This  parameter is specified when you use Amazon FSx for Win-
                 dows File Server file system for task storage.

                 fileSystemId -> (string)
                     The Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system ID  to
                     use.

                 rootDirectory -> (string)
                     The  directory  within  the  Amazon  FSx for Windows File
                     Server file system to mount as the root directory  inside
                     the host.

                 authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                     The  authorization  configuration  details for the Amazon
                     FSx for Windows File Server file system.

                     credentialsParameter -> (string)
                        The authorization credential option to use. The autho-
                        rization  credential options can be provided using ei-
                        ther the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Secrets Man-
                        ager secret or SSM Parameter Store parameter. The ARNs
                        refer to the stored credentials.

                     domain -> (string)
                        A fully qualified domain name hosted by  an  Directory
                        Service  Managed  Microsoft  AD  (Active Directory) or
                        self-hosted AD on Amazon EC2.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,host={sourcePath=string},dockerVolumeConfiguration={scope=string,autoprovision=boolean,driver=string,driverOpts={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string},labels={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string}},efsVolumeConfiguration={fileSystemId=string,rootDirectory=string,transitEncryption=string,transitEncryptionPort=integer,authorizationConfig={accessPointId=string,iam=string}},fsxWindowsFileServerVolumeConfiguration={fileSystemId=string,rootDirectory=string,authorizationConfig={credentialsParameter=string,domain=string}} ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "name": "string",
              "host": {
                "sourcePath": "string"
              },
              "dockerVolumeConfiguration": {
                "scope": "task"|"shared",
                "autoprovision": true|false,
                "driver": "string",
                "driverOpts": {"string": "string"
                  ...},
                "labels": {"string": "string"
                  ...}
              },
              "efsVolumeConfiguration": {
                "fileSystemId": "string",
                "rootDirectory": "string",
                "transitEncryption": "ENABLED"|"DISABLED",
                "transitEncryptionPort": integer,
                "authorizationConfig": {
                  "accessPointId": "string",
                  "iam": "ENABLED"|"DISABLED"
                }
              },
              "fsxWindowsFileServerVolumeConfiguration": {
                "fileSystemId": "string",
                "rootDirectory": "string",
                "authorizationConfig": {
                  "credentialsParameter": "string",
                  "domain": "string"
                }
              }
            }
            ...
          ]

       --placement-constraints (list)
          An array of placement constraint objects to use for  the  task.  You
          can  specify  a  maximum of 10 constraints for each task. This limit
          includes constraints in the task definition and those  specified  at
          runtime.

          (structure)
              An  object  representing  a  constraint on task placement in the
              task definition. For more information, see Task  placement  con-
              straints in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide
              .

              NOTE:
                 Task placement constraints aren't supported for tasks run  on
                 Fargate.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of constraint. The MemberOf constraint restricts se-
                 lection to be from a group of valid candidates.

              expression -> (string)
                 A cluster query language expression  to  apply  to  the  con-
                 straint.  For more information, see Cluster query language in
                 the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          type=string,expression=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "type": "memberOf",
              "expression": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --requires-compatibilities (list)
          The task launch type that Amazon ECS validates the  task  definition
          against.  A  client  exception  is  returned  if the task definition
          doesn't validate against the compatibilities specified. If no  value
          is specified, the parameter is omitted from the response.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            EC2
            FARGATE
            EXTERNAL

       --cpu (string)
          The  number of CPU units used by the task. It can be expressed as an
          integer using CPU units (for example, 1024 ) or as  a  string  using
          vCPUs  (for example, 1 vCPU or 1 vcpu ) in a task definition. String
          values are converted to an integer indicating the CPU units when the
          task definition is registered.

          NOTE:
              Task-level  CPU  and  memory  parameters are ignored for Windows
              containers. We recommend  specifying  container-level  resources
              for Windows containers.

          If  you're  using  the EC2 launch type, this field is optional. Sup-
          ported values are between 128 CPU units (0.125 vCPUs) and 10240  CPU
          units (10 vCPUs).

          If  you're using the Fargate launch type, this field is required and
          you must use one of the  following  values,  which  determines  your
          range of supported values for the memory parameter:

          The  CPU  units cannot be less than 1 vCPU when you use Windows con-
          tainers on Fargate.

          o 256 (.25 vCPU) - Available memory values: 512 (0.5  GB),  1024  (1
            GB), 2048 (2 GB)

          o 512 (.5 vCPU) - Available memory values: 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB),
            3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB)

          o 1024 (1 vCPU) - Available memory values: 2048 (2 GB), 3072 (3 GB),
            4096 (4 GB), 5120 (5 GB), 6144 (6 GB), 7168 (7 GB), 8192 (8 GB)

          o 2048  (2  vCPU) - Available memory values: Between 4096 (4 GB) and
            16384 (16 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)

          o 4096 (4 vCPU) - Available memory values: Between 8192 (8  GB)  and
            30720 (30 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)

       --memory (string)
          The  amount of memory (in MiB) used by the task. It can be expressed
          as an integer using MiB (for example ,``1024`` ) or as a string  us-
          ing GB (for example, 1GB or 1 GB ) in a task definition. String val-
          ues are converted to an integer indicating the  MiB  when  the  task
          definition is registered.

          NOTE:
              Task-level  CPU  and  memory  parameters are ignored for Windows
              containers. We recommend  specifying  container-level  resources
              for Windows containers.

          If using the EC2 launch type, this field is optional.

          If  using  the  Fargate  launch type, this field is required and you
          must use one of the following values. This determines your range  of
          supported values for the cpu parameter.

          The  CPU  units cannot be less than 1 vCPU when you use Windows con-
          tainers on Fargate.

          o 512 (0.5 GB), 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB) - Available cpu values: 256
            (.25 vCPU)

          o 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB), 3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB) - Available cpu
            values: 512 (.5 vCPU)

          o 2048 (2 GB), 3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB), 5120 (5 GB), 6144  (6  GB),
            7168 (7 GB), 8192 (8 GB) - Available cpu values: 1024 (1 vCPU)

          o Between 4096 (4 GB) and 16384 (16 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)
            - Available cpu values: 2048 (2 vCPU)

          o Between 8192 (8 GB) and 30720 (30 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)
            - Available cpu values: 4096 (4 vCPU)

       --tags (list)
          The metadata that you apply to the task definition to help you cate-
          gorize and organize them. Each tag consists of a key and an optional
          value. You define both of them.

          The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

          o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key
            can have only one value.

          o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o If your tagging schema is used across multiple  services  and  re-
            sources, remember that other services may have restrictions on al-
            lowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters,  num-
            bers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following charac-
            ters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

          o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination  of
            such  as  a prefix for either keys or values as it is reserved for
            Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or  delete  tag  keys  or
            values  with  this  prefix.  Tags  with  this  prefix do not count
            against your tags per resource limit.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and  organize  them.  Each tag consists of a key and an optional
              value. You define them.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for either keys or values  as  it  is  re-
                served  for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or delete
                tag keys or values with this prefix. Tags with this prefix  do
                not count against your tags per resource limit.

              key -> (string)
                 One  part  of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              value -> (string)
                 The  optional  part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --pid-mode (string)
          The process namespace to use for the containers  in  the  task.  The
          valid  values are host or task . If host is specified, then all con-
          tainers within the tasks that specified the host  PID  mode  on  the
          same  container  instance  share the same process namespace with the
          host Amazon EC2 instance.  If  task  is  specified,  all  containers
          within  the  specified  task share the same process namespace. If no
          value is specified, the default is a private namespace. For more in-
          formation, see PID settings in the Docker run reference .

          If  the  host  PID mode is used, be aware that there is a heightened
          risk of undesired process namespace expose.  For  more  information,
          see Docker security .

          NOTE:
              This  parameter is not supported for Windows containers or tasks
              run on Fargate.

          Possible values:

          o host

          o task

       --ipc-mode (string)
          The IPC resource namespace to use for the containers  in  the  task.
          The  valid  values are host , task , or none . If host is specified,
          then all containers within the tasks that  specified  the  host  IPC
          mode  on  the  same  container instance share the same IPC resources
          with the host Amazon EC2 instance. If task is  specified,  all  con-
          tainers  within  the specified task share the same IPC resources. If
          none is specified, then IPC resources within  the  containers  of  a
          task  are  private and not shared with other containers in a task or
          on the container instance. If no value is specified,  then  the  IPC
          resource  namespace  sharing depends on the Docker daemon setting on
          the container instance. For more information, see  IPC  settings  in
          the Docker run reference .

          If  the  host  IPC mode is used, be aware that there is a heightened
          risk of undesired IPC namespace expose. For  more  information,  see
          Docker security .

          If you are setting namespaced kernel parameters using systemControls
          for the containers in the task, the following will apply to your IPC
          resource namespace. For more information, see System Controls in the
          Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

          o For tasks that use the host IPC mode, IPC namespace  related  sys-
            temControls are not supported.

          o For  tasks  that use the task IPC mode, IPC namespace related sys-
            temControls will apply to all containers within a task.

          NOTE:
              This parameter is not supported for Windows containers or  tasks
              run on Fargate.

          Possible values:

          o host

          o task

          o none

       --proxy-configuration (structure)
          The configuration details for the App Mesh proxy.

          For  tasks  hosted  on Amazon EC2 instances, the container instances
          require at least version 1.26.0 of the container agent and at  least
          version  1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init package to enable a proxy configu-
          ration. If your container instances are  launched  from  the  Amazon
          ECS-optimized  AMI  version 20190301 or later, then they contain the
          required versions of the container agent and ecs-init . For more in-
          formation, see Amazon ECS-optimized AMI versions in the Amazon Elas-
          tic Container Service Developer Guide .

          type -> (string)
              The proxy type. The only supported value is APPMESH .

          containerName -> (string)
              The name of the container that will serve as the App Mesh proxy.

          properties -> (list)
              The set of network configuration parameters to provide the  Con-
              tainer  Network  Interface  (CNI) plugin, specified as key-value
              pairs.

              o IgnoredUID - (Required) The user ID (UID) of  the  proxy  con-
                tainer as defined by the user parameter in a container defini-
                tion. This is used to ensure the proxy ignores its  own  traf-
                fic. If IgnoredGID is specified, this field can be empty.

              o IgnoredGID  -  (Required) The group ID (GID) of the proxy con-
                tainer as defined by the user parameter in a container defini-
                tion.  This  is used to ensure the proxy ignores its own traf-
                fic. If IgnoredUID is specified, this field can be empty.

              o AppPorts - (Required) The list of ports that  the  application
                uses. Network traffic to these ports is forwarded to the Prox-
                yIngressPort and ProxyEgressPort .

              o ProxyIngressPort - (Required) Specifies the port that incoming
                traffic to the AppPorts is directed to.

              o ProxyEgressPort  - (Required) Specifies the port that outgoing
                traffic from the AppPorts is directed to.

              o EgressIgnoredPorts - (Required) The egress  traffic  going  to
                the specified ports is ignored and not redirected to the Prox-
                yEgressPort . It can be an empty list.

              o EgressIgnoredIPs - (Required) The egress traffic going to  the
                specified  IP  addresses  is ignored and not redirected to the
                ProxyEgressPort . It can be an empty list.

              (structure)
                 A key-value pair object.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of the key-value  pair.  For  environment  vari-
                     ables, this is the name of the environment variable.

                 value -> (string)
                     The  value  of  the key-value pair. For environment vari-
                     ables, this is the value of the environment variable.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          type=string,containerName=string,properties=[{name=string,value=string},{name=string,value=string}]

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "type": "APPMESH",
            "containerName": "string",
            "properties": [
              {
                "name": "string",
                "value": "string"
              }
              ...
            ]
          }

       --inference-accelerators (list)
          The Elastic Inference accelerators to use for the containers in  the
          task.

          (structure)
              Details  on  an Elastic Inference accelerator. For more informa-
              tion, see Working with Amazon Elastic Inference on Amazon ECS in
              the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

              deviceName -> (string)
                 The Elastic Inference accelerator device name. The deviceName
                 must also be referenced in a container definition as  a   Re-
                 sourceRequirement .

              deviceType -> (string)
                 The Elastic Inference accelerator type to use.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          deviceName=string,deviceType=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "deviceName": "string",
              "deviceType": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --ephemeral-storage (structure)
          The  amount  of ephemeral storage to allocate for the task. This pa-
          rameter is used to expand the  total  amount  of  ephemeral  storage
          available,  beyond  the default amount, for tasks hosted on Fargate.
          For more information, see Fargate task storage  in  the  Amazon  ECS
          User Guide for Fargate .

          NOTE:
              This parameter is only supported for tasks hosted on Fargate us-
              ing the following platform versions:

              o Linux platform version 1.4.0 or later.

              o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

          sizeInGiB -> (integer)
              The total amount, in GiB, of ephemeral storage to  set  for  the
              task. The minimum supported value is 21 GiB and the maximum sup-
              ported value is 200 GiB.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          sizeInGiB=integer

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "sizeInGiB": integer
          }

       --runtime-platform (structure)
          The operating system that your tasks definitions run on. A  platform
          family is specified only for tasks using the Fargate launch type.

          When  you  specify  a  task definition in a service, this value must
          match the runtimePlatform value of the service.

          cpuArchitecture -> (string)
              The CPU architecture.

              You can run your Linux tasks on an ARM-based platform by setting
              the  value to ARM64 . This option is avaiable for tasks that run
              on Linuc Amazon EC2 instance or Linux containers on Fargate.

          operatingSystemFamily -> (string)
              The operating system.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          cpuArchitecture=string,operatingSystemFamily=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "cpuArchitecture": "X86_64"|"ARM64",
            "operatingSystemFamily": "WINDOWS_SERVER_2019_FULL"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_2019_CORE"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_2016_FULL"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_2004_CORE"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_2022_CORE"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_2022_FULL"|"WINDOWS_SERVER_20H2_CORE"|"LINUX"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To register a task definition with a JSON file

       The following register-task-definition example registers a task defini-
       tion  to the specified family with container definitions that are saved
       in JSON format at the specified file location.

          aws ecs register-task-definition \
              --cli-input-json file://<path_to_json_file>/sleep360.json

       sleep360.json file contents:

          {
              "containerDefinitions": [
                  {
                      "name": "sleep",
                      "image": "busybox",
                      "cpu": 10,
                      "command": [
                          "sleep",
                          "360"
                      ],
                      "memory": 10,
                      "essential": true
                  }
              ],
              "family": "sleep360"
          }

       Output:

          {
              "taskDefinition": {
                  "taskDefinitionArn": "arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:123456789012:task-definition/sleep360:2",
                  "containerDefinitions": [
                      {
                          "name": "sleep",
                          "image": "busybox",
                          "cpu": 10,
                          "memory": 10,
                          "portMappings": [],
                          "essential": true,
                          "command": [
                              "sleep",
                              "360"
                          ],
                          "environment": [],
                          "mountPoints": [],
                          "volumesFrom": []
                      }
                  ],
                  "family": "sleep360",
                  "revision": 2,
                  "volumes": [],
                  "status": "ACTIVE",
                  "placementConstraints": [],
                  "compatibilities": [
                      "EC2"
                  ]
              }
          }

       Example 2: To register a task definition with a JSON string parameter

       The following register-task-definition example registers the same  task
       definition from the previous example, but the container definitions are
       provided as a string parameter with the double quotes escaped.

          aws ecs register-task-definition \
              --family sleep360 \
              --container-definitions "[{\"name\":\"sleep\",\"image\":\"busybox\",\"cpu\":10,\"command\":[\"sleep\",\"360\"],\"memory\":10,\"essential\":true}]"

       The output is identical to the previous example.

       Example 3: To use data volumes in a task definition

       This example task definition file creates a data volume called  webdata
       that  exists  at  /ecs/webdata on the container instance. The volume is
       mounted read-only as /usr/share/nginx/html on the  web  container,  and
       read-write as /nginx/ on the timer container.

          {
              "family": "web-timer",
              "containerDefinitions": [
                  {
                      "name": "web",
                      "image": "nginx",
                      "cpu": 99,
                      "memory": 100,
                      "portMappings": [
                          {
                              "containerPort": 80,
                              "hostPort": 80
                          }
                      ],
                      "essential": true,
                      "mountPoints": [
                          {
                              "sourceVolume": "webdata",
                              "containerPath": "/usr/share/nginx/html",
                              "readOnly": true
                          }
                      ]
                  },
                  {
                      "name": "timer",
                      "image": "busybox",
                      "cpu": 10,
                      "memory": 20,
                      "entryPoint": ["sh", "-c"],
                      "command": ["while true; do date > /nginx/index.html; sleep 1; done"],
                      "mountPoints": [
                          {
                              "sourceVolume": "webdata",
                              "containerPath": "/nginx/"
                          }
                      ]
                  }
              ],
              "volumes": [
                  {
                      "name": "webdata",
                      "host": {
                          "sourcePath": "/ecs/webdata"
                      }
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more information, see Creating a Task Definition in the Amazon ECS
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       taskDefinition -> (structure)
          The full description of the registered task definition.

          taskDefinitionArn -> (string)
              The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the task definition.

          containerDefinitions -> (list)
              A list of container definitions in JSON format that describe the
              different  containers  that make up your task. For more informa-
              tion about container definition  parameters  and  defaults,  see
              Amazon ECS Task Definitions in the Amazon Elastic Container Ser-
              vice Developer Guide .

              (structure)
                 Container definitions are used in  task  definitions  to  de-
                 scribe  the different containers that are launched as part of
                 a task.

                 name -> (string)
                     The name of a container. If you're linking multiple  con-
                     tainers  together  in  a task definition, the name of one
                     container can be entered in the  links  of  another  con-
                     tainer  to connect the containers. Up to 255 letters (up-
                     percase and lowercase), numbers, underscores, and hyphens
                     are  allowed. This parameter maps to name in the Create a
                     container section of the Docker Remote API and the --name
                     option to docker run .

                 image -> (string)
                     The  image  used  to  start  a  container. This string is
                     passed directly to the Docker daemon. By default,  images
                     in the Docker Hub registry are available. Other reposito-
                     ries are specified with either ``  repository-url  /image
                     :tag  `` or `` repository-url /image @*digest* `` . Up to
                     255 letters (uppercase and lowercase), numbers,  hyphens,
                     underscores, colons, periods, forward slashes, and number
                     signs are allowed. This parameter maps to  Image  in  the
                     Create  a  container section of the Docker Remote API and
                     the IMAGE parameter of docker run .

                     o When a new task starts, the Amazon ECS container  agent
                       pulls the latest version of the specified image and tag
                       for the container to use. However,  subsequent  updates
                       to a repository image aren't propagated to already run-
                       ning tasks.

                     o Images in Amazon ECR repositories can be  specified  by
                       either  using  the full registry/repository:tag or reg-
                       istry/repository@digest      .       For       example,
                       012345678910.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.amazon-
                       aws.com/<repository-name>:latest                     or
                       012345678910.dkr.ecr.<region-name>.amazon-
                       aws.com/<reposi-
                       tory-name>@sha256:94afd1f2e64d908bc90dbca0035a5b567EX-
                       AMPLE .

                     o Images in official repositories on  Docker  Hub  use  a
                       single name (for example, ubuntu or mongo ).

                     o Images  in  other repositories on Docker Hub are quali-
                       fied with  an  organization  name  (for  example,  ama-
                       zon/amazon-ecs-agent ).

                     o Images  in other online repositories are qualified fur-
                       ther by a domain name (for  example,  quay.io/assembly-
                       line/ubuntu ).

                 repositoryCredentials -> (structure)
                     The private repository authentication credentials to use.

                     credentialsParameter -> (string)
                        The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the secret contain-
                        ing the private repository credentials.

                        NOTE:
                            When you use the Amazon ECS API,  CLI,  or  Amazon
                            Web Services SDK, if the secret exists in the same
                            Region as the task that you're launching then  you
                            can use either the full ARN or the name of the se-
                            cret. When you use the Amazon Web Services Manage-
                            ment Console, you must specify the full ARN of the
                            secret.

                 cpu -> (integer)
                     The number of cpu units reserved for the container.  This
                     parameter  maps  to  CpuShares  in the Create a container
                     section of the Docker Remote API and the --cpu-shares op-
                     tion to docker run .

                     This field is optional for tasks using the Fargate launch
                     type, and the only requirement is that the  total  amount
                     of CPU reserved for all containers within a task be lower
                     than the task-level cpu value.

                     NOTE:
                        You can determine the number of  CPU  units  that  are
                        available per EC2 instance type by multiplying the vC-
                        PUs listed for that instance type on  the  Amazon  EC2
                        Instances detail page by 1,024.

                     Linux  containers  share unallocated CPU units with other
                     containers on the container instance with the same  ratio
                     as their allocated amount. For example, if you run a sin-
                     gle-container task on a single-core  instance  type  with
                     512  CPU  units  specified for that container, and that's
                     the only task running on  the  container  instance,  that
                     container  could use the full 1,024 CPU unit share at any
                     given time. However, if you launched another copy of  the
                     same  task on that container instance, each task is guar-
                     anteed a minimum of 512 CPU units when needed.  Moreover,
                     each  container  could  float  to higher CPU usage if the
                     other container was not using it. If both tasks were 100%
                     active  all of the time, they would be limited to 512 CPU
                     units.

                     On Linux container instances, the Docker  daemon  on  the
                     container  instance  uses  the CPU value to calculate the
                     relative CPU share ratios  for  running  containers.  For
                     more  information, see CPU share constraint in the Docker
                     documentation. The minimum valid CPU share value that the
                     Linux  kernel  allows  is  2.  However, the CPU parameter
                     isn't required, and you can use CPU  values  below  2  in
                     your  container  definitions. For CPU values below 2 (in-
                     cluding null), the behavior varies based on  your  Amazon
                     ECS container agent version:

                     o Agent  versions  less  than or equal to 1.1.0: Null and
                       zero CPU values are passed to Docker as 0, which Docker
                       then  converts to 1,024 CPU shares. CPU values of 1 are
                       passed to Docker as 1, which the Linux kernel  converts
                       to two CPU shares.

                     o Agent  versions  greater  than or equal to 1.2.0: Null,
                       zero, and CPU values of 1 are passed to Docker as 2.

                     On Windows container instances, the CPU limit is enforced
                     as an absolute limit, or a quota. Windows containers only
                     have access to the specified amount  of  CPU  that's  de-
                     scribed  in the task definition. A null or zero CPU value
                     is passed to Docker as 0 , which Windows interprets as 1%
                     of one CPU.

                 memory -> (integer)
                     The  amount  (in  MiB)  of  memory to present to the con-
                     tainer. If your container attempts to exceed  the  memory
                     specified here, the container is killed. The total amount
                     of memory reserved for all containers within a task  must
                     be lower than the task memory value, if one is specified.
                     This parameter maps to Memory in the Create  a  container
                     section  of the Docker Remote API and the --memory option
                     to docker run .

                     If using the Fargate launch type, this parameter  is  op-
                     tional.

                     If  using  the EC2 launch type, you must specify either a
                     task-level  memory  value  or  a  container-level  memory
                     value.  If  you specify both a container-level memory and
                     memoryReservation value, memory must be greater than mem-
                     oryReservation  . If you specify memoryReservation , then
                     that value is subtracted from the  available  memory  re-
                     sources for the container instance where the container is
                     placed. Otherwise, the value of memory is used.

                     The Docker 20.10.0 or later daemon reserves a minimum  of
                     6  MiB of memory for a container, so you should not spec-
                     ify fewer than 6 MiB of memory for your containers.

                     The Docker 19.03.13-ce or earlier daemon reserves a mini-
                     mum of 4 MiB of memory for a container, so you should not
                     specify fewer than 4 MiB of memory for your containers.

                 memoryReservation -> (integer)
                     The soft limit (in MiB) of memory to reserve for the con-
                     tainer.  When  system  memory  is under heavy contention,
                     Docker attempts to keep the container memory to this soft
                     limit.  However,  your  container can consume more memory
                     when it needs to, up to either the hard  limit  specified
                     with  the memory parameter (if applicable), or all of the
                     available memory on  the  container  instance,  whichever
                     comes  first. This parameter maps to MemoryReservation in
                     the Create a container section of the Docker  Remote  API
                     and the --memory-reservation option to docker run .

                     If  a  task-level memory value is not specified, you must
                     specify a non-zero integer for one or both of  memory  or
                     memoryReservation in a container definition. If you spec-
                     ify both, memory must be greater than memoryReservation .
                     If  you  specify  memoryReservation  , then that value is
                     subtracted from the available memory  resources  for  the
                     container  instance where the container is placed. Other-
                     wise, the value of memory is used.

                     For example, if your container normally uses 128  MiB  of
                     memory,  but occasionally bursts to 256 MiB of memory for
                     short periods of time, you can set a memoryReservation of
                     128 MiB, and a memory hard limit of 300 MiB. This config-
                     uration would allow the container to only reserve 128 MiB
                     of  memory  from the remaining resources on the container
                     instance, but also allow the container  to  consume  more
                     memory resources when needed.

                     The  Docker  daemon reserves a minimum of 4 MiB of memory
                     for a container. Therefore, we recommend that you specify
                     fewer than 4 MiB of memory for your containers.

                 links -> (list)
                     The links parameter allows containers to communicate with
                     each other without the need for port mappings.  This  pa-
                     rameter  is  only supported if the network mode of a task
                     definition is bridge . The name:internalName construct is
                     analogous  to  name:alias in Docker links. Up to 255 let-
                     ters (uppercase and lowercase), numbers, underscores, and
                     hyphens  are  allowed. For more information about linking
                     Docker containers, go to Legacy container  links  in  the
                     Docker documentation. This parameter maps to Links in the
                     Create a container section of the Docker Remote  API  and
                     the --link option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                     WARNING:
                        Containers that are collocated on a  single  container
                        instance  may  be  able to communicate with each other
                        without requiring links or host port mappings. Network
                        isolation  is achieved on the container instance using
                        security groups and VPC settings.

                     (string)

                 portMappings -> (list)
                     The list of port mappings for the  container.  Port  map-
                     pings  allow  containers to access ports on the host con-
                     tainer instance to send or receive traffic.

                     For task definitions that use the  awsvpc  network  mode,
                     only specify the containerPort . The hostPort can be left
                     blank or it must be the same value as the containerPort .

                     Port mappings on Windows use the NetNAT  gateway  address
                     rather than localhost . There's no loopback for port map-
                     pings on Windows,  so  you  can't  access  a  container's
                     mapped port from the host itself.

                     This  parameter maps to PortBindings in the Create a con-
                     tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the --publish
                     option to docker run . If the network mode of a task def-
                     inition is set to none , then you can't specify port map-
                     pings. If the network mode of a task definition is set to
                     host , then host ports must either be undefined  or  they
                     must match the container port in the port mapping.

                     NOTE:
                        After  a  task  reaches the RUNNING status, manual and
                        automatic host and container port assignments are vis-
                        ible  in  the  Network Bindings section of a container
                        description for a selected task in the Amazon ECS con-
                        sole. The assignments are also visible in the network-
                        Bindings section  DescribeTasks responses.

                     (structure)
                        Port mappings allow containers to access ports on  the
                        host  container  instance  to send or receive traffic.
                        Port mappings are specified as part of  the  container
                        definition.

                        If  you  use  containers  in a task with the awsvpc or
                        host network mode, specify  the  exposed  ports  using
                        containerPort  .  The hostPort can be left blank or it
                        must be the same value as the containerPort .

                        NOTE:
                            You can't expose the same container port for  mul-
                            tiple  protocols. If you attempt this, an error is
                            returned.

                        After a task reaches the RUNNING  status,  manual  and
                        automatic host and container port assignments are vis-
                        ible in the networkBindings section of   DescribeTasks
                        API responses.

                        containerPort -> (integer)
                            The  port  number on the container that's bound to
                            the user-specified or automatically assigned  host
                            port.

                            If you use containers in a task with the awsvpc or
                            host network mode, specify the exposed ports using
                            containerPort .

                            If  you  use  containers in a task with the bridge
                            network mode and you specify a container port  and
                            not  a host port, your container automatically re-
                            ceives a host port in the  ephemeral  port  range.
                            For more information, see hostPort . Port mappings
                            that are automatically assigned in this way do not
                            count  toward  the  100  reserved ports limit of a
                            container instance.

                        hostPort -> (integer)
                            The port number on the container instance  to  re-
                            serve for your container.

                            If you use containers in a task with the awsvpc or
                            host network mode, the hostPort can either be left
                            blank  or  set to the same value as the container-
                            Port .

                            If you use containers in a task  with  the  bridge
                            network  mode, you can specify a non-reserved host
                            port for your container port mapping, or  you  can
                            omit the hostPort (or set it to 0 ) while specify-
                            ing a containerPort and your  container  automati-
                            cally  receives a port in the ephemeral port range
                            for your container instance operating  system  and
                            Docker version.

                            The  default  ephemeral port range for Docker ver-
                            sion 1.6.0 and later is listed on the instance un-
                            der  /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_local_port_range  .  If
                            this kernel parameter is unavailable, the  default
                            ephemeral  port  range from 49153 through 65535 is
                            used. Do not attempt to specify a host port in the
                            ephemeral port range as these are reserved for au-
                            tomatic assignment. In general, ports below  32768
                            are outside of the ephemeral port range.

                            NOTE:
                               The  default  ephemeral  port  range from 49153
                               through 65535 is always used  for  Docker  ver-
                               sions before 1.6.0.

                            The  default  reserved  ports  are 22 for SSH, the
                            Docker ports 2375 and 2376,  and  the  Amazon  ECS
                            container  agent  ports 51678-51680. Any host port
                            that was previously specified in a running task is
                            also  reserved while the task is running. That is,
                            after a task stops, the host port is released. The
                            current  reserved  ports  are displayed in the re-
                            mainingResources  of    DescribeContainerInstances
                            output.  A  container  instance can have up to 100
                            reserved ports at a time. This number includes the
                            default  reserved  ports.  Automatically  assigned
                            ports aren't included in the  100  reserved  ports
                            quota.

                        protocol -> (string)
                            The protocol used for the port mapping. Valid val-
                            ues are tcp and udp . The default is tcp .

                 essential -> (boolean)
                     If the essential parameter of a container  is  marked  as
                     true  , and that container fails or stops for any reason,
                     all other containers  that  are  part  of  the  task  are
                     stopped.  If  the  essential  parameter of a container is
                     marked as false , its failure doesn't affect the rest  of
                     the containers in a task. If this parameter is omitted, a
                     container is assumed to be essential.

                     All tasks must have at least one essential container.  If
                     you  have an application that's composed of multiple con-
                     tainers, group containers that are used for a common pur-
                     pose  into  components, and separate the different compo-
                     nents into multiple task definitions. For  more  informa-
                     tion,  see Application Architecture in the Amazon Elastic
                     Container Service Developer Guide .

                 entryPoint -> (list)

                     WARNING:
                        Early versions of the Amazon ECS container agent don't
                        properly  handle  entryPoint  parameters.  If you have
                        problems using  entryPoint  ,  update  your  container
                        agent  or enter your commands and arguments as command
                        array items instead.

                     The entry point that's passed to the container. This  pa-
                     rameter maps to Entrypoint in the Create a container sec-
                     tion of the Docker Remote API and the --entrypoint option
                     to    docker    run   .   For   more   information,   see
                     https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint
                     .

                     (string)

                 command -> (list)
                     The  command that's passed to the container. This parame-
                     ter maps to Cmd in the Create a container section of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the COMMAND parameter to docker run
                     .        For        more         information,         see
                     https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd   .
                     If there are multiple arguments, each argument is a sepa-
                     rated string in the array.

                     (string)

                 environment -> (list)
                     The  environment  variables  to pass to a container. This
                     parameter maps to Env in the Create a  container  section
                     of  the  Docker Remote API and the --env option to docker
                     run .

                     WARNING:
                        We don't recommend that you use plaintext  environment
                        variables  for  sensitive information, such as creden-
                        tial data.

                     (structure)
                        A key-value pair object.

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the key-value  pair.  For  environment
                            variables,  this  is  the  name of the environment
                            variable.

                        value -> (string)
                            The value of the key-value pair.  For  environment
                            variables,  this  is  the value of the environment
                            variable.

                 environmentFiles -> (list)
                     A list of files containing the environment  variables  to
                     pass   to   a  container.  This  parameter  maps  to  the
                     --env-file option to docker run .

                     You can specify up to ten  environment  files.  The  file
                     must have a .env file extension. Each line in an environ-
                     ment file  contains  an  environment  variable  in  VARI-
                     ABLE=VALUE  format. Lines beginning with # are treated as
                     comments and are ignored. For more information about  the
                     environment variable file syntax, see Declare default en-
                     vironment variables in file .

                     If there are environment variables  specified  using  the
                     environment  parameter  in  a  container definition, they
                     take precedence over the variables  contained  within  an
                     environment file. If multiple environment files are spec-
                     ified that contain the same variable,  they're  processed
                     from the top down. We recommend that you use unique vari-
                     able names. For more information, see Specifying Environ-
                     ment  Variables  in  the Amazon Elastic Container Service
                     Developer Guide .

                     (structure)
                        A list of files containing the  environment  variables
                        to  pass to a container. You can specify up to ten en-
                        vironment files. The file must have a .env file exten-
                        sion.  Each line in an environment file should contain
                        an  environment  variable  in  VARIABLE=VALUE  format.
                        Lines beginning with # are treated as comments and are
                        ignored. For more information  about  the  environment
                        variable  file syntax, see Declare default environment
                        variables in file .

                        If there are environment variables specified using the
                        environment  parameter in a container definition, they
                        take precedence over the variables contained within an
                        environment  file.  If  multiple environment files are
                        specified that contain the same variable, they're pro-
                        cessed  from  the  top down. We recommend that you use
                        unique  variable  names.  For  more  information,  see
                        Specifying environment variables in the Amazon Elastic
                        Container Service Developer Guide .

                        This parameter is only supported for tasks  hosted  on
                        Fargate using the following platform versions:

                        o Linux platform version 1.4.0 or later.

                        o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                        value -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the Amazon S3
                            object containing the environment variable file.

                        type -> (string)
                            The file type to use. The only supported value  is
                            s3 .

                 mountPoints -> (list)
                     The mount points for data volumes in your container.

                     This  parameter maps to Volumes in the Create a container
                     section of the Docker Remote API and the --volume  option
                     to docker run .

                     Windows  containers  can  mount  whole directories on the
                     same drive as $env:ProgramData . Windows containers can't
                     mount  directories  on a different drive, and mount point
                     can't be across drives.

                     (structure)
                        Details for a volume mount point that's used in a con-
                        tainer definition.

                        sourceVolume -> (string)
                            The  name of the volume to mount. Must be a volume
                            name referenced in the name parameter of task def-
                            inition volume .

                        containerPath -> (string)
                            The path on the container to mount the host volume
                            at.

                        readOnly -> (boolean)
                            If  this  value  is  true  ,  the  container   has
                            read-only  access  to the volume. If this value is
                            false , then the container can write to  the  vol-
                            ume. The default value is false .

                 volumesFrom -> (list)
                     Data volumes to mount from another container. This param-
                     eter maps to VolumesFrom in the Create a  container  sec-
                     tion  of the Docker Remote API and the --volumes-from op-
                     tion to docker run .

                     (structure)
                        Details on a data volume from another container in the
                        same task definition.

                        sourceContainer -> (string)
                            The name of another container within the same task
                            definition to mount volumes from.

                        readOnly -> (boolean)
                            If  this  value  is  true  ,  the  container   has
                            read-only  access  to the volume. If this value is
                            false , then the container can write to  the  vol-
                            ume. The default value is false .

                 linuxParameters -> (structure)
                     Linux-specific modifications that are applied to the con-
                     tainer, such as Linux kernel capabilities. For  more  in-
                     formation see  KernelCapabilities .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                     capabilities -> (structure)
                        The Linux capabilities  for  the  container  that  are
                        added  to  or  dropped  from the default configuration
                        provided by Docker.

                        NOTE:
                            For tasks that use the Fargate launch type,  capa-
                            bilities  is  supported  for all platform versions
                            but the add parameter is only supported  if  using
                            platform version 1.4.0 or later.

                        add -> (list)
                            The Linux capabilities for the container that have
                            been added to the default  configuration  provided
                            by  Docker.  This  parameter maps to CapAdd in the
                            Create a container section of  the  Docker  Remote
                            API and the --cap-add option to docker run .

                            NOTE:
                               Tasks  launched  on Fargate only support adding
                               the SYS_PTRACE kernel capability.

                            Valid  values:  "ALL"  |  "AUDIT_CONTROL"  |  "AU-
                            DIT_WRITE"   |   "BLOCK_SUSPEND"   |   "CHOWN"   |
                            "DAC_OVERRIDE" | "DAC_READ_SEARCH"  |  "FOWNER"  |
                            "FSETID"  |  "IPC_LOCK"  |  "IPC_OWNER" | "KILL" |
                            "LEASE"  |  "LINUX_IMMUTABLE"  |   "MAC_ADMIN"   |
                            "MAC_OVERRIDE"   |   "MKNOD"   |   "NET_ADMIN"   |
                            "NET_BIND_SERVICE" | "NET_BROADCAST" | "NET_RAW" |
                            "SETFCAP"  |  "SETGID"  |  "SETPCAP"  | "SETUID" |
                            "SYS_ADMIN"  |   "SYS_BOOT"   |   "SYS_CHROOT"   |
                            "SYS_MODULE"   |   "SYS_NICE"   |   "SYS_PACCT"  |
                            "SYS_PTRACE"  |  "SYS_RAWIO"  |  "SYS_RESOURCE"  |
                            "SYS_TIME"   |   "SYS_TTY_CONFIG"   |  "SYSLOG"  |
                            "WAKE_ALARM"

                            (string)

                        drop -> (list)
                            The Linux capabilities for the container that have
                            been  removed  from the default configuration pro-
                            vided by Docker. This parameter maps to CapDrop in
                            the  Create  a container section of the Docker Re-
                            mote API and the --cap-drop option to docker run .

                            Valid  values:  "ALL"  |  "AUDIT_CONTROL"  |  "AU-
                            DIT_WRITE"   |   "BLOCK_SUSPEND"   |   "CHOWN"   |
                            "DAC_OVERRIDE" | "DAC_READ_SEARCH"  |  "FOWNER"  |
                            "FSETID"  |  "IPC_LOCK"  |  "IPC_OWNER" | "KILL" |
                            "LEASE"  |  "LINUX_IMMUTABLE"  |   "MAC_ADMIN"   |
                            "MAC_OVERRIDE"   |   "MKNOD"   |   "NET_ADMIN"   |
                            "NET_BIND_SERVICE" | "NET_BROADCAST" | "NET_RAW" |
                            "SETFCAP"  |  "SETGID"  |  "SETPCAP"  | "SETUID" |
                            "SYS_ADMIN"  |   "SYS_BOOT"   |   "SYS_CHROOT"   |
                            "SYS_MODULE"   |   "SYS_NICE"   |   "SYS_PACCT"  |
                            "SYS_PTRACE"  |  "SYS_RAWIO"  |  "SYS_RESOURCE"  |
                            "SYS_TIME"   |   "SYS_TTY_CONFIG"   |  "SYSLOG"  |
                            "WAKE_ALARM"

                            (string)

                     devices -> (list)
                        Any host devices to expose to the container. This  pa-
                        rameter maps to Devices in the Create a container sec-
                        tion of the Docker Remote API and the --device  option
                        to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            If  you're using tasks that use the Fargate launch
                            type, the devices parameter isn't supported.

                        (structure)
                            An object representing a container  instance  host
                            device.

                            hostPath -> (string)
                               The  path  for the device on the host container
                               instance.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The path inside the container at which  to  ex-
                               pose the host device.

                            permissions -> (list)
                               The explicit permissions to provide to the con-
                               tainer for the device.  By  default,  the  con-
                               tainer  has  permissions for read , write , and
                               mknod for the device.

                               (string)

                     initProcessEnabled -> (boolean)
                        Run an init process inside the container that forwards
                        signals  and  reaps  processes. This parameter maps to
                        the --init option to docker run . This  parameter  re-
                        quires  version  1.25  of  the  Docker  Remote  API or
                        greater on  your  container  instance.  To  check  the
                        Docker  Remote API version on your container instance,
                        log in to your container instance and run the  follow-
                        ing    command:    sudo    docker   version   --format
                        '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                     sharedMemorySize -> (integer)
                        The value for the size (in MiB) of the  /dev/shm  vol-
                        ume.  This  parameter maps to the --shm-size option to
                        docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            If you are using tasks that use the Fargate launch
                            type,  the  sharedMemorySize parameter is not sup-
                            ported.

                     tmpfs -> (list)
                        The container path, mount options, and size  (in  MiB)
                        of the tmpfs mount. This parameter maps to the --tmpfs
                        option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            If you're using tasks that use the Fargate  launch
                            type, the tmpfs parameter isn't supported.

                        (structure)
                            The container path, mount options, and size of the
                            tmpfs mount.

                            containerPath -> (string)
                               The absolute file path where the  tmpfs  volume
                               is to be mounted.

                            size -> (integer)
                               The maximum size (in MiB) of the tmpfs volume.

                            mountOptions -> (list)
                               The list of tmpfs volume mount options.

                               Valid values: "defaults" | "ro" | "rw" | "suid"
                               |  "nosuid"  |  "dev"  |  "nodev"  |  "exec"  |
                               "noexec"  | "sync" | "async" | "dirsync" | "re-
                               mount" | "mand" | "nomand" | "atime"  |  "noat-
                               ime"  |  "diratime"  |  "nodiratime" | "bind" |
                               "rbind" | "unbindable" | "runbindable" |  "pri-
                               vate"  |  "rprivate"  |  "shared" | "rshared" |
                               "slave" | "rslave" | "relatime" |  "norelatime"
                               |  "strictatime"  |  "nostrictatime" | "mode" |
                               "uid" | "gid" |  "nr_inodes"  |  "nr_blocks"  |
                               "mpol"

                               (string)

                     maxSwap -> (integer)
                        The  total  amount of swap memory (in MiB) a container
                        can use. This parameter  will  be  translated  to  the
                        --memory-swap  option  to  docker  run where the value
                        would be the sum of  the  container  memory  plus  the
                        maxSwap value.

                        If  a  maxSwap  value of 0 is specified, the container
                        will not use swap. Accepted values are 0 or any  posi-
                        tive integer. If the maxSwap parameter is omitted, the
                        container will use the swap configuration for the con-
                        tainer instance it is running on. A maxSwap value must
                        be set for the swappiness parameter to be used.

                        NOTE:
                            If you're using tasks that use the Fargate  launch
                            type, the maxSwap parameter isn't supported.

                     swappiness -> (integer)
                        This  allows  you to tune a container's memory swappi-
                        ness behavior. A swappiness  value  of  0  will  cause
                        swapping  to not happen unless absolutely necessary. A
                        swappiness value of 100 will cause pages to be swapped
                        very  aggressively.  Accepted values are whole numbers
                        between 0 and 100 . If the swappiness parameter is not
                        specified,  a  default value of 60 is used. If a value
                        is not specified for maxSwap then  this  parameter  is
                        ignored.  This  parameter maps to the --memory-swappi-
                        ness option to docker run .

                        NOTE:
                            If you're using tasks that use the Fargate  launch
                            type, the swappiness parameter isn't supported.

                 secrets -> (list)
                     The  secrets  to pass to the container. For more informa-
                     tion, see Specifying Sensitive Data in the Amazon Elastic
                     Container Service Developer Guide .

                     (structure)
                        An  object  representing  the secret to expose to your
                        container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  container  in
                        the following ways:

                        o To inject sensitive data into your containers as en-
                          vironment variables, use the secrets container defi-
                          nition parameter.

                        o To  reference  sensitive information in the log con-
                          figuration of a  container,  use  the  secretOptions
                          container definition parameter.

                        For more information, see Specifying Sensitive Data in
                        the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                        name -> (string)
                            The name of the secret.

                        valueFrom -> (string)
                            The secret to expose to the  container.  The  sup-
                            ported  values  are either the full ARN of the Se-
                            crets Manager secret or the full ARN of the param-
                            eter in the SSM Parameter Store.

                            NOTE:
                               If  the SSM Parameter Store parameter exists in
                               the same Region as the task  you're  launching,
                               then you can use either the full ARN or name of
                               the parameter. If the  parameter  exists  in  a
                               different  Region,  then  the  full ARN must be
                               specified.

                 dependsOn -> (list)
                     The dependencies defined for container startup and  shut-
                     down. A container can contain multiple dependencies. When
                     a dependency is defined for container startup,  for  con-
                     tainer shutdown it is reversed.

                     For  tasks  using  the EC2 launch type, the container in-
                     stances require at least version 1.26.0 of the  container
                     agent  to enable container dependencies. However, we rec-
                     ommend using the latest container agent version. For  in-
                     formation  about checking your agent version and updating
                     to the latest version, see Updating the Amazon  ECS  Con-
                     tainer  Agent in the Amazon Elastic Container Service De-
                     veloper Guide . If you're using an  Amazon  ECS-optimized
                     Linux  AMI, your instance needs at least version 1.26.0-1
                     of the ecs-init package. If your container instances  are
                     launched  from  version 20190301 or later, then they con-
                     tain the required versions of  the  container  agent  and
                     ecs-init . For more information, see Amazon ECS-optimized
                     Linux AMI in the Amazon Elastic Container Service  Devel-
                     oper Guide .

                     For tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or ser-
                     vice requires the following platforms:

                     o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                     o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                     (structure)
                        The dependencies defined  for  container  startup  and
                        shutdown.  A  container can contain multiple dependen-
                        cies. When  a  dependency  is  defined  for  container
                        startup, for container shutdown it is reversed.

                        Your  Amazon  ECS container instances require at least
                        version 1.26.0 of the container agent to  enable  con-
                        tainer  dependencies.  However, we recommend using the
                        latest container agent version. For information  about
                        checking your agent version and updating to the latest
                        version, see Updating the Amazon ECS  Container  Agent
                        in  the  Amazon  Elastic  Container  Service Developer
                        Guide . If you're using an Amazon ECS-optimized  Linux
                        AMI,  your instance needs at least version 1.26.0-1 of
                        the ecs-init package. If your container instances  are
                        launched  from  version  20190301  or later, then they
                        contain the required versions of the  container  agent
                        and  ecs-init  .  For  more  information,  see  Amazon
                        ECS-optimized Linux AMI in  the  Amazon  Elastic  Con-
                        tainer Service Developer Guide .

                        NOTE:
                            For  tasks  that  use the Fargate launch type, the
                            task or service requires the following platforms:

                            o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                            o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                        containerName -> (string)
                            The name of a container.

                        condition -> (string)
                            The dependency condition  of  the  container.  The
                            following  are  the available conditions and their
                            behavior:

                            o START - This condition emulates the behavior  of
                              links and volumes today. It validates that a de-
                              pendent container is started  before  permitting
                              other containers to start.

                            o COMPLETE  -  This condition validates that a de-
                              pendent container runs to completion (exits) be-
                              fore  permitting other containers to start. This
                              can be useful for nonessential  containers  that
                              run a script and then exit. This condition can't
                              be set on an essential container.

                            o SUCCESS - This condition is the same as COMPLETE
                              ,  but it also requires that the container exits
                              with a zero status. This condition can't be  set
                              on an essential container.

                            o HEALTHY  - This condition validates that the de-
                              pendent container passes its Docker health check
                              before  permitting  other  containers  to start.
                              This requires that the dependent  container  has
                              health checks configured. This condition is con-
                              firmed only at task startup.

                 startTimeout -> (integer)
                     Time duration (in seconds) to wait before  giving  up  on
                     resolving  dependencies for a container. For example, you
                     specify two containers in a task definition with contain-
                     erA having a dependency on containerB reaching a COMPLETE
                     , SUCCESS , or HEALTHY status. If a startTimeout value is
                     specified for containerB and it doesn't reach the desired
                     status within that time then containerA gives up and  not
                     start.  This  results  in  the  task  transitioning  to a
                     STOPPED state.

                     NOTE:
                        When the ECS_CONTAINER_START_TIMEOUT  container  agent
                        configuration variable is used, it's enforced indepen-
                        dently from this start timeout value.

                     For tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or ser-
                     vice requires the following platforms:

                     o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                     o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                     For  tasks  using the EC2 launch type, your container in-
                     stances require at least version 1.26.0 of the  container
                     agent to enable a container start timeout value. However,
                     we recommend using the latest  container  agent  version.
                     For information about checking your agent version and up-
                     dating to the latest version, see Updating the Amazon ECS
                     Container  Agent  in the Amazon Elastic Container Service
                     Developer Guide . If you're using an Amazon ECS-optimized
                     Linux  AMI, your instance needs at least version 1.26.0-1
                     of the ecs-init package. If your container instances  are
                     launched  from  version 20190301 or later, then they con-
                     tain the required versions of  the  container  agent  and
                     ecs-init . For more information, see Amazon ECS-optimized
                     Linux AMI in the Amazon Elastic Container Service  Devel-
                     oper Guide .

                 stopTimeout -> (integer)
                     Time  duration  (in seconds) to wait before the container
                     is forcefully killed if it doesn't exit normally  on  its
                     own.

                     For tasks using the Fargate launch type, the task or ser-
                     vice requires the following platforms:

                     o Linux platform version 1.3.0 or later.

                     o Windows platform version 1.0.0 or later.

                     The max stop timeout value is 120 seconds and if the  pa-
                     rameter is not specified, the default value of 30 seconds
                     is used.

                     For tasks that use the EC2 launch type, if the  stopTime-
                     out parameter isn't specified, the value set for the Ama-
                     zon ECS container agent configuration  variable  ECS_CON-
                     TAINER_STOP_TIMEOUT  is  used. If neither the stopTimeout
                     parameter or the ECS_CONTAINER_STOP_TIMEOUT agent config-
                     uration  variable  are set, then the default values of 30
                     seconds for Linux containers and 30  seconds  on  Windows
                     containers  are used. Your container instances require at
                     least version 1.26.0 of the container agent to  enable  a
                     container stop timeout value. However, we recommend using
                     the latest container agent version. For information about
                     checking  your  agent  version and updating to the latest
                     version, see Updating the Amazon ECS Container  Agent  in
                     the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide . If
                     you're using an Amazon ECS-optimized Linux AMI, your  in-
                     stance  needs  at  least version 1.26.0-1 of the ecs-init
                     package. If your container instances  are  launched  from
                     version 20190301 or later, then they contain the required
                     versions of the container agent and ecs-init .  For  more
                     information,  see  Amazon  ECS-optimized Linux AMI in the
                     Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 hostname -> (string)
                     The hostname to use for your  container.  This  parameter
                     maps to Hostname in the Create a container section of the
                     Docker Remote API and the --hostname option to docker run
                     .

                     NOTE:
                        The  hostname parameter is not supported if you're us-
                        ing the awsvpc network mode.

                 user -> (string)
                     The user to use inside the container. This parameter maps
                     to  User  in the Create a container section of the Docker
                     Remote API and the --user option to docker run .

                     WARNING:
                        When running tasks using the host network mode,  don't
                        run  containers using the root user (UID 0). We recom-
                        mend using a non-root user for better security.

                     You can specify the user using the following formats.  If
                     specifying  a  UID or GID, you must specify it as a posi-
                     tive integer.

                     o user

                     o user:group

                     o uid

                     o uid:gid

                     o user:gid

                     o uid:group

                     NOTE:
                        This parameter is not supported for  Windows  contain-
                        ers.

                 workingDirectory -> (string)
                     The  working  directory  to  run commands inside the con-
                     tainer in. This  parameter  maps  to  WorkingDir  in  the
                     Create  a  container section of the Docker Remote API and
                     the --workdir option to docker run .

                 disableNetworking -> (boolean)
                     When this  parameter  is  true,  networking  is  disabled
                     within  the container. This parameter maps to NetworkDis-
                     abled in the Create a container section of the Docker Re-
                     mote API .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                 privileged -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter is true, the container is given  ele-
                     vated  privileges on the host container instance (similar
                     to the root user). This parameter maps to  Privileged  in
                     the  Create  a container section of the Docker Remote API
                     and the --privileged option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This parameter is not supported for Windows containers
                        or tasks run on Fargate.

                 readonlyRootFilesystem -> (boolean)
                     When  this  parameter  is  true,  the  container is given
                     read-only access to its root file system. This  parameter
                     maps  to ReadonlyRootfs in the Create a container section
                     of the Docker Remote API and the  --read-only  option  to
                     docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                 dnsServers -> (list)
                     A list of DNS servers that  are  presented  to  the  con-
                     tainer.  This  parameter maps to Dns in the Create a con-
                     tainer section of the Docker Remote API and the --dns op-
                     tion to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                     (string)

                 dnsSearchDomains -> (list)
                     A list of DNS search domains that are  presented  to  the
                     container. This parameter maps to DnsSearch in the Create
                     a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API  and  the
                     --dns-search option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                     (string)

                 extraHosts -> (list)
                     A list of hostnames and IP address mappings to append  to
                     the /etc/hosts file on the container. This parameter maps
                     to ExtraHosts in the Create a container  section  of  the
                     Docker Remote API and the --add-host option to docker run
                     .

                     NOTE:
                        This parameter isn't supported for Windows  containers
                        or tasks that use the awsvpc network mode.

                     (structure)
                        Hostnames and IP address entries that are added to the
                        /etc/hosts file of a container via the extraHosts  pa-
                        rameter of its  ContainerDefinition .

                        hostname -> (string)
                            The hostname to use in the /etc/hosts entry.

                        ipAddress -> (string)
                            The IP address to use in the /etc/hosts entry.

                 dockerSecurityOptions -> (list)
                     A  list  of  strings to provide custom labels for SELinux
                     and AppArmor multi-level  security  systems.  This  field
                     isn't  valid  for  containers  in tasks using the Fargate
                     launch type.

                     With Windows containers, this parameter can  be  used  to
                     reference  a credential spec file when configuring a con-
                     tainer for Active Directory authentication. For more  in-
                     formation,  see Using gMSAs for Windows Containers in the
                     Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     This parameter maps to SecurityOpt in the Create  a  con-
                     tainer  section  of the Docker Remote API and the --secu-
                     rity-opt option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        The Amazon ECS container agent running on a  container
                        instance  must  register  with  the  ECS_SELINUX_CAPA-
                        BLE=true  or   ECS_APPARMOR_CAPABLE=true   environment
                        variables  before  containers  placed on that instance
                        can use these security options. For more  information,
                        see  Amazon  ECS  Container Agent Configuration in the
                        Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     For more information about valid values, see  Docker  Run
                     Security Configuration .

                     Valid  values: "no-new-privileges" | "apparmor:PROFILE" |
                     "label:value" | "credentialspec:CredentialSpecFilePath"

                     (string)

                 interactive -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter is true , you can  deploy  container-
                     ized applications that require stdin or a tty to be allo-
                     cated. This parameter maps to OpenStdin in the  Create  a
                     container  section of the Docker Remote API and the --in-
                     teractive option to docker run .

                 pseudoTerminal -> (boolean)
                     When this parameter is true , a TTY  is  allocated.  This
                     parameter  maps  to Tty in the Create a container section
                     of the Docker Remote API and the --tty option  to  docker
                     run .

                 dockerLabels -> (map)
                     A  key/value  map of labels to add to the container. This
                     parameter maps to Labels in the Create a  container  sec-
                     tion  of  the Docker Remote API and the --label option to
                     docker run . This parameter requires version 1.18 of  the
                     Docker  Remote API or greater on your container instance.
                     To check the Docker Remote API version on your  container
                     instance,  log  in to your container instance and run the
                     following   command:   sudo   docker   version   --format
                     '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

                 ulimits -> (list)
                     A  list  of  ulimits to set in the container. If a ulimit
                     value is specified in a task definition, it overrides the
                     default  values  set  by  Docker.  This parameter maps to
                     Ulimits in the Create a container section of  the  Docker
                     Remote  API and the --ulimit option to docker run . Valid
                     naming values are displayed in the  Ulimit data type.

                     Amazon ECS tasks hosted on Fargate use  the  default  re-
                     source  limit values set by the operating system with the
                     exception of the nofile resource  limit  parameter  which
                     Fargate  overrides.  The nofile resource limit sets a re-
                     striction on the number of open files  that  a  container
                     can  use.  The default nofile soft limit is 1024 and hard
                     limit is 4096 .

                     This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote
                     API  or  greater on your container instance. To check the
                     Docker Remote API version on your container instance, log
                     in  to your container instance and run the following com-
                     mand: sudo  docker  version  --format  '{{.Server.APIVer-
                     sion}}'

                     NOTE:
                        This  parameter  is not supported for Windows contain-
                        ers.

                     (structure)
                        The ulimit settings to pass to the container.

                        Amazon ECS tasks hosted on Fargate use the default re-
                        source  limit  values set by the operating system with
                        the exception of the nofile resource  limit  parameter
                        which  Fargate  overrides.  The  nofile resource limit
                        sets a restriction on the number of open files that  a
                        container  can  use.  The default nofile soft limit is
                        1024 and hard limit is 4096 .

                        name -> (string)
                            The type of the ulimit .

                        softLimit -> (integer)
                            The soft limit for the ulimit type.

                        hardLimit -> (integer)
                            The hard limit for the ulimit type.

                 logConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The log configuration specification for the container.

                     This parameter maps to LogConfig in  the  Create  a  con-
                     tainer   section   of  the  Docker  Remote  API  and  the
                     --log-driver option to docker run . By default,  contain-
                     ers  use  the  same logging driver that the Docker daemon
                     uses. However the container can use a  different  logging
                     driver  than the Docker daemon by specifying a log driver
                     with this parameter in the container definition. To use a
                     different  logging driver for a container, the log system
                     must be configured properly on the container instance (or
                     on  a  different  log server for remote logging options).
                     For more information about the options for different sup-
                     ported  log drivers, see Configure logging drivers in the
                     Docker documentation.

                     NOTE:
                        Amazon ECS currently supports a subset of the  logging
                        drivers  available  to the Docker daemon (shown in the
                        LogConfiguration data type).  Additional  log  drivers
                        may  be available in future releases of the Amazon ECS
                        container agent.

                     This parameter requires version 1.18 of the Docker Remote
                     API  or  greater on your container instance. To check the
                     Docker Remote API version on your container instance, log
                     in  to your container instance and run the following com-
                     mand: sudo  docker  version  --format  '{{.Server.APIVer-
                     sion}}'

                     NOTE:
                        The  Amazon ECS container agent running on a container
                        instance must register the logging  drivers  available
                        on  that instance with the ECS_AVAILABLE_LOGGING_DRIV-
                        ERS environment variable before containers  placed  on
                        that instance can use these log configuration options.
                        For more information, see Amazon ECS  Container  Agent
                        Configuration  in the Amazon Elastic Container Service
                        Developer Guide .

                     logDriver -> (string)
                        The log driver to use for the container.

                        For tasks on Fargate, the supported  log  drivers  are
                        awslogs , splunk , and awsfirelens .

                        For  tasks  hosted  on  Amazon EC2 instances, the sup-
                        ported log drivers are awslogs  ,  fluentd  ,  gelf  ,
                        json-file , journald , logentries ,``syslog`` , splunk
                        , and awsfirelens .

                        For more  information  about  using  the  awslogs  log
                        driver, see Using the awslogs log driver in the Amazon
                        Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                        For more information about using the  awsfirelens  log
                        driver,  see  Custom log routing in the Amazon Elastic
                        Container Service Developer Guide .

                        NOTE:
                            If you have a custom driver that isn't listed, you
                            can  fork  the  Amazon ECS container agent project
                            that's available on GitHub  and  customize  it  to
                            work  with that driver. We encourage you to submit
                            pull requests for changes that you would  like  to
                            have included. However, we don't currently provide
                            support for running modified copies of this  soft-
                            ware.

                     options -> (map)
                        The  configuration  options to send to the log driver.
                        This parameter requires version 1.19 of the Docker Re-
                        mote  API  or  greater  on your container instance. To
                        check the Docker Remote API version on your  container
                        instance,  log  in  to your container instance and run
                        the following command: sudo  docker  version  --format
                        '{{.Server.APIVersion}}'

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

                     secretOptions -> (list)
                        The secrets to pass to the log configuration. For more
                        information, see Specifying Sensitive Data in the Ama-
                        zon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                        (structure)
                            An  object  representing  the  secret to expose to
                            your container. Secrets can be exposed to  a  con-
                            tainer in the following ways:

                            o To inject sensitive data into your containers as
                              environment variables, use the secrets container
                              definition parameter.

                            o To  reference  sensitive  information in the log
                              configuration of a container, use the  secretOp-
                              tions container definition parameter.

                            For  more  information,  see  Specifying Sensitive
                            Data in the Amazon Elastic Container  Service  De-
                            veloper Guide .

                            name -> (string)
                               The name of the secret.

                            valueFrom -> (string)
                               The secret to expose to the container. The sup-
                               ported values are either the full  ARN  of  the
                               Secrets  Manager  secret or the full ARN of the
                               parameter in the SSM Parameter Store.

                               NOTE:
                                   If the SSM Parameter Store parameter exists
                                   in  the  same  Region  as  the  task you're
                                   launching, then you can use either the full
                                   ARN or name of the parameter. If the param-
                                   eter exists in a different Region, then the
                                   full ARN must be specified.

                 healthCheck -> (structure)
                     The container health check command and associated config-
                     uration parameters for the container. This parameter maps
                     to  HealthCheck  in the Create a container section of the
                     Docker Remote API and the HEALTHCHECK parameter of docker
                     run .

                     command -> (list)
                        A  string array representing the command that the con-
                        tainer runs to determine if it is healthy. The  string
                        array must start with CMD to execute the command argu-
                        ments directly, or CMD-SHELL to run the  command  with
                        the container's default shell.

                        When  you  use the Amazon Web Services Management Con-
                        sole JSON panel, the Command Line  Interface,  or  the
                        APIs, enclose the list of commands in brackets.
                            [  "CMD-SHELL", "curl -f http://localhost/ || exit
                            1" ]

                        You don't need to include the brackets  when  you  use
                        the Amazon Web Services Management Console.
                            "CMD-SHELL", "curl -f http://localhost/ || exit 1"

                        An exit code of 0 indicates success, and non-zero exit
                        code indicates  failure.  For  more  information,  see
                        HealthCheck  in  the Create a container section of the
                        Docker Remote API .

                        (string)

                     interval -> (integer)
                        The time period in seconds between each  health  check
                        execution.  You may specify between 5 and 300 seconds.
                        The default value is 30 seconds.

                     timeout -> (integer)
                        The time period in seconds to wait for a health  check
                        to  succeed before it is considered a failure. You may
                        specify between 2 and 60 seconds. The default value is
                        5.

                     retries -> (integer)
                        The number of times to retry a failed health check be-
                        fore the container is considered  unhealthy.  You  may
                        specify between 1 and 10 retries. The default value is
                        3.

                     startPeriod -> (integer)
                        The optional grace period to provide  containers  time
                        to bootstrap before failed health checks count towards
                        the maximum number of retries. You can specify between
                        0 and 300 seconds. By default, the startPeriod is dis-
                        abled.

                        NOTE:
                            If a health check succeeds within the  startPeriod
                            , then the container is considered healthy and any
                            subsequent failures count toward the maximum  num-
                            ber of retries.

                 systemControls -> (list)
                     A list of namespaced kernel parameters to set in the con-
                     tainer. This parameter maps to Sysctls in  the  Create  a
                     container  section  of  the  Docker  Remote  API  and the
                     --sysctl option to docker run .

                     NOTE:
                        We don't recommended that you specify  network-related
                        systemControls parameters for multiple containers in a
                        single task that also uses either the awsvpc  or  host
                        network  modes.  For tasks that use the awsvpc network
                        mode, the container  that's  started  last  determines
                        which systemControls parameters take effect. For tasks
                        that use the host network mode, it  changes  the  con-
                        tainer instance's namespaced kernel parameters as well
                        as the containers.

                     (structure)
                        A list of namespaced kernel parameters to set  in  the
                        container.  This  parameter  maps  to  Sysctls  in the
                        Create a container section of the  Docker  Remote  API
                        and the --sysctl option to docker run .

                        We  don't  recommend  that you specify network-related
                        systemControls parameters for multiple containers in a
                        single  task. This task also uses either the awsvpc or
                        host network mode. It does it for the  following  rea-
                        sons.

                        o For  tasks  that use the awsvpc network mode, if you
                          set systemControls for any container, it applies  to
                          all  containers  in  the  task. If you set different
                          systemControls for multiple containers in  a  single
                          task,  the  container that's started last determines
                          which systemControls take effect.

                        o For tasks that use the host network mode,  the  sys-
                          temControls  parameter  applies to the container in-
                          stance's kernel parameter and that of all containers
                          of any tasks running on that container instance.

                        namespace -> (string)
                            The  namespaced  kernel  parameter  to set a value
                            for.

                        value -> (string)
                            The value  for  the  namespaced  kernel  parameter
                            that's specified in namespace .

                 resourceRequirements -> (list)
                     The  type  and  amount  of a resource to assign to a con-
                     tainer. The only supported resource is a GPU.

                     (structure)
                        The type and amount of a resource to assign to a  con-
                        tainer.  The  supported  resource  types  are GPUs and
                        Elastic Inference accelerators. For more  information,
                        see  Working  with  GPUs on Amazon ECS or Working with
                        Amazon Elastic Inference on Amazon ECS in  the  Amazon
                        Elastic Container Service Developer Guide

                        value -> (string)
                            The value for the specified resource type.

                            If  the  GPU type is used, the value is the number
                            of physical GPUs the Amazon  ECS  container  agent
                            reserves  for  the  container.  The number of GPUs
                            that's reserved for all containers in a task can't
                            exceed  the  number  of available GPUs on the con-
                            tainer instance that the task is launched on.

                            If the  InferenceAccelerator  type  is  used,  the
                            value  matches the deviceName for an  InferenceAc-
                            celerator specified in a task definition.

                        type -> (string)
                            The type of resource to assign to a container. The
                            supported values are GPU or InferenceAccelerator .

                 firelensConfiguration -> (structure)
                     The  FireLens  configuration  for  the container. This is
                     used to specify and configure a log router for  container
                     logs. For more information, see Custom Log Routing in the
                     Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                     type -> (string)
                        The log router to use. The valid values are fluentd or
                        fluentbit .

                     options -> (map)
                        The  options  to  use when configuring the log router.
                        This field is optional and can be used  to  specify  a
                        custom  configuration  file or to add additional meta-
                        data, such as the task, task definition, cluster,  and
                        container instance details to the log event. If speci-
                        fied,   the   syntax   to   use   is   "options":{"en-
                        able-ecs-log-metadata":"true|false","con-
                        fig-file-type:"s3|file","con-
                        fig-file-value":"arn:aws:s3:::mybucket/flu-
                        ent.conf|filepath"}  .  For  more   information,   see
                        Creating  a  Task Definition that Uses a FireLens Con-
                        figuration in the Amazon Elastic Container Service De-
                        veloper Guide .

                        NOTE:
                            Tasks hosted on Fargate only support the file con-
                            figuration file type.

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

          family -> (string)
              The name of a family that this task definition is registered to.
              Up  to  255  characters are allowed. Letters (both uppercase and
              lowercase letters), numbers, hyphens (-),  and  underscores  (_)
              are allowed.

              A  family  groups multiple versions of a task definition. Amazon
              ECS gives the first task definition that  you  registered  to  a
              family a revision number of 1. Amazon ECS gives sequential revi-
              sion numbers to each task definition that you add.

          taskRoleArn -> (string)
              The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of  the  Iden-
              tity  and  Access  Management role that grants containers in the
              task permission to call Amazon Web Services APIs on your behalf.
              For  more  information,  see  Amazon ECS Task Role in the Amazon
              Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

              IAM roles for tasks on Windows require that the  -EnableTaskIAM-
              Role option is set when you launch the Amazon ECS-optimized Win-
              dows AMI. Your containers must also run some configuration  code
              to  use the feature. For more information, see Windows IAM roles
              for tasks in the  Amazon  Elastic  Container  Service  Developer
              Guide .

          executionRoleArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the task execution role that
              grants the Amazon ECS container agent permission to make  Amazon
              Web  Services  API  calls on your behalf. The task execution IAM
              role is required depending on the requirements of your task. For
              more  information, see Amazon ECS task execution IAM role in the
              Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

          networkMode -> (string)
              The Docker networking mode to use  for  the  containers  in  the
              task.  The  valid values are none , bridge , awsvpc , and host .
              If no network mode is specified, the default is bridge .

              For Amazon ECS tasks on Fargate, the awsvpc network mode is  re-
              quired.  For Amazon ECS tasks on Amazon EC2 Linux instances, any
              network mode can be used. For Amazon ECS  tasks  on  Amazon  EC2
              Windows  instances, <default> or awsvpc can be used. If the net-
              work mode is set to none , you cannot specify port  mappings  in
              your container definitions, and the tasks containers do not have
              external connectivity. The host and awsvpc network  modes  offer
              the  highest  networking performance for containers because they
              use the EC2 network stack instead  of  the  virtualized  network
              stack provided by the bridge mode.

              With  the host and awsvpc network modes, exposed container ports
              are mapped directly to the corresponding host port (for the host
              network  mode)  or  the  attached elastic network interface port
              (for the awsvpc network mode), so you cannot take  advantage  of
              dynamic host port mappings.

              WARNING:
                 When using the host network mode, you should not run contain-
                 ers using the root user (UID 0). It is considered best  prac-
                 tice to use a non-root user.

              If the network mode is awsvpc , the task is allocated an elastic
              network interface, and you must specify a   NetworkConfiguration
              value when you create a service or run a task with the task def-
              inition. For more information, see Task Networking in the Amazon
              Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

              If the network mode is host , you cannot run multiple instantia-
              tions of the same task on a single container instance when  port
              mappings are used.

              For  more  information,  see  Network settings in the Docker run
              reference .

          revision -> (integer)
              The revision of the task in a particular family. The revision is
              a version number of a task definition in a family. When you reg-
              ister a task definition for the first time, the revision is 1  .
              Each  time that you register a new revision of a task definition
              in the same family, the revision value always increases by  one.
              This is even if you deregistered previous revisions in this fam-
              ily.

          volumes -> (list)
              The list of data volume definitions for the task. For  more  in-
              formation, see Using data volumes in tasks in the Amazon Elastic
              Container Service Developer Guide .

              NOTE:
                 The host and sourcePath parameters aren't supported for tasks
                 run on Fargate.

              (structure)
                 A  data  volume  that's  used in a task definition. For tasks
                 that use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS), specify
                 an efsVolumeConfiguration . For Windows tasks that use Amazon
                 FSx for Windows File Server file system,  specify  a  fsxWin-
                 dowsFileServerVolumeConfiguration  .  For  tasks  that  use a
                 Docker volume,  specify  a  DockerVolumeConfiguration  .  For
                 tasks  that  use a bind mount host volume, specify a host and
                 optional sourcePath . For more information,  see  Using  Data
                 Volumes in Tasks .

                 name -> (string)
                     The  name of the volume. Up to 255 letters (uppercase and
                     lowercase), numbers, underscores,  and  hyphens  are  al-
                     lowed. This name is referenced in the sourceVolume param-
                     eter of container definition mountPoints .

                 host -> (structure)
                     This parameter is specified when you use bind mount  host
                     volumes.  The  contents  of  the host parameter determine
                     whether your bind mount host volume persists on the  host
                     container instance and where it's stored. If the host pa-
                     rameter is empty, then the Docker daemon assigns  a  host
                     path  for your data volume. However, the data isn't guar-
                     anteed to persist after the containers that  are  associ-
                     ated with it stop running.

                     Windows  containers  can  mount  whole directories on the
                     same drive as $env:ProgramData . Windows containers can't
                     mount  directories  on a different drive, and mount point
                     can't be  across  drives.  For  example,  you  can  mount
                     C:\my\path:C:\my\path    and    D:\:D:\    ,    but   not
                     D:\my\path:C:\my\path or D:\:C:\my\path .

                     sourcePath -> (string)
                        When the host parameter is used, specify a  sourcePath
                        to  declare  the  path  on the host container instance
                        that's presented to the container. If  this  parameter
                        is  empty,  then the Docker daemon has assigned a host
                        path for you. If the host parameter contains  a  sour-
                        cePath file location, then the data volume persists at
                        the specified location on the host container  instance
                        until  you delete it manually. If the sourcePath value
                        doesn't exist on  the  host  container  instance,  the
                        Docker  daemon creates it. If the location does exist,
                        the contents of the source path folder are exported.

                        If you're using the Fargate  launch  type,  the  sour-
                        cePath parameter is not supported.

                 dockerVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                     This parameter is specified when you use Docker volumes.

                     Windows  containers  only  support  the  use of the local
                     driver. To use bind mounts, specify  the  host  parameter
                     instead.

                     NOTE:
                        Docker  volumes  aren't supported by tasks run on Far-
                        gate.

                     scope -> (string)
                        The scope for the Docker volume  that  determines  its
                        lifecycle.  Docker  volumes  that are scoped to a task
                        are automatically provisioned when the task starts and
                        destroyed when the task stops. Docker volumes that are
                        scoped as shared persist after the task stops.

                     autoprovision -> (boolean)
                        If this value is true , the Docker volume  is  created
                        if it doesn't already exist.

                        NOTE:
                            This field is only used if the scope is shared .

                     driver -> (string)
                        The Docker volume driver to use. The driver value must
                        match the driver name provided by Docker because it is
                        used  for  task placement. If the driver was installed
                        using the Docker plugin CLI, use docker plugin  ls  to
                        retrieve the driver name from your container instance.
                        If the driver was installed using another method,  use
                        Docker  plugin  discovery to retrieve the driver name.
                        For more information, see Docker  plugin  discovery  .
                        This  parameter  maps to Driver in the Create a volume
                        section of the Docker Remote API and the xxdriver  op-
                        tion to docker volume create .

                     driverOpts -> (map)
                        A   map   of  Docker  driver-specific  options  passed
                        through. This parameter  maps  to  DriverOpts  in  the
                        Create  a  volume section of the Docker Remote API and
                        the xxopt option to docker volume create .

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

                     labels -> (map)
                        Custom metadata to add to your Docker volume. This pa-
                        rameter  maps to Labels in the Create a volume section
                        of the Docker Remote API and  the  xxlabel  option  to
                        docker volume create .

                        key -> (string)

                        value -> (string)

                 efsVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                     This  parameter is specified when you use an Amazon Elas-
                     tic File System file system for task storage.

                     fileSystemId -> (string)
                        The Amazon EFS file system ID to use.

                     rootDirectory -> (string)
                        The directory within the Amazon  EFS  file  system  to
                        mount  as  the root directory inside the host. If this
                        parameter is omitted, the root of the Amazon EFS  vol-
                        ume  will be used. Specifying / will have the same ef-
                        fect as omitting this parameter.

                        WARNING:
                            If an EFS access point is specified in the  autho-
                            rizationConfig , the root directory parameter must
                            either be omitted or set to / which  will  enforce
                            the path set on the EFS access point.

                     transitEncryption -> (string)
                        Determines whether to enable encryption for Amazon EFS
                        data in transit between the Amazon ECS  host  and  the
                        Amazon  EFS server. Transit encryption must be enabled
                        if Amazon EFS IAM authorization is used. If  this  pa-
                        rameter  is  omitted, the default value of DISABLED is
                        used. For more information,  see  Encrypting  Data  in
                        Transit in the Amazon Elastic File System User Guide .

                     transitEncryptionPort -> (integer)
                        The  port  to  use when sending encrypted data between
                        the Amazon ECS host and the Amazon EFS server. If  you
                        do  not specify a transit encryption port, it will use
                        the port selection strategy that the Amazon EFS  mount
                        helper  uses.  For  more  information,  see  EFS Mount
                        Helper in the Amazon Elastic File System User Guide .

                     authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                        The authorization configuration details for the Amazon
                        EFS file system.

                        accessPointId -> (string)
                            The  Amazon  EFS access point ID to use. If an ac-
                            cess point is specified, the root directory  value
                            specified  in  the EFSVolumeConfiguration must ei-
                            ther be omitted or set to / which will enforce the
                            path  set  on  the  EFS access point. If an access
                            point is used, transit encryption must be  enabled
                            in  the EFSVolumeConfiguration . For more informa-
                            tion, see Working with Amazon EFS Access Points in
                            the Amazon Elastic File System User Guide .

                        iam -> (string)
                            Determines  whether to use the Amazon ECS task IAM
                            role defined in a task  definition  when  mounting
                            the  Amazon  EFS  file system. If enabled, transit
                            encryption must be enabled in the EFSVolumeConfig-
                            uration  .  If  this parameter is omitted, the de-
                            fault value of DISABLED is used. For more informa-
                            tion,  see  Using  Amazon EFS Access Points in the
                            Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 fsxWindowsFileServerVolumeConfiguration -> (structure)
                     This parameter is specified when you use Amazon  FSx  for
                     Windows File Server file system for task storage.

                     fileSystemId -> (string)
                        The  Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system ID
                        to use.

                     rootDirectory -> (string)
                        The directory within the Amazon FSx for  Windows  File
                        Server  file system to mount as the root directory in-
                        side the host.

                     authorizationConfig -> (structure)
                        The authorization configuration details for the Amazon
                        FSx for Windows File Server file system.

                        credentialsParameter -> (string)
                            The  authorization  credential  option to use. The
                            authorization credential options can  be  provided
                            using  either the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an
                            Secrets Manager secret or SSM Parameter Store  pa-
                            rameter. The ARNs refer to the stored credentials.

                        domain -> (string)
                            A   fully  qualified  domain  name  hosted  by  an
                            Directory Service Managed Microsoft AD (Active Di-
                            rectory) or self-hosted AD on Amazon EC2.

          status -> (string)
              The status of the task definition.

          requiresAttributes -> (list)
              The container instance attributes required by your task. When an
              Amazon EC2 instance is registered to your  cluster,  the  Amazon
              ECS  container agent assigns some standard attributes to the in-
              stance. You can apply custom attributes. These are specified  as
              key-value  pairs  using  the  Amazon  ECS console or the  PutAt-
              tributes API. These attributes are used  when  determining  task
              placement for tasks hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. For more in-
              formation, see Attributes in the Amazon Elastic  Container  Ser-
              vice Developer Guide .

              NOTE:
                 This parameter isn't supported for tasks run on Fargate.

              (structure)
                 An  attribute  is a name-value pair that's associated with an
                 Amazon ECS object. Attributes enable you to extend the Amazon
                 ECS  data  model by adding custom metadata to your resources.
                 For more information, see Attributes in  the  Amazon  Elastic
                 Container Service Developer Guide .

                 name -> (string)
                     The  name of the attribute. The name must contain between
                     1 and 128 characters. The name may contain  letters  (up-
                     percase and lowercase), numbers, hyphens (-), underscores
                     (_), forward slashes (/), back  slashes  (),  or  periods
                     (.).

                 value -> (string)
                     The  value  of  the attribute. The value must contain be-
                     tween 1 and 128 characters. It can contain  letters  (up-
                     percase and lowercase), numbers, hyphens (-), underscores
                     (_), periods (.), at signs (@), forward slashes (/), back
                     slashes  (), colons (:), or spaces. The value can't can't
                     start or end with a space.

                 targetType -> (string)
                     The type of the target to attach the attribute with. This
                     parameter  is required if you use the short form ID for a
                     resource instead of the full ARN.

                 targetId -> (string)
                     The ID of the target. You can specify the short  form  ID
                     for a resource or the full Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

          placementConstraints -> (list)
              An array of placement constraint objects to use for tasks.

              NOTE:
                 This parameter isn't supported for tasks run on Fargate.

              (structure)
                 An  object representing a constraint on task placement in the
                 task definition. For more  information,  see  Task  placement
                 constraints in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer
                 Guide .

                 NOTE:
                     Task placement constraints aren't supported for tasks run
                     on Fargate.

                 type -> (string)
                     The type of constraint. The MemberOf constraint restricts
                     selection to be from a group of valid candidates.

                 expression -> (string)
                     A cluster query language expression to apply to the  con-
                     straint. For more information, see Cluster query language
                     in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

          compatibilities -> (list)
              The task launch types the task definition validated against dur-
              ing  task  definition  registration.  For  more information, see
              Amazon ECS launch types in the Amazon Elastic Container  Service
              Developer Guide .

              (string)

          runtimePlatform -> (structure)
              The  operating system that your task definitions are running on.
              A platform family is specified only for tasks using the  Fargate
              launch type.

              When  you specify a task in a service, this value must match the
              runtimePlatform value of the service.

              cpuArchitecture -> (string)
                 The CPU architecture.

                 You can run your Linux tasks on an ARM-based platform by set-
                 ting  the  value to ARM64 . This option is avaiable for tasks
                 that run on Linuc Amazon EC2 instance or Linux containers  on
                 Fargate.

              operatingSystemFamily -> (string)
                 The operating system.

          requiresCompatibilities -> (list)
              The task launch types the task definition was validated against.
              To determine which task launch types the task definition is val-
              idated for, see the  TaskDefinition$compatibilities parameter.

              (string)

          cpu -> (string)
              The  number  of  cpu  units used by the task. If you use the EC2
              launch type, this field is optional. Any value can be  used.  If
              you  use  the  Fargate  launch type, this field is required. You
              must use one of the following values. The value that you  choose
              determines your range of valid values for the memory parameter.

              The  CPU  units  cannot be less than 1 vCPU when you use Windows
              containers on Fargate.

              o 256 (.25 vCPU) - Available memory values: 512 (0.5  GB),  1024
                (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB)

              o 512  (.5 vCPU) - Available memory values: 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2
                GB), 3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB)

              o 1024 (1 vCPU) - Available memory values: 2048 (2 GB), 3072  (3
                GB),  4096 (4 GB), 5120 (5 GB), 6144 (6 GB), 7168 (7 GB), 8192
                (8 GB)

              o 2048 (2 vCPU) - Available memory values: Between 4096  (4  GB)
                and 16384 (16 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)

              o 4096  (4  vCPU) - Available memory values: Between 8192 (8 GB)
                and 30720 (30 GB) in increments of 1024 (1 GB)

          memory -> (string)
              The amount (in MiB) of memory used by the task.

              If your tasks runs on Amazon EC2 instances, you must specify ei-
              ther  a  task-level  memory  value  or  a container-level memory
              value. This field is optional and any value can be  used.  If  a
              task-level memory value is specified, the container-level memory
              value  is  optional.  For  more   information   regarding   con-
              tainer-level     memory     and    memory    reservation,    see
              ContainerDefinition .

              If your tasks runs on Fargate, this field is required. You  must
              use one of the following values. The value you choose determines
              your range of valid values for the cpu parameter.

              o 512 (0.5 GB), 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB) - Available cpu values:
                256 (.25 vCPU)

              o 1024 (1 GB), 2048 (2 GB), 3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB) - Available
                cpu values: 512 (.5 vCPU)

              o 2048 (2 GB), 3072 (3 GB), 4096 (4 GB), 5120 (5  GB),  6144  (6
                GB),  7168 (7 GB), 8192 (8 GB) - Available cpu values: 1024 (1
                vCPU)

              o Between 4096 (4 GB) and 16384 (16 GB) in increments of 1024 (1
                GB) - Available cpu values: 2048 (2 vCPU)

              o Between 8192 (8 GB) and 30720 (30 GB) in increments of 1024 (1
                GB) - Available cpu values: 4096 (4 vCPU)

          inferenceAccelerators -> (list)
              The Elastic Inference accelerator  that's  associated  with  the
              task.

              (structure)
                 Details  on an Elastic Inference accelerator. For more infor-
                 mation, see Working with Amazon Elastic Inference  on  Amazon
                 ECS in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide .

                 deviceName -> (string)
                     The  Elastic Inference accelerator device name. The devi-
                     ceName must also be referenced in a container  definition
                     as a  ResourceRequirement .

                 deviceType -> (string)
                     The Elastic Inference accelerator type to use.

          pidMode -> (string)
              The process namespace to use for the containers in the task. The
              valid values are host or task . If host is specified,  then  all
              containers  within the tasks that specified the host PID mode on
              the same container instance share  the  same  process  namespace
              with  the  host  Amazon  EC2 instance. If task is specified, all
              containers within the specified  task  share  the  same  process
              namespace.  If  no  value is specified, the default is a private
              namespace. For more information, see PID settings in the  Docker
              run reference .

              If  the  host PID mode is used, be aware that there is a height-
              ened risk of undesired process namespace expose. For more infor-
              mation, see Docker security .

              NOTE:
                 This  parameter  is  not  supported for Windows containers or
                 tasks run on Fargate.

          ipcMode -> (string)
              The IPC resource namespace to use  for  the  containers  in  the
              task.  The  valid  values are host , task , or none . If host is
              specified, then all containers within the tasks  that  specified
              the  host IPC mode on the same container instance share the same
              IPC resources with the host Amazon  EC2  instance.  If  task  is
              specified,  all  containers  within the specified task share the
              same IPC resources. If none is  specified,  then  IPC  resources
              within  the containers of a task are private and not shared with
              other containers in a task or on the container instance.  If  no
              value  is specified, then the IPC resource namespace sharing de-
              pends on the Docker daemon setting on  the  container  instance.
              For  more information, see IPC settings in the Docker run refer-
              ence .

              If the host IPC mode is used, be aware that there is  a  height-
              ened  risk  of undesired IPC namespace expose. For more informa-
              tion, see Docker security .

              If you are setting namespaced kernel parameters using systemCon-
              trols  for  the containers in the task, the following will apply
              to your IPC resource namespace. For more information, see System
              Controls in the Amazon Elastic Container Service Developer Guide
              .

              o For tasks that use the host IPC mode,  IPC  namespace  related
                systemControls are not supported.

              o For  tasks  that  use the task IPC mode, IPC namespace related
                systemControls will apply to all containers within a task.

              NOTE:
                 This parameter is not supported  for  Windows  containers  or
                 tasks run on Fargate.

          proxyConfiguration -> (structure)
              The configuration details for the App Mesh proxy.

              Your  Amazon  ECS  container  instances require at least version
              1.26.0 of the container agent and at least version  1.26.0-1  of
              the  ecs-init  package  to enable a proxy configuration. If your
              container instances are launched from the Amazon  ECS  optimized
              AMI  version  20190301  or later, they contain the required ver-
              sions of the container agent and ecs-init .  For  more  informa-
              tion,  see  Amazon ECS-optimized Linux AMI in the Amazon Elastic
              Container Service Developer Guide .

              type -> (string)
                 The proxy type. The only supported value is APPMESH .

              containerName -> (string)
                 The name of the container that will serve  as  the  App  Mesh
                 proxy.

              properties -> (list)
                 The  set  of  network configuration parameters to provide the
                 Container  Network  Interface  (CNI)  plugin,  specified   as
                 key-value pairs.

                 o IgnoredUID - (Required) The user ID (UID) of the proxy con-
                   tainer as defined by the user parameter in a container def-
                   inition.  This  is used to ensure the proxy ignores its own
                   traffic. If IgnoredGID is  specified,  this  field  can  be
                   empty.

                 o IgnoredGID  -  (Required)  The  group ID (GID) of the proxy
                   container as defined by the user parameter in  a  container
                   definition.  This  is  used to ensure the proxy ignores its
                   own traffic. If IgnoredUID is specified, this field can  be
                   empty.

                 o AppPorts  -  (Required) The list of ports that the applica-
                   tion uses. Network traffic to these ports is  forwarded  to
                   the ProxyIngressPort and ProxyEgressPort .

                 o ProxyIngressPort  -  (Required) Specifies the port that in-
                   coming traffic to the AppPorts is directed to.

                 o ProxyEgressPort - (Required) Specifies the port that outgo-
                   ing traffic from the AppPorts is directed to.

                 o EgressIgnoredPorts - (Required) The egress traffic going to
                   the specified ports is ignored and not  redirected  to  the
                   ProxyEgressPort . It can be an empty list.

                 o EgressIgnoredIPs  -  (Required) The egress traffic going to
                   the specified IP addresses is ignored and not redirected to
                   the ProxyEgressPort . It can be an empty list.

                 (structure)
                     A key-value pair object.

                     name -> (string)
                        The  name of the key-value pair. For environment vari-
                        ables, this is the name of the environment variable.

                     value -> (string)
                        The value of the key-value pair. For environment vari-
                        ables, this is the value of the environment variable.

          registeredAt -> (timestamp)
              The  Unix  timestamp  for  the time when the task definition was
              registered.

          deregisteredAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix timestamp for the time when  the  task  definition  was
              deregistered.

          registeredBy -> (string)
              The principal that registered the task definition.

          ephemeralStorage -> (structure)
              The  ephemeral  storage  settings  to use for tasks run with the
              task definition.

              sizeInGiB -> (integer)
                 The total amount, in GiB, of ephemeral storage to set for the
                 task.  The  minimum supported value is 21 GiB and the maximum
                 supported value is 200 GiB.

       tags -> (list)
          The list of tags associated with the task definition.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and  organize  them.  Each tag consists of a key and an optional
              value. You define them.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

              o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and  each  tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and
                resources, remember that other services may have  restrictions
                on  allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are: let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of such as a prefix for either keys or values  as  it  is  re-
                served  for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or delete
                tag keys or values with this prefix. Tags with this prefix  do
                not count against your tags per resource limit.

              key -> (string)
                 One  part  of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key is a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              value -> (string)
                 The  optional  part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).



                                                    REGISTER-TASK-DEFINITION()
