TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  tags  to  a resource with the specified re-
       sourceArn . If existing tags on a resource aren't specified in the  re-
       quest  parameters, they aren't changed. When a resource is deleted, the
       tags that are associated with that resource are deleted as well.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to add tags to.  Cur-
          rently,  the  supported resources are Amazon ECS capacity providers,
          tasks, services,  task  definitions,  clusters,  and  container  in-
          stances.

       --tags (list)
          The  tags  to  add  to  the resource. A tag is an array of key-value
          pairs.

          The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

          o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

          o For each resource, each tag key must be unique, and each  tag  key
            can have only one value.

          o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o If  your  tagging  schema is used across multiple services and re-
            sources, remember that other services may have restrictions on al-
            lowed  characters. Generally allowed characters are: letters, num-
            bers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following charac-
            ters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

          o Do  not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination of
            such as a prefix for either keys or values as it is  reserved  for
            Amazon  Web  Services  use.  You cannot edit or delete tag keys or
            values with this prefix.  Tags  with  this  prefix  do  not  count
            against your tags per resource limit.

          (structure)
              The metadata that you apply to a resource to help you categorize
              and organize them. Each tag consists of a key  and  an  optional
              value. You define them.

              The following basic restrictions apply to tags:

              o Maximum number of tags per resource - 50

              o For  each  resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag
                key can have only one value.

              o Maximum key length - 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o Maximum value length - 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

              o If your tagging schema is used across  multiple  services  and
                resources,  remember that other services may have restrictions
                on allowed characters. Generally allowed characters are:  let-
                ters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the fol-
                lowing characters: + - = . _ : / @.

              o Tag keys and values are case-sensitive.

              o Do not use aws: , AWS: , or any upper or lowercase combination
                of  such  as  a  prefix for either keys or values as it is re-
                served for Amazon Web Services use. You cannot edit or  delete
                tag  keys or values with this prefix. Tags with this prefix do
                not count against your tags per resource limit.

              key -> (string)
                 One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A key  is  a
                 general label that acts like a category for more specific tag
                 values.

              value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a  tag.  A
                 value acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To tag a resource

       The  following  tag-resource example adds a single tag to the specified
       resource.

          aws ecs tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster/MyCluster
              --tags key=key1,value=value1

       This command produces no output.

       To add multiple tags to a resource

       The following tag-resource example adds multiple tags to the  specified
       resource.

          aws ecs tag-resource \
          --resource-arn arn:aws:ecs:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster/MyCluster \
          --tags key=key1,value=value1 key=key2,value=value2 key=key3,value=value3

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
