CREATE-STREAM()                                                CREATE-STREAM()



NAME
       create-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  Kinesis  data stream. A stream captures and transports data
       records that are continuously emitted from different  data  sources  or
       producers  . Scale-out within a stream is explicitly supported by means
       of shards, which are uniquely identified groups of data  records  in  a
       stream.

       You  specify and control the number of shards that a stream is composed
       of. Each shard can support reads up to five transactions per second, up
       to  a  maximum data read total of 2 MiB per second. Each shard can sup-
       port writes up to 1,000 records per second, up to a maximum data  write
       total of 1 MiB per second. If the amount of data input increases or de-
       creases, you can add or remove shards.

       The stream name identifies the stream. The name is scoped to the Amazon
       Web Services account used by the application. It is also scoped by Ama-
       zon Web Services Region. That is, two streams in two different accounts
       can have the same name, and two streams in the same account, but in two
       different Regions, can have the same name.
          CreateStream is an asynchronous operation. Upon receiving  a  Creat-
          eStream  request,  Kinesis Data Streams immediately returns and sets
          the stream status to CREATING . After the stream is created, Kinesis
          Data  Streams  sets the stream status to ACTIVE . You should perform
          read and write operations only on an ACTIVE stream.

       You receive a LimitExceededException when making a CreateStream request
       when you try to do one of the following:

       o Have  more  than  five  streams in the CREATING state at any point in
         time.

       o Create more shards than are authorized for your account.

       For the default shard limit for an Amazon  Web  Services  account,  see
       Amazon  Kinesis  Data Streams Limits in the Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
       Developer Guide . To increase this limit, contact Amazon  Web  Services
       Support .

       You can use  DescribeStreamSummary to check the stream status, which is
       returned in StreamStatus .
          CreateStream has a limit of five transactions  per  second  per  ac-
          count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-stream
          --stream-name <value>
          [--shard-count <value>]
          [--stream-mode-details <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          A name to identify the stream. The stream name is scoped to the Ama-
          zon Web Services account used by the application  that  creates  the
          stream.  It  is  also scoped by Amazon Web Services Region. That is,
          two streams in two different Amazon Web Services accounts  can  have
          the  same  name. Two streams in the same Amazon Web Services account
          but in two different Regions can also have the same name.

       --shard-count (integer)
          The number of shards that the stream will use. The throughput of the
          stream  is  a  function of the number of shards; more shards are re-
          quired for greater provisioned throughput.

       --stream-mode-details (structure)
          Indicates the capacity mode of the data stream. Currently, in  Kine-
          sis  Data Streams, you can choose between an on-demand capacity mode
          and a provisioned capacity mode for your data streams.

          StreamMode -> (string)
              Specifies the capacity mode to which you want to set  your  data
              stream.  Currently,  in Kinesis Data Streams, you can choose be-
              tween an on-demand capacity mode and a provisioned capacity mode
              for your data streams.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          StreamMode=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "StreamMode": "PROVISIONED"|"ON_DEMAND"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create a data stream

       The following create-stream example creates a data  stream  named  sam-
       plestream with 3 shards.

          aws kinesis create-stream \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --shard-count 3

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Creating a Stream in the Amazon Kinesis Data
       Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               CREATE-STREAM()
