DECREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()          DECREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()



NAME
       decrease-stream-retention-period -

DESCRIPTION
       Decreases  the  Kinesis  data  stream's  retention period, which is the
       length of time data records are accessible after they are added to  the
       stream. The minimum value of a stream's retention period is 24 hours.

       This  operation  may  result in lost data. For example, if the stream's
       retention period is 48 hours and is decreased to 24 hours, any data al-
       ready in the stream that is older than 24 hours is inaccessible.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            decrease-stream-retention-period
          --stream-name <value>
          --retention-period-hours <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream to modify.

       --retention-period-hours (integer)
          The  new retention period of the stream, in hours. Must be less than
          the current retention period.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To decrease data stream retention period

       The  following  decrease-stream-retention-period  example decreases the
       retention period (the length of time data records are accessible  after
       they  are  added  to  the  stream) of a stream named samplestream to 48
       hours.

          aws kinesis decrease-stream-retention-period \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --retention-period-hours 48

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Changing the Data  Retention  Period  in  the
       Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DECREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()
