DEREGISTER-STREAM-CONSUMER()                      DEREGISTER-STREAM-CONSUMER()



NAME
       deregister-stream-consumer -

DESCRIPTION
       To  deregister a consumer, provide its ARN. Alternatively, you can pro-
       vide the ARN of the data stream and the name you gave the consumer when
       you  registered  it. You may also provide all three parameters, as long
       as they don't conflict with each other. If you don't know the  name  or
       ARN of the consumer that you want to deregister, you can use the  List-
       StreamConsumers operation to get a list of the descriptions of all  the
       consumers  that  are currently registered with a given data stream. The
       description of a consumer contains its name and ARN.

       This operation has a limit of five transactions per second per stream.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-stream-consumer
          [--stream-arn <value>]
          [--consumer-name <value>]
          [--consumer-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Kinesis data stream that the consumer  is  registered
          with.  For  more  information,  see Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and
          Amazon Web Services Service Namespaces .

       --consumer-name (string)
          The name that you gave to the consumer.

       --consumer-arn (string)
          The ARN returned by Kinesis Data Streams  when  you  registered  the
          consumer. If you don't know the ARN of the consumer that you want to
          deregister, you can use the ListStreamConsumers operation to  get  a
          list  of  the  descriptions  of all the consumers that are currently
          registered with a given data stream. The description of  a  consumer
          contains its ARN.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister a data stream consumer

       The following deregister-stream-consumer example deregisters the speci-
       fied consumer from the specified data stream.

          aws kinesis deregister-stream-consumer \
              --stream-arn arn:aws:kinesis:us-west-2:123456789012:stream/samplestream \
              --consumer-name KinesisConsumerApplication

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Developing Consumers  with  Enhanced  Fan-Out
       Using  the  Kinesis Data Streams API in the Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                  DEREGISTER-STREAM-CONSUMER()
