INCREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()          INCREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()



NAME
       increase-stream-retention-period -

DESCRIPTION
       Increases  the  Kinesis  data  stream's  retention period, which is the
       length of time data records are accessible after they are added to  the
       stream.  The maximum value of a stream's retention period is 8760 hours
       (365 days).

       If you choose a longer stream  retention  period,  this  operation  in-
       creases  the time period during which records that have not yet expired
       are accessible. However, it does not make previous, expired data (older
       than the stream's previous retention period) accessible after the oper-
       ation has been called. For example, if a stream's retention  period  is
       set  to  24 hours and is increased to 168 hours, any data that is older
       than 24 hours remains inaccessible to consumer applications.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            increase-stream-retention-period
          --stream-name <value>
          --retention-period-hours <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream to modify.

       --retention-period-hours (integer)
          The new retention period of the stream, in hours. Must be more  than
          the current retention period.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To increase data stream retention period

       The  following  increase-stream-retention-period  example increases the
       retention period (the length of time data records are accessible  after
       they are added to the stream) of the specified stream to 168 hours.

          aws kinesis increase-stream-retention-period \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --retention-period-hours 168

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Changing the Data Retention Period in the
       Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            INCREASE-STREAM-RETENTION-PERIOD()
