REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-STREAM()                            REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-STREAM()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  tags  from the specified Kinesis data stream. Removed tags are
       deleted and cannot be recovered after this operation successfully  com-
       pletes.

       If you specify a tag that does not exist, it is ignored.
          RemoveTagsFromStream has a limit of five transactions per second per
          account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-stream
          --stream-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag keys. Each  corresponding  tag  is  removed  from  the
          stream.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from a data stream

       The  following remove-tags-from-stream example removes the tag with the
       specified key from the specified data stream.

          aws kinesis remove-tags-from-stream \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --tag-keys samplekey

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging Your Streams in  the  Amazon  Kinesis
       Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-STREAM()
