START-STREAM-ENCRYPTION()                            START-STREAM-ENCRYPTION()



NAME
       start-stream-encryption -

DESCRIPTION
       Enables  or updates server-side encryption using an Amazon Web Services
       KMS key for a specified stream.

       Starting encryption is an asynchronous operation.  Upon  receiving  the
       request,  Kinesis  Data Streams returns immediately and sets the status
       of the stream to UPDATING . After the update is complete, Kinesis  Data
       Streams  sets the status of the stream back to ACTIVE . Updating or ap-
       plying encryption normally takes a few seconds to complete, but it  can
       take  minutes.  You  can continue to read and write data to your stream
       while its status is UPDATING . Once the status of the stream is  ACTIVE
       , encryption begins for records written to the stream.

       API  Limits:  You  can successfully apply a new Amazon Web Services KMS
       key for server-side encryption 25 times in a rolling 24-hour period.

       Note: It can take up to 5 seconds after the stream is in an ACTIVE sta-
       tus  before  all records written to the stream are encrypted. After you
       enable encryption, you can verify that encryption  is  applied  by  in-
       specting the API response from PutRecord or PutRecords .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-stream-encryption
          --stream-name <value>
          --encryption-type <value>
          --key-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream for which to start encrypting records.

       --encryption-type (string)
          The encryption type to use. The only valid value is KMS .

          Possible values:

          o NONE

          o KMS

       --key-id (string)
          The GUID for the customer-managed Amazon Web Services KMS key to use
          for encryption. This value can be a globally  unique  identifier,  a
          fully  specified  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to either an alias or a
          key, or an alias name prefixed by "alias/".You can also use a master
          key  owned by Kinesis Data Streams by specifying the alias aws/kine-
          sis .

          o Key                          ARN                          example:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:123456789012:key/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

          o Alias                         ARN                         example:
            arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:123456789012:alias/MyAliasName

          o Globally          unique          key          ID         example:
            12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012

          o Alias name example: alias/MyAliasName

          o Master key owned by Kinesis Data Streams: alias/aws/kinesis

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable data stream encryption

       The following start-stream-encryption example enables  server-side  en-
       cryption for the specified stream, using the specified AWS KMS key.

          aws kinesis start-stream-encryption \
              --encryption-type KMS \
              --key-id arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:012345678912:key/a3c4a7cd-728b-45dd-b334-4d3eb496e452 \
              --stream-name samplestream

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Data  Protection  in  Amazon Kinesis Data
       Streams in the Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     START-STREAM-ENCRYPTION()
