UPDATE-SHARD-COUNT()                                      UPDATE-SHARD-COUNT()



NAME
       update-shard-count -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the shard count of the specified stream to the specified number
       of shards.

       Updating the shard count is an asynchronous operation.  Upon  receiving
       the request, Kinesis Data Streams returns immediately and sets the sta-
       tus of the stream to UPDATING . After the update is  complete,  Kinesis
       Data  Streams  sets the status of the stream back to ACTIVE . Depending
       on the size of the stream, the scaling action could take a few  minutes
       to  complete.  You  can  continue to read and write data to your stream
       while its status is UPDATING .

       To update the shard count, Kinesis  Data  Streams  performs  splits  or
       merges  on  individual  shards. This can cause short-lived shards to be
       created, in addition to the  final  shards.  These  short-lived  shards
       count towards your total shard limit for your account in the Region.

       When using this operation, we recommend that you specify a target shard
       count that is a multiple of 25% (25%, 50%, 75%, 100%). You can  specify
       any  target  value  within  your shard limit. However, if you specify a
       target that isn't a multiple of 25%,  the  scaling  action  might  take
       longer to complete.

       This operation has the following default limits. By default, you cannot
       do the following:

       o Scale more than ten times per rolling 24-hour period per stream

       o Scale up to more than double your current shard count for a stream

       o Scale down below half your current shard count for a stream

       o Scale up to more than 10000 shards in a stream

       o Scale a stream with more than 10000 shards down unless the result  is
         less than 10000 shards

       o Scale up to more than the shard limit for your account

       For  the default limits for an Amazon Web Services account, see Streams
       Limits in the Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Developer Guide . To  request
       an  increase  in  the call rate limit, the shard limit for this API, or
       your overall shard limit, use the limits form .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-shard-count
          --stream-name <value>
          --target-shard-count <value>
          --scaling-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The name of the stream.

       --target-shard-count (integer)
          The new number of shards. This value has the following default  lim-
          its. By default, you cannot do the following:

          o Set  this value to more than double your current shard count for a
            stream.

          o Set this value below half your current shard count for a stream.

          o Set this value to more than 10000 shards in a stream (the  default
            limit for shard count per stream is 10000 per account per region),
            unless you request a limit increase.

          o Scale a stream with more than 10000 shards  down  unless  you  set
            this value to less than 10000 shards.

       --scaling-type (string)
          The scaling type. Uniform scaling creates shards of equal size.

          Possible values:

          o UNIFORM_SCALING

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the shard count in a data stream

       The following update-shard-count example updates the shard count of the
       specified data stream to 6. This example uses  uniform  scaling,  which
       creates shards of equal size.

          aws kinesis update-shard-count \
              --stream-name samplestream \
              --scaling-type UNIFORM_SCALING \
              --target-shard-count 6

       Output:

          {
              "StreamName": "samplestream",
              "CurrentShardCount": 3,
              "TargetShardCount": 6
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Resharding a Stream in the Amazon Kinesis
       Data Streams Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       StreamName -> (string)
          The name of the stream.

       CurrentShardCount -> (integer)
          The current number of shards.

       TargetShardCount -> (integer)
          The updated number of shards.



                                                          UPDATE-SHARD-COUNT()
