UPDATE-STREAM-MODE()                                      UPDATE-STREAM-MODE()



NAME
       update-stream-mode -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  capacity  mode  of the data stream. Currently, in Kinesis
       Data Streams, you can choose between an on-demand capacity mode  and  a
       provisioned capacity mode for your data stream.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-stream-mode
          --stream-arn <value>
          --stream-mode-details <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-arn (string)
          Specifies the ARN of the data stream whose capacity mode you want to
          update.

       --stream-mode-details (structure)
          Specifies the capacity mode to which  you  want  to  set  your  data
          stream.  Currently,  in Kinesis Data Streams, you can choose between
          an on-demand capacity mode and a provisioned capacity mode for  your
          data streams.

          StreamMode -> (string)
              Specifies  the  capacity mode to which you want to set your data
              stream. Currently, in Kinesis Data Streams, you can  choose  be-
              tween an on-demand capacity mode and a provisioned capacity mode
              for your data streams.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          StreamMode=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "StreamMode": "PROVISIONED"|"ON_DEMAND"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          UPDATE-STREAM-MODE()
