ARCHIVE-FINDINGS()                                          ARCHIVE-FINDINGS()



NAME
       archive-findings -

DESCRIPTION
       Archives  GuardDuty  findings that are specified by the list of finding
       IDs.

       NOTE:
          Only the administrator account can archive findings. Member accounts
          don't have permission to archive findings from their accounts.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            archive-findings
          --detector-id <value>
          --finding-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The  ID  of  the detector that specifies the GuardDuty service whose
          findings you want to archive.

       --finding-ids (list)
          The IDs of the findings that you want to archive.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To archive findings in the current region

       This example shows how to archive findings in the current region.

          aws guardduty archive-findings \
              --detector-id 12abc34d567e8fa901bc2d34eexample \
              --finding-ids d6b94fb03a66ff665f7db8764example 3eb970e0de00c16ec14e6910fexample

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing GuardDuty Accounts by Invitation  in
       the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            ARCHIVE-FINDINGS()
