CREATE-SAMPLE-FINDINGS()                              CREATE-SAMPLE-FINDINGS()



NAME
       create-sample-findings -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  example  findings  of types specified by the list of finding
       types. If 'NULL' is specified for findingTypes , the API generates  ex-
       ample findings of all supported finding types.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-sample-findings
          --detector-id <value>
          [--finding-types <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The ID of the detector to create sample findings for.

       --finding-types (list)
          The types of sample findings to generate.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create sample GuardDuty findings in the current region.

       This  example  shows  how  to  create  a sample finding of the provided
       types.

          aws guardduty create-sample-findings \
              --detector-id b6b992d6d2f48e64bc59180bfexample \
              --finding-types UnauthorizedAccess:EC2/TorClient UnauthorizedAccess:EC2/TorRelay

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Sample findings in the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      CREATE-SAMPLE-FINDINGS()
