DECLINE-INVITATIONS()                                    DECLINE-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       decline-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Declines  invitations  sent to the current member account by Amazon Web
       Services accounts specified by their account IDs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            decline-invitations
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          A list of account IDs of the Amazon Web Services accounts that  sent
          invitations  to  the current member account that you want to decline
          invitations from.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To decline an invitation to have Guardduty managed by  another  account
       in the current region.

       This example shows how to decline a membership invitation.

          aws guardduty decline-invitations \
              --account-ids 111122223333

       Output:

          {
              "UnprocessedAccounts": []
          }

       For  more information, see Managing GuardDuty accounts by invitation in
       the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          A list of objects that contain the unprocessed account and a  result
          string that explains why it was unprocessed.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the accounts that weren't processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID.

              Result -> (string)
                 A reason why the account hasn't been processed.



                                                         DECLINE-INVITATIONS()
