DELETE-INVITATIONS()                                      DELETE-INVITATIONS()



NAME
       delete-invitations -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  invitations  sent  to the current member account by Amazon Web
       Services accounts specified by their account IDs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-invitations
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-ids (list)
          A list of account IDs of the Amazon Web Services accounts that  sent
          invitations  to  the  current member account that you want to delete
          invitations from.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          A  list of objects that contain the unprocessed account and a result
          string that explains why it was unprocessed.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the accounts that weren't processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID.

              Result -> (string)
                 A reason why the account hasn't been processed.



                                                          DELETE-INVITATIONS()
