DELETE-DETECTOR()                                            DELETE-DETECTOR()



NAME
       delete-detector -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an Amazon GuardDuty detector that is specified by the detector
       ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-detector
          --detector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a detector, and disable GuardDuty, in the current region.

       This example shows how to delete a detector, if successful,  this  will
       disable GuardDuty in the region associated with that detector.

          aws guardduty delete-detector \
              --detector-id b6b992d6d2f48e64bc59180bfexample

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Suspending  or disabling GuardDuty in the
       GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-DETECTOR()
