DELETE-FILTER()                                                DELETE-FILTER()



NAME
       delete-filter -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the filter specified by the filter name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-filter
          --detector-id <value>
          --filter-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector that the filter is associated with.

       --filter-name (string)
          The name of the filter that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an existing filter in the current region

       This example shows how to create delete a filter.

          aws guardduty delete-filter \
              --detector-id b6b992d6d2f48e64bc59180bfexample \
              --filter-name byebyeFilter

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Filtering  findings in the GuardDuty User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-FILTER()
