DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()    DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-organization-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about the account selected as the delegated admin-
       istrator for GuardDuty.

       There might be regional differences because some data sources might not
       be  available in all the Amazon Web Services Regions where GuardDuty is
       presently supported. For more information, see Regions and endpoints .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            describe-organization-configuration
          --detector-id <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The ID of the detector to retrieve information about  the  delegated
          administrator from.

       --max-results (integer)
          You  can  use this parameter to indicate the maximum number of items
          that you want in the response.

       --next-token (string)
          You can use this parameter when paginating results. Set the value of
          this  parameter  to  null on your first call to the list action. For
          subsequent calls to the action, fill nextToken in the  request  with
          the  value of NextToken from the previous response to continue list-
          ing data.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       AutoEnable -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  GuardDuty  is automatically enabled for accounts
          added to the organization.

          Even though this is still supported, we recommend using  AutoEnable-
          OrganizationMembers to achieve the similar results.

       MemberAccountLimitReached -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether the maximum number of allowed member accounts are
          already associated with the delegated administrator account for your
          organization.

       DataSources -> (structure)
          Describes  which  data  sources are enabled automatically for member
          accounts.

          S3Logs -> (structure)
              Describes whether S3 data event  logs  are  enabled  as  a  data
              source.

              AutoEnable -> (boolean)
                 A  value  that describes whether S3 data event logs are auto-
                 matically enabled for new members of the organization.

          Kubernetes -> (structure)
              Describes the configuration of Kubernetes data sources.

              AuditLogs -> (structure)
                 The current configuration of Kubernetes audit logs as a  data
                 source for the organization.

                 AutoEnable -> (boolean)
                     Whether  Kubernetes  audit  logs  data  source  should be
                     auto-enabled for new members joining the organization.

          MalwareProtection -> (structure)
              Describes the configuration of Malware  Protection  data  source
              for an organization.

              ScanEc2InstanceWithFindings -> (structure)
                 Describes  the  configuration for scanning EC2 instances with
                 findings for an organization.

                 EbsVolumes -> (structure)
                     Describes the configuration for scanning EBS volumes  for
                     an organization.

                     AutoEnable -> (boolean)
                        An object that contains the status of whether scanning
                        EBS volumes should be  auto-enabled  for  new  members
                        joining the organization.

       Features -> (list)
          A list of features that are configured for this organization.

          (structure)
              A  list  of  features which will be configured for the organiza-
              tion.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the feature that is configured for the member ac-
                 counts within the organization.

              AutoEnable -> (string)
                 Describes  the  status  of the feature that is configured for
                 the member accounts within the organization.

                 o NEW : Indicates that when a new account joins the organiza-
                   tion, they will have the feature enabled automatically.

                 o ALL  : Indicates that all accounts in the organization have
                   the feature enabled automatically. This  includes  NEW  ac-
                   counts  that  join  the  organization and accounts that may
                   have been suspended or removed  from  the  organization  in
                   GuardDuty.

                 o NONE : Indicates that the feature will not be automatically
                   enabled for any account in the organization. In this  case,
                   each  account  will be managed individually by the adminis-
                   trator.

              AdditionalConfiguration -> (list)
                 The additional configuration that is configured for the  mem-
                 ber accounts within the organization.

                 (structure)
                     A  list of additional configuration which will be config-
                     ured for the organization.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name of the additional configuration that is  con-
                        figured  for  the member accounts within the organiza-
                        tion.

                     AutoEnable -> (string)
                        Describes the status of the  additional  configuration
                        that  is configured for the member accounts within the
                        organization. One of the following values is the  sta-
                        tus for the entire organization:

                        o NEW  :  Indicates  that when a new account joins the
                          organization, they will have the additional configu-
                          ration enabled automatically.

                        o ALL  :  Indicates that all accounts in the organiza-
                          tion have the additional configuration enabled auto-
                          matically.  This includes NEW accounts that join the
                          organization and accounts that may  have  been  sus-
                          pended  or  removed  from the organization in Guard-
                          Duty. It may take up to 24 hours to update the  con-
                          figuration for all the member accounts.

                        o NONE  :  Indicates that the additional configuration
                          will not be automatically enabled for any account in
                          the  organization. The administrator must manage the
                          additional configuration for each account  individu-
                          ally.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination  parameter  to be used on the next list operation to
          retrieve more items.

       AutoEnableOrganizationMembers -> (string)
          Indicates the auto-enablement configuration of GuardDuty or  any  of
          the  corresponding  protection  plans for the member accounts in the
          organization.

          o NEW : Indicates that when a new account  joins  the  organization,
            they  will  have  GuardDuty or any of the corresponding protection
            plans enabled automatically.

          o ALL : Indicates that all accounts in the organization have  Guard-
            Duty  and  any of the corresponding protection plans enabled auto-
            matically. This includes NEW accounts that join  the  organization
            and  accounts that may have been suspended or removed from the or-
            ganization in GuardDuty.

          o NONE : Indicates that GuardDuty or any of the  corresponding  pro-
            tection plans will not be automatically enabled for any account in
            the organization. The administrator must manage GuardDuty for each
            account  in  the  organization  individually.  When you update the
            auto-enable setting from ALL or NEW to NONE , this action  doesn't
            disable  the corresponding option for your existing accounts. This
            configuration will apply to the new accounts that join the organi-
            zation.  After you update the auto-enable settings, no new account
            will have the corresponding option as enabled.



                                         DESCRIBE-ORGANIZATION-CONFIGURATION()
