DISASSOCIATE-FROM-MASTER-ACCOUNT()          DISASSOCIATE-FROM-MASTER-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disassociate-from-master-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates the current GuardDuty member account from its administra-
       tor account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-from-master-account
          --detector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector of the GuardDuty member account.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate from your current master account in the current region

       The following disassociate-from-master-account  example  dissassociates
       your  account  from the current GuardDuty master account in the current
       AWS region.

          aws guardduty disassociate-from-master-account \
              --detector-id d4b040365221be2b54a6264dcexample

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Understanding the Relationship between Guard-
       Duty Master and Member Accounts in the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DISASSOCIATE-FROM-MASTER-ACCOUNT()
