DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()      DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       disable-organization-admin-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Disables  an Amazon Web Services account within the Organization as the
       GuardDuty delegated administrator.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-organization-admin-account
          --admin-account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --admin-account-id (string)
          The Amazon Web Services Account ID for the organizations account  to
          be disabled as a GuardDuty delegated administrator.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To  remove  an  account  as  the  delegated administrator for GuardDuty
       within your organization

       This example shows how to remove an account as the  delegated  adminis-
       trator for GuardDuty.

          aws guardduty disable-organization-admin-account \
              --admin-account-id 111122223333

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Managing accounts with AWS organizations in
       the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DISABLE-ORGANIZATION-ADMIN-ACCOUNT()
