GET-MEMBER-DETECTORS()                                  GET-MEMBER-DETECTORS()



NAME
       get-member-detectors -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  which  data sources are enabled for the member account's de-
       tector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-member-detectors
          --detector-id <value>
          --account-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The detector ID for the administrator account.

       --account-ids (list)
          The account ID of the member account.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MemberDataSourceConfigurations -> (list)
          An object that describes which data sources are enabled for a member
          account.

          (structure)
              Contains  information  on  which  data sources are enabled for a
              member account.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The account ID for the member account.

              DataSources -> (structure)
                 Contains information on the status of data  sources  for  the
                 account.

                 CloudTrail -> (structure)
                     An  object  that  contains  information  on the status of
                     CloudTrail as a data source.

                     Status -> (string)
                        Describes whether CloudTrail  is  enabled  as  a  data
                        source for the detector.

                 DNSLogs -> (structure)
                     An  object that contains information on the status of DNS
                     logs as a data source.

                     Status -> (string)
                        Denotes whether DNS logs is enabled as a data source.

                 FlowLogs -> (structure)
                     An object that contains information on the status of  VPC
                     flow logs as a data source.

                     Status -> (string)
                        Denotes  whether  VPC  flow  logs is enabled as a data
                        source.

                 S3Logs -> (structure)
                     An object that contains information on the status  of  S3
                     Data event logs as a data source.

                     Status -> (string)
                        A  value that describes whether S3 data event logs are
                        automatically enabled for new members of the organiza-
                        tion.

       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          A  list of member account IDs that were unable to be processed along
          with an explanation for why they were not processed.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the accounts that weren't processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID.

              Result -> (string)
                 A reason why the account hasn't been processed.



                                                        GET-MEMBER-DETECTORS()
