GET-FILTER()                                                      GET-FILTER()



NAME
       get-filter -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns the details of the filter specified by the filter name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-filter
          --detector-id <value>
          --filter-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector that the filter is associated with.

       --filter-name (string)
          The name of the filter you want to get.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the filter.

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the filter.

       Action -> (string)
          Specifies the action that is to be  applied  to  the  findings  that
          match the filter.

       Rank -> (integer)
          Specifies the position of the filter in the list of current filters.
          Also specifies the order in which this  filter  is  applied  to  the
          findings.

       FindingCriteria -> (structure)
          Represents  the criteria to be used in the filter for querying find-
          ings.

          Criterion -> (map)
              Represents a map of finding properties that match specified con-
              ditions and values when querying findings.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (structure)
                 Contains information about the condition.

                 Eq -> (list)
                     Represents  the equal condition to be applied to a single
                     field when querying for findings.

                     (string)

                 Neq -> (list)
                     Represents the not equal condition to  be  applied  to  a
                     single field when querying for findings.

                     (string)

                 Gt -> (integer)
                     Represents  a  greater  than condition to be applied to a
                     single field when querying for findings.

                 Gte -> (integer)
                     Represents a greater than or equal condition  to  be  ap-
                     plied to a single field when querying for findings.

                 Lt -> (integer)
                     Represents  a less than condition to be applied to a sin-
                     gle field when querying for findings.

                 Lte -> (integer)
                     Represents a less than or equal condition to  be  applied
                     to a single field when querying for findings.

                 Equals -> (list)
                     Represents  an equal  condition to be applied to a single
                     field when querying for findings.

                     (string)

                 NotEquals -> (list)
                     Represents a not equal  condition to be applied to a sin-
                     gle field when querying for findings.

                     (string)

                 GreaterThan -> (long)
                     Represents  a  greater  than condition to be applied to a
                     single field when querying for findings.

                 GreaterThanOrEqual -> (long)
                     Represents a greater than or equal condition  to  be  ap-
                     plied to a single field when querying for findings.

                 LessThan -> (long)
                     Represents  a less than condition to be applied to a sin-
                     gle field when querying for findings.

                 LessThanOrEqual -> (long)
                     Represents a less than or equal condition to  be  applied
                     to a single field when querying for findings.

       Tags -> (map)
          The tags of the filter resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                  GET-FILTER()
