GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()                        GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-administrator-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides the details for the GuardDuty administrator account associated
       with the current GuardDuty member account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-administrator-account
          --detector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector of the GuardDuty member account.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Administrator -> (structure)
          The administrator account details.

          AccountId -> (string)
              The ID of the account used as the administrator account.

          InvitationId -> (string)
              The  value that is used to validate the administrator account to
              the member account.

          RelationshipStatus -> (string)
              The status of the relationship  between  the  administrator  and
              member accounts.

          InvitedAt -> (string)
              The timestamp when the invitation was sent.



                                                   GET-ADMINISTRATOR-ACCOUNT()
