INVITE-MEMBERS()                                              INVITE-MEMBERS()



NAME
       invite-members -

DESCRIPTION
       Invites  other  Amazon Web Services accounts (created as members of the
       current Amazon Web Services account by CreateMembers) to enable  Guard-
       Duty,  and  allow  the  current Amazon Web Services account to view and
       manage these accounts' findings on their behalf as the GuardDuty admin-
       istrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            invite-members
          --detector-id <value>
          --account-ids <value>
          [--disable-email-notification | --no-disable-email-notification]
          [--message <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector of the GuardDuty account that you want
          to invite members with.

       --account-ids (list)
          A list of account IDs of the accounts that you  want  to  invite  to
          GuardDuty as members.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --disable-email-notification  |  --no-disable-email-notification (bool-
       ean)
          A Boolean value that specifies whether you want to disable email no-
          tification  to  the  accounts  that you are inviting to GuardDuty as
          members.

       --message (string)
          The invitation message that you want to send to  the  accounts  that
          you're inviting to GuardDuty as members.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UnprocessedAccounts -> (list)
          A list of objects that contain the unprocessed account and a  result
          string that explains why it was unprocessed.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the accounts that weren't processed.

              AccountId -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services account ID.

              Result -> (string)
                 A reason why the account hasn't been processed.



                                                              INVITE-MEMBERS()
