LIST-PUBLISHING-DESTINATIONS()                  LIST-PUBLISHING-DESTINATIONS()



NAME
       list-publishing-destinations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of publishing destinations associated with the specified
       detectorId .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-publishing-destinations
          --detector-id <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The ID of the detector to retrieve publishing destinations for.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return in the response.

       --next-token (string)
          A token to use for paginating results that are returned in  the  re-
          sponse.  Set  the  value of this parameter to null for the first re-
          quest to a list action. For  subsequent  calls,  use  the  NextToken
          value returned from the previous request to continue listing results
          after the first page.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Destinations -> (list)
          A  Destinations object that includes information about each publish-
          ing destination returned.

          (structure)
              Contains information about the publishing destination, including
              the ID, type, and status.

              DestinationId -> (string)
                 The unique ID of the publishing destination.

              DestinationType -> (string)
                 The  type  of  resource  used for the publishing destination.
                 Currently, only Amazon S3 buckets are supported.

              Status -> (string)
                 The status of the publishing destination.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token to use for paginating results that are returned in  the  re-
          sponse.  Set  the  value of this parameter to null for the first re-
          quest to a list action. For  subsequent  calls,  use  the  NextToken
          value returned from the previous request to continue listing results
          after the first page.



                                                LIST-PUBLISHING-DESTINATIONS()
