LIST-IP-SETS()                                                  LIST-IP-SETS()



NAME
       list-ip-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the IPSets of the GuardDuty service specified by the detector ID.
       If you use this operation from a member account,  the  IPSets  returned
       are the IPSets from the associated administrator account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-ip-sets is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: IpSetIds

SYNOPSIS
            list-ip-sets
          --detector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --detector-id (string)
          The unique ID of the detector that the IPSet is associated with.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list trusted IP sets in the current region

       The  following  list-ip-sets  example lists the trusted IP sets in your
       current AWS region.

          aws guardduty list-ip-sets \
              --detector-id 12abc34d567e8fa901bc2d34eexample

       Output:

          {
              "IpSetIds": [
                  "d4b94fc952d6912b8f3060768example"
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Working with  Trusted  IP  Lists  and  Threat
       Lists in the GuardDuty User Guide.

OUTPUT
       IpSetIds -> (list)
          The IDs of the IPSet resources.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  pagination  parameter  to be used on the next list operation to
          retrieve more items.



                                                                LIST-IP-SETS()
