LIST-CONFIGURATION-REVISIONS()                  LIST-CONFIGURATION-REVISIONS()



NAME
       list-configuration-revisions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of all revisions for the specified configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-configuration-revisions
          --configuration-id <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-id (string)
          The unique ID that Amazon MQ generates for the configuration.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of brokers that Amazon MQ can return per page (20
          by default). This value must be an integer from 5 to 100.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that specifies the next page of results Amazon  MQ  should
          return. To request the first page, leave nextToken empty.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationId -> (string)
          The unique ID that Amazon MQ generates for the configuration.

       MaxResults -> (integer)
          The maximum number of configuration revisions that can  be  returned
          per  page  (20  by default). This value must be an integer from 5 to
          100.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that specifies the next page of results Amazon  MQ  should
          return. To request the first page, leave nextToken empty.

       Revisions -> (list)
          The list of all revisions for the specified configuration.

          (structure)
              Returns information about the specified configuration revision.

              Created -> (timestamp)
                 Required. The date and time of the configuration revision.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the configuration revision.

              Revision -> (integer)
                 Required. The revision number of the configuration.



                                                LIST-CONFIGURATION-REVISIONS()
