LIST-USERS()                                                      LIST-USERS()



NAME
       list-users -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of all ActiveMQ users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-users
          --broker-id <value>
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --broker-id (string)
          The unique ID that Amazon MQ generates for the broker.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of brokers that Amazon MQ can return per page (20
          by default). This value must be an integer from 5 to 100.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that specifies the next page of results Amazon  MQ  should
          return. To request the first page, leave nextToken empty.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BrokerId -> (string)
          Required. The unique ID that Amazon MQ generates for the broker.

       MaxResults -> (integer)
          Required.  The maximum number of ActiveMQ users that can be returned
          per page (20 by default). This value must be an integer  from  5  to
          100.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token  that specifies the next page of results Amazon MQ should
          return. To request the first page, leave nextToken empty.

       Users -> (list)
          Required. The list of all ActiveMQ usernames for the specified  bro-
          ker. Does not apply to RabbitMQ brokers.

          (structure)
              Returns  a  list of all broker users. Does not apply to RabbitMQ
              brokers.

              PendingChange -> (string)
                 The type of change pending for the broker user.

              Username -> (string)
                 Required. The username of the broker  user.  This  value  can
                 contain only alphanumeric characters, dashes, periods, under-
                 scores, and tildes (- . _ ~). This value must be 2-100  char-
                 acters long.



                                                                  LIST-USERS()
