START-DEVICE-AUTHORIZATION()                      START-DEVICE-AUTHORIZATION()



NAME
       start-device-authorization -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates  device  authorization  by  requesting a pair of verification
       codes from the authorization service.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-device-authorization
          --client-id <value>
          --client-secret <value>
          --start-url <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --client-id (string)
          The unique identifier string for the client that is registered  with
          AWS  SSO.  This  value  should come from the persisted result of the
          RegisterClient API operation.

       --client-secret (string)
          A secret string that is generated for the client. This value  should
          come from the persisted result of the  RegisterClient API operation.

       --start-url (string)
          The URL for the AWS SSO user portal. For more information, see Using
          the User Portal in the AWS Single Sign-On User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       deviceCode -> (string)
          The short-lived code that is used by the device when polling  for  a
          session token.

       userCode -> (string)
          A  one-time  user  verification code. This is needed to authorize an
          in-use device.

       verificationUri -> (string)
          The URI of the verification page that takes the userCode  to  autho-
          rize the device.

       verificationUriComplete -> (string)
          An  alternate  URL that the client can use to automatically launch a
          browser. This process skips the manual step in which the user visits
          the verification page and enters their code.

       expiresIn -> (integer)
          Indicates  the number of seconds in which the verification code will
          become invalid.

       interval -> (integer)
          Indicates the number of seconds the client  must  wait  between  at-
          tempts when polling for a session.



                                                  START-DEVICE-AUTHORIZATION()
