DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-TYPES()                      DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-TYPES()



NAME
       describe-accelerator-types -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes the accelerator types available in a given region, as well as
       their characteristics, such as memory and throughput.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-accelerator-types
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       acceleratorTypes -> (list)
          The available accelerator types.

          (structure)
              The details of an Elastic Inference Accelerator type.

              acceleratorTypeName -> (string)
                 The name of the Elastic Inference Accelerator type.

              memoryInfo -> (structure)
                 The memory information of the Elastic  Inference  Accelerator
                 type.

                 sizeInMiB -> (integer)
                     The  size in mebibytes of the Elastic Inference Accelera-
                     tor type.

              throughputInfo -> (list)
                 The throughput information of the Elastic Inference Accelera-
                 tor type.

                 (structure)
                     A  throughput  entry for an Elastic Inference Accelerator
                     type.

                     key -> (string)
                        The throughput value of the Elastic Inference Acceler-
                        ator   type.  It  can  assume  the  following  values:
                        TFLOPS16bit: the throughput expressed  in  16bit  Ter-
                        aFLOPS. TFLOPS32bit: the throughput expressed in 32bit
                        TeraFLOPS.

                     value -> (integer)
                        The throughput value of the Elastic Inference Acceler-
                        ator type.



                                                  DESCRIBE-ACCELERATOR-TYPES()
