DESCRIBE-ACCELERATORS()                                DESCRIBE-ACCELERATORS()



NAME
       describe-accelerators -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  information over a provided set of accelerators belonging to
       an account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-accelerators is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: acceleratorSet

SYNOPSIS
            describe-accelerators
          [--accelerator-ids <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --accelerator-ids (list)
          The IDs of the accelerators to describe.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --filters (list)
          One  or  more  filters.  Filter names and values are case-sensitive.
          Valid filter names are: accelerator-types: can provide a list of ac-
          celerator  type names to filter for. instance-id: can provide a list
          of EC2 instance ids to filter for.

          (structure)
              A filter expression for the Elastic Inference Accelerator list.

              name -> (string)
                 The filter name for the Elastic Inference  Accelerator  list.
                 It  can  assume  the  following values: accelerator-type: the
                 type of Elastic Inference  Accelerator  to  filter  for.  in-
                 stance-id: an EC2 instance id to filter for.

              values -> (list)
                 The  values for the filter of the Elastic Inference Accelera-
                 tor list.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "name": "string",
              "values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       acceleratorSet -> (list)
          The details of the Elastic Inference Accelerators.

          (structure)
              The details of an Elastic Inference Accelerator.

              acceleratorHealth -> (structure)
                 The health of the Elastic Inference Accelerator.

                 status -> (string)
                     The health status of the Elastic Inference Accelerator.

              acceleratorType -> (string)
                 The type of the Elastic Inference Accelerator.

              acceleratorId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Elastic Inference Accelerator.

              availabilityZone -> (string)
                 The availability zone where the Elastic Inference Accelerator
                 is present.

              attachedResource -> (string)
                 The ARN of the resource that the Elastic Inference  Accelera-
                 tor is attached to.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.



                                                       DESCRIBE-ACCELERATORS()
