DESCRIBE-REGION-SETTINGS()                          DESCRIBE-REGION-SETTINGS()



NAME
       describe-region-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the current service opt-in settings for the Region. If service
       opt-in is enabled for a service, Backup tries to protect that service's
       resources in this Region, when the resource is included in an on-demand
       backup or scheduled backup plan. Otherwise, Backup does not try to pro-
       tect that service's resources in this Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-region-settings
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceTypeOptInPreference -> (map)
          Returns a list of all services along with the opt-in preferences  in
          the Region.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (boolean)

       ResourceTypeManagementPreference -> (map)
          Returns  whether  a DynamoDB recovery point was taken using Backup's
          advanced DynamoDB backup features .

          key -> (string)

          value -> (boolean)



                                                    DESCRIBE-REGION-SETTINGS()
