DESCRIBE-BACKUP-VAULT()                                DESCRIBE-BACKUP-VAULT()



NAME
       describe-backup-vault -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns metadata about a backup vault specified by its name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-backup-vault
          --backup-vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-vault-name (string)
          The  name  of  a  logical container where backups are stored. Backup
          vaults are identified by names that are unique to the  account  used
          to  create  them  and  the Amazon Web Services Region where they are
          created. They consist of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BackupVaultName -> (string)
          The name of a logical container where  backups  are  stored.  Backup
          vaults  are  identified by names that are unique to the account used
          to create them and the Region where they are created.  They  consist
          of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

       BackupVaultArn -> (string)
          An  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  that uniquely identifies a backup
          vault;                         for                          example,
          arn:aws:backup:us-east-1:123456789012:vault:aBackupVault .

       EncryptionKeyArn -> (string)
          The server-side encryption key that is used to protect your backups;
          for                                                         example,
          arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab
          .

       CreationDate -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that a backup vault is created, in Unix format and
          Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The value of CreationDate is accu-
          rate to milliseconds. For example, the value  1516925490.087  repre-
          sents Friday, January 26, 2018 12:11:30.087 AM.

       CreatorRequestId -> (string)
          A  unique  string  that identifies the request and allows failed re-
          quests to be retried without  the  risk  of  running  the  operation
          twice.

       NumberOfRecoveryPoints -> (long)
          The number of recovery points that are stored in a backup vault.

       Locked -> (boolean)
          A Boolean that indicates whether Backup Vault Lock is currently pro-
          tecting the backup vault. True means that Vault Lock  causes  delete
          or  update  operations on the recovery points stored in the vault to
          fail.

       MinRetentionDays -> (long)
          The Backup Vault Lock setting that specifies the  minimum  retention
          period that the vault retains its recovery points. If this parameter
          is not specified, Vault Lock does not enforce  a  minimum  retention
          period.

          If  specified, any backup or copy job to the vault must have a life-
          cycle policy with a retention period equal to  or  longer  than  the
          minimum  retention  period. If the job's retention period is shorter
          than that minimum retention period, then the vault fails the  backup
          or copy job, and you should either modify your lifecycle settings or
          use a different vault. Recovery points already stored in  the  vault
          prior to Vault Lock are not affected.

       MaxRetentionDays -> (long)
          The  Backup  Vault Lock setting that specifies the maximum retention
          period that the vault retains its recovery points. If this parameter
          is  not  specified,  Vault Lock does not enforce a maximum retention
          period on the recovery points  in  the  vault  (allowing  indefinite
          storage).

          If  specified, any backup or copy job to the vault must have a life-
          cycle policy with a retention period equal to or  shorter  than  the
          maximum  retention  period.  If the job's retention period is longer
          than that maximum retention period, then the vault fails the  backup
          or copy job, and you should either modify your lifecycle settings or
          use a different vault. Recovery points already stored in  the  vault
          prior to Vault Lock are not affected.

       LockDate -> (timestamp)
          The  date  and  time  when Backup Vault Lock configuration cannot be
          changed or deleted.

          If you applied Vault Lock to your vault without  specifying  a  lock
          date,  you  can  change  any  of your Vault Lock settings, or delete
          Vault Lock from the vault entirely, at any time.

          This value is in Unix format, Coordinated Universal Time (UTC),  and
          accurate to milliseconds. For example, the value 1516925490.087 rep-
          resents Friday, January 26, 2018 12:11:30.087 AM.



                                                       DESCRIBE-BACKUP-VAULT()
