DESCRIBE-PROTECTED-RESOURCE()                    DESCRIBE-PROTECTED-RESOURCE()



NAME
       describe-protected-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  information about a saved resource, including the last time it
       was backed up, its Amazon Resource Name (ARN), and the Amazon Web  Ser-
       vices service type of the saved resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-protected-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          An  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies a resource.
          The format of the ARN depends on the resource type.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceArn -> (string)
          An ARN that uniquely identifies a resource. The format  of  the  ARN
          depends on the resource type.

       ResourceType -> (string)
          The  type of Amazon Web Services resource saved as a recovery point;
          for example, an Amazon EBS volume or an Amazon RDS database.

       LastBackupTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that a resource was last backed up, in Unix format
          and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The value of LastBackupTime is
          accurate to milliseconds. For example, the value 1516925490.087 rep-
          resents Friday, January 26, 2018 12:11:30.087 AM.



                                                 DESCRIBE-PROTECTED-RESOURCE()
