DISASSOCIATE-RECOVERY-POINT()                    DISASSOCIATE-RECOVERY-POINT()



NAME
       disassociate-recovery-point -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified continuous backup recovery point from Backup and
       releases control of that continuous backup to the source service,  such
       as  Amazon  RDS.  The source service will continue to create and retain
       continuous backups using the lifecycle that you specified in your orig-
       inal backup plan.

       Does not support snapshot backup recovery points.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-recovery-point
          --backup-vault-name <value>
          --recovery-point-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-vault-name (string)
          The unique name of an Backup vault.

       --recovery-point-arn (string)
          An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies an Backup re-
          covery point.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DISASSOCIATE-RECOVERY-POINT()
