GET-BACKUP-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()              GET-BACKUP-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()



NAME
       get-backup-vault-notifications -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns event notifications for the specified backup vault.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-backup-vault-notifications
          --backup-vault-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-vault-name (string)
          The  name  of  a  logical container where backups are stored. Backup
          vaults are identified by names that are unique to the  account  used
          to  create  them  and  the Amazon Web Services Region where they are
          created. They consist of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       BackupVaultName -> (string)
          The name of a logical container where  backups  are  stored.  Backup
          vaults  are  identified by names that are unique to the account used
          to create them and the Region where they are created.  They  consist
          of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

       BackupVaultArn -> (string)
          An  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  that uniquely identifies a backup
          vault;                         for                          example,
          arn:aws:backup:us-east-1:123456789012:vault:aBackupVault .

       SNSTopicArn -> (string)
          An  ARN  that uniquely identifies an Amazon Simple Notification Ser-
          vice       (Amazon       SNS)       topic;       for        example,
          arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:111122223333:MyTopic .

       BackupVaultEvents -> (list)
          An  array  of events that indicate the status of jobs to back up re-
          sources to the backup vault.

          (string)



                                              GET-BACKUP-VAULT-NOTIFICATIONS()
