LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a list of key-value pairs assigned to a target recovery point,
       backup plan, or backup vault.

       NOTE:
          ListTags are currently only supported with Amazon EFS backups.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies  a  resource.
          The format of the ARN depends on the type of resource. Valid targets
          for ListTags are recovery points, backup plans, and backup vaults.

       --next-token (string)
          The next item following a partial list of returned items. For  exam-
          ple,  if  a  request  is  made to return maxResults number of items,
          NextToken allows you to return more items in your list  starting  at
          the location pointed to by the next token.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of items to be returned.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The  next item following a partial list of returned items. For exam-
          ple, if a request is made to  return  maxResults  number  of  items,
          NextToken  allows  you to return more items in your list starting at
          the location pointed to by the next token.

       Tags -> (map)
          To help organize your resources, you can assign your own metadata to
          the resources you create. Each tag is a key-value pair.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
