LIST-PROTECTED-RESOURCES()                          LIST-PROTECTED-RESOURCES()



NAME
       list-protected-resources -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns an array of resources successfully backed up by Backup, includ-
       ing the time the resource was saved, an Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of
       the resource, and a resource type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-protected-resources
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          The  next item following a partial list of returned items. For exam-
          ple, if a request is made to  return  maxResults  number  of  items,
          NextToken  allows  you to return more items in your list starting at
          the location pointed to by the next token.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of items to be returned.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Results -> (list)
          An array of resources successfully backed up by Backup including the
          time the resource was saved, an Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the
          resource, and a resource type.

          (structure)
              A  structure  that  contains  information  about a backed-up re-
              source.

              ResourceArn -> (string)
                 An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies a  re-
                 source. The format of the ARN depends on the resource type.

              ResourceType -> (string)
                 The  type  of  Amazon  Web Services resource; for example, an
                 Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume or  an  Amazon
                 Relational  Database  Service (Amazon RDS) database. For Win-
                 dows Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS) backups, the only  sup-
                 ported resource type is Amazon EC2.

              LastBackupTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time a resource was last backed up, in Unix for-
                 mat and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). The value of  Last-
                 BackupTime  is  accurate  to  milliseconds.  For example, the
                 value 1516925490.087  represents  Friday,  January  26,  2018
                 12:11:30.087 AM.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  next item following a partial list of returned items. For exam-
          ple, if a request is made to  return  maxResults  number  of  items,
          NextToken  allows  you to return more items in your list starting at
          the location pointed to by the next token.



                                                    LIST-PROTECTED-RESOURCES()
