PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-LOCK-CONFIGURATION()    PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-LOCK-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-backup-vault-lock-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Applies  Backup  Vault  Lock  to a backup vault, preventing attempts to
       delete any recovery point stored in or created in a backup vault. Vault
       Lock  also  prevents  attempts to update the lifecycle policy that con-
       trols the retention period of any recovery point currently stored in  a
       backup  vault.  If specified, Vault Lock enforces a minimum and maximum
       retention period for future backup and copy jobs that target  a  backup
       vault.

       NOTE:
          Backup  Vault  Lock  has yet to receive a third-party assessment for
          SEC 17a-4(f) and CFTC.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-backup-vault-lock-configuration
          --backup-vault-name <value>
          [--min-retention-days <value>]
          [--max-retention-days <value>]
          [--changeable-for-days <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-vault-name (string)
          The Backup Vault Lock configuration that specifies the name  of  the
          backup vault it protects.

       --min-retention-days (long)
          The  Backup  Vault Lock configuration that specifies the minimum re-
          tention period that the vault retains its recovery points. This set-
          ting can be useful if, for example, your organization's policies re-
          quire you to retain certain data for  at  least  seven  years  (2555
          days).

          If  this  parameter  is not specified, Vault Lock will not enforce a
          minimum retention period.

          If this parameter is specified, any backup or copy job to the  vault
          must  have  a  lifecycle  policy with a retention period equal to or
          longer than the minimum retention period. If the job's retention pe-
          riod  is  shorter than that minimum retention period, then the vault
          fails that backup or copy job, and you  should  either  modify  your
          lifecycle settings or use a different vault. Recovery points already
          saved in the vault prior to Vault Lock are not affected.

       --max-retention-days (long)
          The Backup Vault Lock configuration that specifies the  maximum  re-
          tention period that the vault retains its recovery points. This set-
          ting can be useful if, for example, your organization's policies re-
          quire  you to destroy certain data after retaining it for four years
          (1460 days).

          If this parameter is not included, Vault Lock  does  not  enforce  a
          maximum  retention  period  on  the recovery points in the vault. If
          this parameter is included without a value, Vault Lock will not  en-
          force a maximum retention period.

          If  this parameter is specified, any backup or copy job to the vault
          must have a lifecycle policy with a retention  period  equal  to  or
          shorter  than  the  maximum retention period. If the job's retention
          period is longer than that maximum retention period, then the  vault
          fails  the  backup  or  copy  job, and you should either modify your
          lifecycle settings or use a different vault. Recovery points already
          saved in the vault prior to Vault Lock are not affected.

       --changeable-for-days (long)
          The  Backup  Vault  Lock  configuration that specifies the number of
          days before the lock date. For example, setting ChangeableForDays to
          30  on  Jan.  1,  2022 at 8pm UTC will set the lock date to Jan. 31,
          2022 at 8pm UTC.

          Backup enforces a 72-hour cooling-off period before Vault Lock takes
          effect and becomes immutable. Therefore, you must set ChangeableFor-
          Days to 3 or greater.

          Before the lock date, you can delete Vault Lock from the vault using
          DeleteBackupVaultLockConfiguration or change the Vault Lock configu-
          ration using PutBackupVaultLockConfiguration . On and after the lock
          date,  the  Vault  Lock  becomes  immutable and cannot be changed or
          deleted.

          If this parameter is not specified, you can delete Vault  Lock  from
          the  vault  using  DeleteBackupVaultLockConfiguration  or change the
          Vault Lock configuration  using  PutBackupVaultLockConfiguration  at
          any time.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-LOCK-CONFIGURATION()
