PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()              PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()



NAME
       put-backup-vault-access-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  a resource-based policy that is used to manage access permissions
       on the target backup vault. Requires a backup vault name and an  access
       policy document in JSON format.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-backup-vault-access-policy
          --backup-vault-name <value>
          [--policy <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --backup-vault-name (string)
          The  name  of  a  logical container where backups are stored. Backup
          vaults are identified by names that are unique to the  account  used
          to  create  them  and  the Amazon Web Services Region where they are
          created. They consist of lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.

       --policy (string)
          The backup vault access policy document in JSON format.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              PUT-BACKUP-VAULT-ACCESS-POLICY()
