START-REPORT-JOB()                                          START-REPORT-JOB()



NAME
       start-report-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts an on-demand report job for the specified report plan.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-report-job
          --report-plan-name <value>
          [--idempotency-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --report-plan-name (string)
          The unique name of a report plan.

       --idempotency-token (string)
          A  customer-chosen  string  that  you can use to distinguish between
          otherwise identical calls to StartReportJobInput . Retrying  a  suc-
          cessful request with the same idempotency token results in a success
          message with no action taken.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReportJobId -> (string)
          The identifier of the report job. A unique, randomly generated, Uni-
          code, UTF-8 encoded string that is at most 1,024 bytes long. The re-
          port job ID cannot be edited.



                                                            START-REPORT-JOB()
