BATCH-DELETE-GEOFENCE()                                BATCH-DELETE-GEOFENCE()



NAME
       batch-delete-geofence -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a batch of geofences from a geofence collection.

       NOTE:
          This operation deletes the resource permanently.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-delete-geofence
          --collection-name <value>
          --geofence-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-name (string)
          The geofence collection storing the geofences to be deleted.

       --geofence-ids (list)
          The batch of geofences to be deleted.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Errors -> (list)
          Contains error details for each geofence that failed to delete.

          (structure)
              Contains  error  details for each geofence that failed to delete
              from the geofence collection.

              Error -> (structure)
                 Contains details associated to the batch error.

                 Code -> (string)
                     The error code associated with the batch request error.

                 Message -> (string)
                     A message with the reason for the batch request error.

              GeofenceId -> (string)
                 The geofence associated with the error message.



                                                       BATCH-DELETE-GEOFENCE()
