CREATE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()                            CREATE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()



NAME
       create-route-calculator -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a route calculator resource in your AWS account.

       You can send requests to a route calculator resource to estimate travel
       time, distance, and get directions. A route calculator sources  traffic
       and road network data from your chosen data provider.

       NOTE:
          If  your  application  is tracking or routing assets you use in your
          business, such as delivery vehicles or employees, you may  only  use
          HERE as your geolocation provider. See section 82 of the AWS service
          terms for more details.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-route-calculator
          --calculator-name <value>
          --data-source <value>
          [--description <value>]
          [--pricing-plan <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --calculator-name (string)
          The name of the route calculator resource.

          Requirements:

          o Can use alphanumeric characters (AZ, az, 09) , hyphens (-),  peri-
            ods (.), and underscores (_).

          o Must be a unique Route calculator resource name.

          o No spaces allowed. For example, ExampleRouteCalculator .

       --data-source (string)
          Specifies the data provider of traffic and road network data.

          NOTE:
              This  field  is case-sensitive. Enter the valid values as shown.
              For example, entering HERE returns an error.  Route  calculators
              that  use  Esri  as a data source only calculate routes that are
              shorter than 400 km.

          Valid values include:

          o Esri  For additional information about Esri 's  coverage  in  your
            region  of interest, see Esri details on street networks and traf-
            fic coverage .

          o Here  For additional information about HERE Technologies '  cover-
            age  in your region of interest, see HERE car routing coverage and
            HERE truck routing coverage .

          For additional information , see Data providers on the Amazon  Loca-
          tion Service Developer Guide .

       --description (string)
          The optional description for the route calculator resource.

       --pricing-plan (string)
          No  longer used. If included, the only allowed value is RequestBase-
          dUsage .

          Possible values:

          o RequestBasedUsage

          o MobileAssetTracking

          o MobileAssetManagement

       --tags (map)
          Applies one or more tags to the route calculator resource. A tag  is
          a key-value pair helps manage, identify, search, and filter your re-
          sources by labelling them.

          o For example: { "tag1" : "value1" , "tag2" : "value2" }

          Format: "key" : "value"

          Restrictions:

          o Maximum 50 tags per resource

          o Each resource tag must be unique with a maximum of one value.

          o Maximum key length: 128 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Maximum value length: 256 Unicode characters in UTF-8

          o Can use alphanumeric characters (AZ, az, 09),  and  the  following
            characters: + - = . _ : / @.

          o Cannot use "aws:" as a prefix for a key.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CalculatorArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for the route calculator resource.
          Use the ARN when you specify a resource across all AWS.

          o Format example: arn:aws:geo:region:account-id:route-calculator/Ex-
            ampleCalculator

       CalculatorName -> (string)
          The name of the route calculator resource.

          o For example, ExampleRouteCalculator .

       CreateTime -> (timestamp)
          The  timestamp when the route calculator resource was created in ISO
          8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

          o For example, 202007-2T12:15:20.000Z+01:00



                                                     CREATE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()
