DESCRIBE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()                        DESCRIBE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()



NAME
       describe-route-calculator -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the route calculator resource details.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-route-calculator
          --calculator-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --calculator-name (string)
          The name of the route calculator resource.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CalculatorArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for the Route calculator resource.
          Use the ARN when you specify a resource across AWS.

          o Format example: arn:aws:geo:region:account-id:route-calculator/Ex-
            ampleCalculator

       CalculatorName -> (string)
          The name of the route calculator resource being described.

       CreateTime -> (timestamp)
          The  timestamp when the route calculator resource was created in ISO
          8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

          o For example, 202007-2T12:15:20.000Z+01:00

       DataSource -> (string)
          The data provider of traffic and road network data. Indicates one of
          the available providers:

          o Esri

          o Here

          For  more information about data providers, see Amazon Location Ser-
          vice data providers .

       Description -> (string)
          The optional description of the route calculator resource.

       PricingPlan -> (string)
          Always returns RequestBasedUsage .

       Tags -> (map)
          Tags associated with route calculator resource.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp when the route calculator resource was last updated in
          ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

          o For example, 202007-2T12:15:20.000Z+01:00



                                                   DESCRIBE-ROUTE-CALCULATOR()
