GET-DEVICE-POSITION()                                    GET-DEVICE-POSITION()



NAME
       get-device-position -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a device's most recent position according to its sample time.

       NOTE:
          Device positions are deleted after 30 days.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-device-position
          --device-id <value>
          --tracker-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-id (string)
          The device whose position you want to retrieve.

       --tracker-name (string)
          The tracker resource receiving the position update.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Accuracy -> (structure)
          The accuracy of the device position.

          Horizontal -> (double)
              Estimated  maximum distance, in meters, between the measured po-
              sition and the true position of a device, along the Earth's sur-
              face.

       DeviceId -> (string)
          The device whose position you retrieved.

       Position -> (list)
          The last known device position.

          (double)

       PositionProperties -> (map)
          The properties associated with the position.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       ReceivedTime -> (timestamp)
          The  timestamp for when the tracker resource received the device po-
          sition in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

       SampleTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp at which the device's position  was  determined.  Uses
          ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .



                                                         GET-DEVICE-POSITION()
