GET-GEOFENCE()                                                  GET-GEOFENCE()



NAME
       get-geofence -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the geofence details from a geofence collection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-geofence
          --collection-name <value>
          --geofence-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-name (string)
          The geofence collection storing the target geofence.

       --geofence-id (string)
          The geofence you're retrieving details for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CreateTime -> (timestamp)
          The  timestamp  for  when the geofence collection was created in ISO
          8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ

       GeofenceId -> (string)
          The geofence identifier.

       Geometry -> (structure)
          Contains the geofence geometry details describing a polygon.

          Polygon -> (list)
              An array of 1 or more linear rings. A linear ring is an array of
              4 or more vertices, where the first and last vertex are the same
              to form a closed boundary. Each vertex is a 2-dimensional  point
              of the form: [longitude, latitude] .

              The first linear ring is an outer ring, describing the polygon's
              boundary. Subsequent linear rings may be inner or outer rings to
              describe holes and islands. Outer rings must list their vertices
              in counter-clockwise order around the ring's center,  where  the
              left side is the polygon's exterior. Inner rings must list their
              vertices in clockwise order, where the left side  is  the  poly-
              gon's interior.

              (list)
                 (list)
                     (double)

       Status -> (string)
          Identifies  the  state  of the geofence. A geofence will hold one of
          the following states:

          o ACTIVE  The geofence has been indexed by the system.

          o PENDING  The geofence is being processed by the system.

          o FAILED  The geofence failed to be indexed by the system.

          o DELETED  The geofence has been deleted from the system index.

          o DELETING  The geofence is being deleted from the system index.

       UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp for when the geofence collection was last  updated  in
          ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ



                                                                GET-GEOFENCE()
