LIST-ROUTE-CALCULATORS()                              LIST-ROUTE-CALCULATORS()



NAME
       list-route-calculators -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists route calculator resources in your AWS account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-route-calculators is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Entries

SYNOPSIS
            list-route-calculators
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entries -> (list)
          Lists the route calculator resources that exist in your AWS account

          (structure)
              A route calculator resource listed in your AWS account.

              CalculatorName -> (string)
                 The name of the route calculator resource.

              CreateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp when the route calculator resource was created
                 in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

                 o For example, 202007-2T12:15:20.000Z+01:00

              DataSource -> (string)
                 The data provider of traffic and road network data. Indicates
                 one of the available providers:

                 o Esri

                 o Here

                 For  more  information about data providers, see Amazon Loca-
                 tion Service data providers .

              Description -> (string)
                 The optional description of the route calculator resource.

              PricingPlan -> (string)
                 Always returns RequestBasedUsage .

              UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the route calculator resource was last up-
                 dated in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

                 o For example, 202007-2T12:15:20.000Z+01:00

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  pagination token indicating there are additional pages available.
          You can use the token in a subsequent request to fetch the next  set
          of results.



                                                      LIST-ROUTE-CALCULATORS()
