LIST-GEOFENCES()                                              LIST-GEOFENCES()



NAME
       list-geofences -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists geofences stored in a given geofence collection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-geofences  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Entries

SYNOPSIS
            list-geofences
          --collection-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --collection-name (string)
          The name of the geofence collection storing the list of geofences.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entries -> (list)
          Contains a list of geofences stored in the geofence collection.

          (structure)
              Contains a list of geofences stored in a given geofence  collec-
              tion.

              CreateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp for when the geofence was stored in a geofence
                 collection in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ

              GeofenceId -> (string)
                 The geofence identifier.

              Geometry -> (structure)
                 Contains the geofence geometry details describing  a  polygon
                 or a circle.

                 Circle -> (structure)
                     A circle on the earth, as defined by a center point and a
                     radius.

                     Center -> (list)
                        A single point geometry, specifying the center of  the
                        circle,  using WGS 84 coordinates, in the form [longi-
                        tude, latitude] .

                        (double)

                     Radius -> (double)
                        The radius of the circle in meters.  Must  be  greater
                        than zero and no larger than 100,000 (100 kilometers).

                 Polygon -> (list)
                     An  array  of 1 or more linear rings. A linear ring is an
                     array of 4 or more vertices, where  the  first  and  last
                     vertex  are the same to form a closed boundary. Each ver-
                     tex is a 2-dimensional point  of  the  form:  [longitude,
                     latitude] .

                     The  first  linear  ring is an outer ring, describing the
                     polygon's boundary. Subsequent linear rings may be  inner
                     or outer rings to describe holes and islands. Outer rings
                     must  list  their  vertices  in  counter-clockwise  order
                     around  the  ring's  center,  where  the left side is the
                     polygon's exterior. Inner rings must list their  vertices
                     in  clockwise order, where the left side is the polygon's
                     interior.

                     A geofence polygon can consist of  between  4  and  1,000
                     vertices.

                     (list)
                        (list)
                            (double)

              Status -> (string)
                 Identifies  the  state  of the geofence. A geofence will hold
                 one of the following states:

                 o ACTIVE  The geofence has been indexed by the system.

                 o PENDING  The geofence is being processed by the system.

                 o FAILED  The geofence failed to be indexed by the system.

                 o DELETED  The geofence has been deleted from the system  in-
                   dex.

                 o DELETING  The geofence is being deleted from the system in-
                   dex.

              UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp for when the geofence was last updated  in  ISO
                 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  pagination token indicating there are additional pages available.
          You can use the token in a following request to fetch the  next  set
          of results.



                                                              LIST-GEOFENCES()
