LIST-MAPS()                                                        LIST-MAPS()



NAME
       list-maps -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists map resources in your AWS account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-maps is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation  by  providing  the --no-paginate argument.  When using --output
       text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query  ar-
       gument  must  extract  data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Entries

SYNOPSIS
            list-maps
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entries -> (list)
          Contains a list of maps in your AWS account

          (structure)
              Contains  details  of  an  existing map resource in your AWS ac-
              count.

              CreateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp for when the map resource was  created  in  ISO
                 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

              DataSource -> (string)
                 Specifies the data provider for the associated map tiles.

              Description -> (string)
                 The description for the map resource.

              MapName -> (string)
                 The name of the associated map resource.

              PricingPlan -> (string)
                 No longer used. Always returns RequestBasedUsage .

              UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp  for when the map resource was last updated in
                 ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

       NextToken -> (string)
          A pagination token indicating there are additional pages  available.
          You  can  use the token in a following request to fetch the next set
          of results.



                                                                   LIST-MAPS()
