LIST-DEVICE-POSITIONS()                                LIST-DEVICE-POSITIONS()



NAME
       list-device-positions -

DESCRIPTION
       A batch request to retrieve all device positions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-device-positions  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: Entries

SYNOPSIS
            list-device-positions
          --tracker-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tracker-name (string)
          The tracker resource containing the requested devices.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entries -> (list)
          Contains  details about each device's last known position. These de-
          tails includes the device ID, the time when the position was sampled
          on  the  device,  the time that the service received the update, and
          the most recent coordinates.

          (structure)
              Contains the tracker resource details.

              Accuracy -> (structure)
                 The accuracy of the device position.

                 Horizontal -> (double)
                     Estimated maximum distance, in meters, between  the  mea-
                     sured  position  and the true position of a device, along
                     the Earth's surface.

              DeviceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the device for this position.

              Position -> (list)
                 The last known device position. Empty if  no  positions  cur-
                 rently stored.

                 (double)

              PositionProperties -> (map)
                 The properties associated with the position.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              SampleTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  timestamp  at  which the device position was determined.
                 Uses ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ .

       NextToken -> (string)
          A pagination token indicating there are additional pages  available.
          You  can  use the token in a following request to fetch the next set
          of results.



                                                       LIST-DEVICE-POSITIONS()
