SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-SUGGESTIONS()      SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-SUGGESTIONS()



NAME
       search-place-index-for-suggestions -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  suggestions  for  addresses  and points of interest based on
       partial or misspelled free-form text. This operation is also  known  as
       autocomplete, autosuggest, or fuzzy matching.

       Optional  parameters let you narrow your search results by bounding box
       or country, or bias your search  toward  a  specific  position  on  the
       globe.

       NOTE:
          You  can  search for suggested place names near a specified position
          by using BiasPosition , or filter results within a bounding  box  by
          using  FilterBBox  .  These parameters are mutually exclusive; using
          both BiasPosition and FilterBBox in the same command returns an  er-
          ror.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            search-place-index-for-suggestions
          [--bias-position <value>]
          [--filter-b-box <value>]
          [--filter-countries <value>]
          --index-name <value>
          [--language <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          --text <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bias-position (list)
          An  optional parameter that indicates a preference for place sugges-
          tions that are closer to a specified position.

          If provided, this parameter must contain  a  pair  of  numbers.  The
          first  number  represents the X coordinate, or longitude; the second
          number represents the Y coordinate, or latitude.

          For example, [-123.1174, 49.2847] represents the position with  lon-
          gitude -123.1174 and latitude 49.2847 .

          NOTE:
              BiasPosition  and  FilterBBox are mutually exclusive. Specifying
              both options results in an error.

          (double)

       Syntax:

          double double ...

       --filter-b-box (list)
          An optional parameter that limits the search  results  by  returning
          only suggestions within a specified bounding box.

          If provided, this parameter must contain a total of four consecutive
          numbers in two pairs. The first pair of numbers represents the X and
          Y  coordinates  (longitude and latitude, respectively) of the south-
          west corner of the bounding box; the second pair of  numbers  repre-
          sents the X and Y coordinates (longitude and latitude, respectively)
          of the northeast corner of the bounding box.

          For example, [-12.7935, -37.4835, -12.0684, -36.9542]  represents  a
          bounding  box  where the southwest corner has longitude -12.7935 and
          latitude -37.4835 , and the northeast corner has longitude  -12.0684
          and latitude -36.9542 .

          NOTE:
              FilterBBox  and  BiasPosition are mutually exclusive. Specifying
              both options results in an error.

          (double)

       Syntax:

          double double ...

       --filter-countries (list)
          An optional parameter that limits the search  results  by  returning
          only suggestions within the provided list of countries.

          o Use the ISO 3166 3-digit country code. For example, Australia uses
            three upper-case characters: AUS .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --index-name (string)
          The name of the place index resource you want to use for the search.

       --language (string)
          The preferred language used to return results. The value must  be  a
          valid BCP 47 language tag, for example, en for English.

          This  setting affects the languages used in the results. It does not
          change which results are returned. If the language is not specified,
          or  not supported for a particular result, the partner automatically
          chooses a language for the result.

          Used only when the partner selected is Here.

       --max-results (integer)
          An optional parameter. The maximum number of  results  returned  per
          request.

          The default: 5

       --text (string)
          The free-form partial text to use to generate place suggestions. For
          example, eiffel tow .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Results -> (list)
          A list of place suggestions that best match the search text.

          (structure)
              Contains  a  place  suggestion resulting from a place suggestion
              query that is run on a place index resource.

              Text -> (string)
                 The text of the place suggestion, typically formatted  as  an
                 address string.

       Summary -> (structure)
          Contains a summary of the request. Echoes the input values for Bias-
          Position , FilterBBox , FilterCountries , Language  ,  MaxResults  ,
          and Text . Also includes the DataSource of the place index.

          BiasPosition -> (list)
              Contains  the  coordinates for the optional bias position speci-
              fied in the request.

              This parameter contains a pair of numbers. The first number rep-
              resents the X coordinate, or longitude; the second number repre-
              sents the Y coordinate, or latitude.

              For example, [-123.1174, 49.2847] represents the  position  with
              longitude -123.1174 and latitude 49.2847 .

              (double)

          DataSource -> (string)
              The  geospatial  data  provider  attached to the place index re-
              source specified in the request. Values can be one of  the  fol-
              lowing:

              o Esri

              o Here

              For  more  information about data providers, see Amazon Location
              Service data providers .

          FilterBBox -> (list)
              Contains the coordinates for the optional bounding box specified
              in the request.

              (double)

          FilterCountries -> (list)
              Contains the optional country filter specified in the request.

              (string)

          Language -> (string)
              The  preferred language used to return results. Matches the lan-
              guage in the request. The value is a valid BCP 47 language  tag,
              for example, en for English.

          MaxResults -> (integer)
              Contains  the  optional  result count limit specified in the re-
              quest.

          Text -> (string)
              The free-form partial text input specified in the request.



                                          SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-SUGGESTIONS()
