SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-TEXT()                    SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-TEXT()



NAME
       search-place-index-for-text -

DESCRIPTION
       Geocodes  free-form  text, such as an address, name, city, or region to
       allow you to search for Places or points of interest.

       Optional parameters let you narrow your search results by bounding  box
       or  country,  or  bias  your  search  toward a specific position on the
       globe.

       NOTE:
          You can search for places near a given position using BiasPosition ,
          or filter results within a bounding box using FilterBBox . Providing
          both parameters simultaneously returns an error.

       Search results are returned in order of highest to lowest relevance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            search-place-index-for-text
          [--bias-position <value>]
          [--filter-b-box <value>]
          [--filter-countries <value>]
          --index-name <value>
          [--language <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          --text <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bias-position (list)
          An optional parameter that indicates a preference  for  places  that
          are closer to a specified position.

          If  provided,  this  parameter  must  contain a pair of numbers. The
          first number represents the X coordinate, or longitude;  the  second
          number represents the Y coordinate, or latitude.

          For  example, [-123.1174, 49.2847] represents the position with lon-
          gitude -123.1174 and latitude 49.2847 .

          NOTE:
              BiasPosition and FilterBBox are mutually  exclusive.  Specifying
              both options results in an error.

          (double)

       Syntax:

          double double ...

       --filter-b-box (list)
          An  optional  parameter  that limits the search results by returning
          only places that are within the provided bounding box.

          If provided, this parameter must contain a total of four consecutive
          numbers in two pairs. The first pair of numbers represents the X and
          Y coordinates (longitude and latitude, respectively) of  the  south-
          west  corner  of the bounding box; the second pair of numbers repre-
          sents the X and Y coordinates (longitude and latitude, respectively)
          of the northeast corner of the bounding box.

          For  example,  [-12.7935, -37.4835, -12.0684, -36.9542] represents a
          bounding box where the southwest corner has longitude  -12.7935  and
          latitude  -37.4835 , and the northeast corner has longitude -12.0684
          and latitude -36.9542 .

          NOTE:
              FilterBBox and BiasPosition are mutually  exclusive.  Specifying
              both options results in an error.

          (double)

       Syntax:

          double double ...

       --filter-countries (list)
          An  optional  parameter  that limits the search results by returning
          only places that are in a specified list of countries.

          o Valid values include ISO 3166 3-digit country codes. For  example,
            Australia uses three upper-case characters: AUS .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --index-name (string)
          The name of the place index resource you want to use for the search.

       --language (string)
          The  preferred  language used to return results. The value must be a
          valid BCP 47 language tag, for example, en for English.

          This setting affects the languages used in the results, but not  the
          results  themselves.  If  no language is specified, or not supported
          for a particular result, the partner automatically  chooses  a  lan-
          guage for the result.

          For an example, we'll use the Greek language. You search for Athens,
          Greece , with the language parameter set to en .  The  result  found
          will most likely be returned as Athens .

          If you set the language parameter to el , for Greek, then the result
          found will more likely be returned as  .

          If the data provider does not have a value  for  Greek,  the  result
          will be in a language that the provider does support.

       --max-results (integer)
          An  optional  parameter.  The maximum number of results returned per
          request.

          The default: 50

       --text (string)
          The address, name, city, or region to  be  used  in  the  search  in
          free-form text format. For example, 123 Any Street .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Results -> (list)
          A list of Places matching the input text. Each result contains addi-
          tional information about the specific point of interest.

          Not  all  response  properties are included with all responses. Some
          properties may only be returned by specific data partners.

          (structure)
              Contains a search result from a text search query that is run on
              a place index resource.

              Distance -> (double)
                 The distance in meters of a great-circle arc between the bias
                 position specified and the result. Distance will be  returned
                 only if a bias position was specified in the query.

                 NOTE:
                     A  great-circle  arc is the shortest path on a sphere, in
                     this case the Earth. This returns the  shortest  distance
                     between two locations.

              Place -> (structure)
                 Details  about the search result, such as its address and po-
                 sition.

                 AddressNumber -> (string)
                     The numerical portion of an address, such as  a  building
                     number.

                 Country -> (string)
                     A  country/region  specified using ISO 3166 3-digit coun-
                     try/region code. For example, CAN .

                 Geometry -> (structure)
                     Places uses a point geometry to specify a location  or  a
                     Place.

                     Point -> (list)
                        A  single  point  geometry  specifies a location for a
                        Place using WGS 84 coordinates:

                        o x  Specifies the x coordinate or longitude.

                        o y  Specifies the y coordinate or latitude.

                        (double)

                 Interpolated -> (boolean)
                        True if the result is interpolated  from  other  known
                        places.

                        False if the Place is a known place.

                     Not returned when the partner does not provide the infor-
                     mation.

                     For example, returns False for an address  location  that
                     is  found in the partner data, but returns True if an ad-
                     dress does not exist in the partner data and its location
                     is  calculated  by  interpolating between other known ad-
                     dresses.

                 Label -> (string)
                     The full name and address of the point of  interest  such
                     as  a  city,  region,  or  country.  For example, 123 Any
                     Street, Any Town, USA .

                 Municipality -> (string)
                     A name for a local area, such as a city or town name. For
                     example, Toronto .

                 Neighborhood -> (string)
                     The name of a community district. For example, Downtown .

                 PostalCode -> (string)
                     A group of numbers and letters in a country-specific for-
                     mat, which accompanies the address  for  the  purpose  of
                     identifying a location.

                 Region -> (string)
                     A  name  for  an area or geographical division, such as a
                     province or state name. For example, British Columbia .

                 Street -> (string)
                     The name for a street or a road to identify  a  location.
                     For example, Main Street .

                 SubRegion -> (string)
                     A country, or an area that's part of a larger region. For
                     example, Metro Vancouver .

                 TimeZone -> (structure)
                     The time zone in which the  Place  is  located.  Returned
                     only when using Here as the selected partner.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The  name  of  the  time zone, following the IANA time
                        zone standard . For example, America/Los_Angeles .

                     Offset -> (integer)
                        The time zone's offset, in seconds, from UTC.

              Relevance -> (double)
                 The relative confidence in the match for a result  among  the
                 results  returned. For example, if more fields for an address
                 match (including house number, street, city,  country/region,
                 and postal code), the relevance score is closer to 1.

                 Returned only when the partner selected is Esri.

       Summary -> (structure)
          Contains a summary of the request. Echoes the input values for Bias-
          Position , FilterBBox , FilterCountries , Language  ,  MaxResults  ,
          and  Text  . Also includes the DataSource of the place index and the
          bounding box, ResultBBox , which surrounds the search results.

          BiasPosition -> (list)
              Contains the coordinates for the optional bias  position  speci-
              fied in the request.

              This parameter contains a pair of numbers. The first number rep-
              resents the X coordinate, or longitude; the second number repre-
              sents the Y coordinate, or latitude.

              For  example,  [-123.1174, 49.2847] represents the position with
              longitude -123.1174 and latitude 49.2847 .

              (double)

          DataSource -> (string)
              The geospatial data provider attached to  the  place  index  re-
              source  specified  in the request. Values can be one of the fol-
              lowing:

              o Esri

              o Here

              For more information about data providers, see  Amazon  Location
              Service data providers .

          FilterBBox -> (list)
              Contains the coordinates for the optional bounding box specified
              in the request.

              (double)

          FilterCountries -> (list)
              Contains the optional country filter specified in the request.

              (string)

          Language -> (string)
              The preferred language used to return results. Matches the  lan-
              guage  in the request. The value is a valid BCP 47 language tag,
              for example, en for English.

          MaxResults -> (integer)
              Contains the optional result count limit specified  in  the  re-
              quest.

          ResultBBox -> (list)
              The bounding box that fully contains all search results.

              NOTE:
                 If you specified the optional FilterBBox parameter in the re-
                 quest, ResultBBox is contained within FilterBBox .

              (double)

          Text -> (string)
              The search text specified in the request.



                                                 SEARCH-PLACE-INDEX-FOR-TEXT()
