CANCEL-UPDATE-STACK()                                    CANCEL-UPDATE-STACK()



NAME
       cancel-update-stack -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  an  update  on the specified stack. If the call completes suc-
       cessfully, the stack rolls back the update and reverts to the  previous
       stack configuration.

       NOTE:
          You can cancel only stacks that are in the UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS state.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-update-stack
          --stack-name <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-name (string)
          The name or the unique stack ID that is associated with the stack.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique identifier for this CancelUpdateStack request. Specify this
          token if you plan to retry requests  so  that  CloudFormation  knows
          that  you're  not attempting to cancel an update on a stack with the
          same name. You might retry CancelUpdateStack requests to ensure that
          CloudFormation successfully received them.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel a stack update that is in progress

       The following cancel-update-stack command cancels a stack update on the
       myteststack stack:

          aws cloudformation cancel-update-stack --stack-name myteststack

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         CANCEL-UPDATE-STACK()
