DEACTIVATE-TYPE()                                            DEACTIVATE-TYPE()



NAME
       deactivate-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Deactivates  a  public  extension that was previously activated in this
       account and region.

       Once deactivated, an extension cannot be used in any CloudFormation op-
       eration. This includes stack update operations where the stack template
       includes the extension, even if no updates are being made to the exten-
       sion. In addition, deactivated extensions are not automatically updated
       if a new version of the extension is released.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deactivate-type
          [--type-name <value>]
          [--type <value>]
          [--arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --type-name (string)
          The type name of the extension, in this account and region.  If  you
          specified  a  type  name  alias when enabling the extension, use the
          type name alias.

          Conditional: You must specify either Arn , or TypeName and Type .

       --type (string)
          The extension type.

          Conditional: You must specify either Arn , or TypeName and Type .

          Possible values:

          o RESOURCE

          o MODULE

       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the extension,  in  this  account
          and region.

          Conditional: You must specify either Arn , or TypeName and Type .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deactivate a type

       The  following  deactivate-type  example deactivates a public extension
       that was previously activated in this account and Region.

          aws cloudformation deactivate-type \
              --region us-west-2 \
              --type MODULE \
              --type-name Example::Test::Type::MODULE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using the AWS CloudFormation registry in  the
       AWS CloudFormation User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DEACTIVATE-TYPE()
