DELETE-STACK()                                                  DELETE-STACK()



NAME
       delete-stack -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a specified stack. Once the call completes successfully, stack
       deletion starts. Deleted stacks do not show up in  the   DescribeStacks
       API if the deletion has been completed successfully.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-stack
          --stack-name <value>
          [--retain-resources <value>]
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-name (string)
          The name or the unique stack ID that is associated with the stack.

       --retain-resources (list)
          For  stacks  in  the DELETE_FAILED state, a list of resource logical
          IDs that are associated with the resources you want to retain.  Dur-
          ing  deletion,  CloudFormation deletes the stack but does not delete
          the retained resources.

          Retaining resources is useful when you  cannot  delete  a  resource,
          such as a non-empty S3 bucket, but you want to delete the stack.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Identity and Access Management
          (IAM) role that CloudFormation assumes to delete the  stack.  Cloud-
          Formation uses the role's credentials to make calls on your behalf.

          If  you don't specify a value, CloudFormation uses the role that was
          previously associated with the  stack.  If  no  role  is  available,
          CloudFormation  uses a temporary session that is generated from your
          user credentials.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A unique identifier for this DeleteStack request. Specify this token
          if  you  plan  to  retry  requests so that CloudFormation knows that
          you're not attempting to delete a stack  with  the  same  name.  You
          might  retry DeleteStack requests to ensure that CloudFormation suc-
          cessfully received them.

          All events triggered by a given stack  operation  are  assigned  the
          same  client  request  token, which you can use to track operations.
          For example, if you execute a CreateStack operation with  the  token
          token1  ,  then all the StackEvents generated by that operation will
          have ClientRequestToken set as token1 .

          In the console, stack operations display the client request token on
          the Events tab. Stack operations that are initiated from the console
          use the token format Console-StackOperation-ID  ,  which  helps  you
          easily  identify  the stack operation . For example, if you create a
          stack using the console, each stack event would be assigned the same
          token      in     the     following     format:     Console-CreateS-
          tack-7f59c3cf-00d2-40c7-b2ff-e75db0987002 .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a stack

       The following delete-stack example deletes the specified stack.

          aws cloudformation delete-stack \
              --stack-name my-stack

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-STACK()
