DELETE-STACK-SET()                                          DELETE-STACK-SET()



NAME
       delete-stack-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a stack set. Before you can delete a stack set, all of its mem-
       ber stack instances must be deleted. For more information about how  to
       do this, see  DeleteStackInstances .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-stack-set
          --stack-set-name <value>
          [--call-as <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-set-name (string)
          The name or unique ID of the stack set that you're deleting. You can
          obtain this value by running  ListStackSets .

       --call-as (string)
          [Service-managed permissions] Specifies whether you are acting as an
          account administrator in the organization's management account or as
          a delegated administrator in a member account.

          By default,  SELF  is  specified.  Use  SELF  for  stack  sets  with
          self-managed permissions.

          o If you are signed in to the management account, specify SELF .

          o If you are signed in to a delegated administrator account, specify
            DELEGATED_ADMIN . Your Amazon Web Services account must be  regis-
            tered  as a delegated administrator in the management account. For
            more information, see Register a delegated  administrator  in  the
            CloudFormation User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o SELF

          o DELEGATED_ADMIN

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a stack set

       The  following command deletes the specified empty stack set. The stack
       set must be empty.

          aws cloudformation delete-stack-set \
              --stack-set-name my-stack-set

       This command produces no output.

       To delete instances from the stack set, use the  delete-stack-instances
       command.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-STACK-SET()
