DELETE-CHANGE-SET()                                        DELETE-CHANGE-SET()



NAME
       delete-change-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified change set. Deleting change sets ensures that no
       one executes the wrong change set.

       If the call successfully completes, CloudFormation successfully deleted
       the change set.

       If IncludeNestedStacks specifies True during the creation of the nested
       change set, then DeleteChangeSet will delete all change sets  that  be-
       long  to  the stacks hierarchy and will also delete all change sets for
       nested stacks with the status of REVIEW_IN_PROGRESS .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-change-set
          --change-set-name <value>
          [--stack-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --change-set-name (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the change  set  that  you
          want to delete.

       --stack-name (string)
          If  you  specified  the  name of a change set to delete, specify the
          stack name or ID (ARN) that is associated with it.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a change set

       The following delete-change-set example deletes a change set by  speci-
       fying the change set name and stack name.

          aws cloudformation delete-change-set \
              --stack-name my-stack \
              --change-set-name my-change-set

       This command produces no output.

       The  following delete-change-set example deletes a change set by speci-
       fying the full ARN of the change set.

          aws cloudformation delete-change-set \
              --change-set-name arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-2:123456789012:changeSet/my-change-set/4eca1a01-e285-xmpl-8026-9a1967bfb4b0

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-CHANGE-SET()
