DEREGISTER-TYPE()                                            DEREGISTER-TYPE()



NAME
       deregister-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Marks  an extension or extension version as DEPRECATED in the CloudFor-
       mation registry, removing it from active use. Deprecated extensions  or
       extension versions cannot be used in CloudFormation operations.

       To deregister an entire extension, you must individually deregister all
       active versions of that extension. If an extension has  only  a  single
       active version, deregistering that version results in the extension it-
       self being deregistered and marked as deprecated in the registry.

       You cannot deregister the default version of an extension if there  are
       other  active  version  of that extension. If you do deregister the de-
       fault version of an extension, the textensionype itself is deregistered
       as well and marked as deprecated.

       To  view  the  deprecation status of an extension or extension version,
       use DescribeType .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deregister-type
          [--arn <value>]
          [--type <value>]
          [--type-name <value>]
          [--version-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the extension.

          Conditional: You must specify either TypeName and Type , or Arn .

       --type (string)
          The kind of extension.

          Conditional: You must specify either TypeName and Type , or Arn .

          Possible values:

          o RESOURCE

          o MODULE

       --type-name (string)
          The name of the extension.

          Conditional: You must specify either TypeName and Type , or Arn .

       --version-id (string)
          The ID of a specific version of the extension. The version ID is the
          value  at  the end of the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) assigned to the
          extension version when it is registered.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deregister a type version

       The following deregister-type example removes the specified  type  ver-
       sion  from active use in the CloudFormation registry, so that it can no
       longer be used in CloudFormation operations.

          aws cloudformation deregister-type \
              --type RESOURCE \
              --type-name My::Logs::LogGroup \
              --version-id 00000002

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using the CloudFormation Registry in the  AWS
       CloudFormation Users Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DEREGISTER-TYPE()
