EXECUTE-CHANGE-SET()                                      EXECUTE-CHANGE-SET()



NAME
       execute-change-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  a stack using the input information that was provided when the
       specified change set was created.  After  the  call  successfully  com-
       pletes,   CloudFormation  starts  updating  the  stack.  Use  the   De-
       scribeStacks action to view the status of the update.

       When you execute a change set, CloudFormation deletes all other  change
       sets  associated  with  the stack because they aren't valid for the up-
       dated stack.

       If a stack policy is associated with the stack, CloudFormation enforces
       the  policy during the update. You can't specify a temporary stack pol-
       icy that overrides the current policy.

       To create a change set for the entire  stack  hierachy,  IncludeNested-
       Stacks must have been set to True .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            execute-change-set
          --change-set-name <value>
          [--stack-name <value>]
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--disable-rollback | --no-disable-rollback]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --change-set-name (string)
          The  name  or  ARN of the change set that you want use to update the
          specified stack.

       --stack-name (string)
          If you specified the name of a change set, specify the stack name or
          ID (ARN) that is associated with the change set you want to execute.

       --client-request-token (string)
          A  unique identifier for this ExecuteChangeSet request. Specify this
          token if you plan to retry requests  so  that  CloudFormation  knows
          that you're not attempting to execute a change set to update a stack
          with the same name. You might retry ExecuteChangeSet requests to en-
          sure that CloudFormation successfully received them.

       --disable-rollback | --no-disable-rollback (boolean)
          Preserves  the state of previously provisioned resources when an op-
          eration fails.

          Default: True

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To execute a change set

       The following execute-change-set example executes a change  set  speci-
       fied by change set name and stack name.

          aws cloudformation execute-change-set \
              --change-set-name my-change-set \
              --stack-name my-stack

       The  following  execute-change-set example executes a change set speci-
       fied by the full ARN of the change set.

          aws cloudformation execute-change-set \
              --change-set-name arn:aws:cloudformation:us-west-2:123456789012:changeSet/my-change-set/bc9555ba-a949-xmpl-bfb8-f41d04ec5784

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          EXECUTE-CHANGE-SET()
