LIST-STACK-SET-OPERATIONS()                        LIST-STACK-SET-OPERATIONS()



NAME
       list-stack-set-operations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns summary information about operations performed on a stack set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-stack-set-operations  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: Summaries

SYNOPSIS
            list-stack-set-operations
          --stack-set-name <value>
          [--call-as <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-set-name (string)
          The name or unique ID of the stack set that you want to  get  opera-
          tion summaries for.

       --call-as (string)
          [Service-managed permissions] Specifies whether you are acting as an
          account administrator in the organization's management account or as
          a delegated administrator in a member account.

          By  default,  SELF  is  specified.  Use  SELF  for  stack  sets with
          self-managed permissions.

          o If you are signed in to the management account, specify SELF .

          o If you are signed in to a delegated administrator account, specify
            DELEGATED_ADMIN  . Your Amazon Web Services account must be regis-
            tered as a delegated administrator in the management account.  For
            more  information,  see  Register a delegated administrator in the
            CloudFormation User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o SELF

          o DELEGATED_ADMIN

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list stack set operations

       The following list-stack-set-operations example displays  the  list  of
       the most recent operations on the specified stack set.

          aws cloudformation list-stack-set-operations \
              --stack-set-name my-stack-set

       Output:

          {
              "Summaries": [
                  {
                      "OperationId": "35d45ebc-ed88-xmpl-ab59-0197a1fc83a0",
                      "Action": "UPDATE",
                      "Status": "SUCCEEDED",
                      "CreationTimestamp": "2019-10-03T16:28:44.377Z",
                      "EndTimestamp": "2019-10-03T16:42:08.607Z"
                  },
                  {
                      "OperationId": "891aa98f-7118-xmpl-00b2-00954d1dd0d6",
                      "Action": "UPDATE",
                      "Status": "FAILED",
                      "CreationTimestamp": "2019-10-03T15:43:53.916Z",
                      "EndTimestamp": "2019-10-03T15:45:58.925Z"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Summaries -> (list)
          A  list  of StackSetOperationSummary structures that contain summary
          information about operations for the specified stack set.

          (structure)
              The structures that contain summary information about the speci-
              fied operation.

              OperationId -> (string)
                 The unique ID of the stack set operation.

              Action -> (string)
                 The  type  of operation: CREATE , UPDATE , or DELETE . Create
                 and delete operations affect only  the  specified  stack  in-
                 stances that are associated with the specified stack set. Up-
                 date operations affect both the stack set itself as  well  as
                 all associated stack set instances.

              Status -> (string)
                 The overall status of the operation.

                 o FAILED  : The operation exceeded the specified failure tol-
                   erance. The failure tolerance value that you've set for  an
                   operation  is  applied  for each Region during stack create
                   and update operations.  If  the  number  of  failed  stacks
                   within  a  Region exceeds the failure tolerance, the status
                   of the operation in the Region is set to FAILED .  This  in
                   turn  sets the status of the operation as a whole to FAILED
                   , and CloudFormation cancels the operation in any remaining
                   Regions.

                 o QUEUED  :  [Service-managed  permissions] For automatic de-
                   ployments that require a sequence of operations, the opera-
                   tion  is  queued to be performed. For more information, see
                   the stack set operation status codes in the  CloudFormation
                   User Guide.

                 o RUNNING : The operation is currently being performed.

                 o STOPPED : The user has cancelled the operation.

                 o STOPPING  : The operation is in the process of stopping, at
                   user request.

                 o SUCCEEDED : The operation completed  creating  or  updating
                   all the specified stacks without exceeding the failure tol-
                   erance for the operation.

              CreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The time at which the operation was initiated. Note that  the
                 creation  times for the stack set operation might differ from
                 the creation time of the individual stacks  themselves.  This
                 is  because  CloudFormation needs to perform preparatory work
                 for the operation, such as dispatching the work  to  the  re-
                 quested Regions, before actually creating the first stacks.

              EndTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The  time  at which the stack set operation ended, across all
                 accounts and Regions specified. Note that this doesn't neces-
                 sarily  mean  that the stack set operation was successful, or
                 even attempted, in each account or Region.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If the request doesn't return all results, NextToken is set to a to-
          ken.  To retrieve the next set of results, call ListOperationResults
          again and assign that token to the request object's NextToken param-
          eter. If there are no remaining results, NextToken is set to null .



                                                   LIST-STACK-SET-OPERATIONS()
