SIGNAL-RESOURCE()                                            SIGNAL-RESOURCE()



NAME
       signal-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends a signal to the specified resource with a success or failure sta-
       tus. You can use the SignalResource API in conjunction with a  creation
       policy  or  update  policy. CloudFormation doesn't proceed with a stack
       creation or update until resources receive the required number of  sig-
       nals  or the timeout period is exceeded. The SignalResource API is use-
       ful in cases where you want to send signals from anywhere other than an
       Amazon EC2 instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            signal-resource
          --stack-name <value>
          --logical-resource-id <value>
          --unique-id <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-name (string)
          The  stack  name  or unique stack ID that includes the resource that
          you want to signal.

       --logical-resource-id (string)
          The logical ID of the resource that you want to signal. The  logical
          ID is the name of the resource that given in the template.

       --unique-id (string)
          A  unique  ID of the signal. When you signal Amazon EC2 instances or
          Auto Scaling groups, specify the instance ID that you are  signaling
          as  the unique ID. If you send multiple signals to a single resource
          (such as signaling a wait condition), each signal requires a differ-
          ent unique ID.

       --status (string)
          The  status  of  the  signal,  which is either success or failure. A
          failure signal causes CloudFormation to immediately fail  the  stack
          creation or update.

          Possible values:

          o SUCCESS

          o FAILURE

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To signal a resource

       The  following  signal-resource  example signals success to fulfill the
       wait condition named MyWaitCondition in the stack named my-stack.

          aws cloudformation signal-resource \
              --stack-name my-stack \
              --logical-resource-id MyWaitCondition \
              --unique-id 1234 \
              --status SUCCESS

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             SIGNAL-RESOURCE()
