STOP-STACK-SET-OPERATION()                          STOP-STACK-SET-OPERATION()



NAME
       stop-stack-set-operation -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops  an in-progress operation on a stack set and its associated stack
       instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-stack-set-operation
          --stack-set-name <value>
          --operation-id <value>
          [--call-as <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stack-set-name (string)
          The name or unique ID of the stack set that you want to stop the op-
          eration for.

       --operation-id (string)
          The ID of the stack operation.

       --call-as (string)
          [Service-managed permissions] Specifies whether you are acting as an
          account administrator in the organization's management account or as
          a delegated administrator in a member account.

          By  default,  SELF  is  specified.  Use  SELF  for  stack  sets with
          self-managed permissions.

          o If you are signed in to the management account, specify SELF .

          o If you are signed in to a delegated administrator account, specify
            DELEGATED_ADMIN  . Your Amazon Web Services account must be regis-
            tered as a delegated administrator in the management account.  For
            more  information,  see  Register a delegated administrator in the
            CloudFormation User Guide .

          Possible values:

          o SELF

          o DELEGATED_ADMIN

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop a stack set operation

       The following stop-stack-set-operation example stops an in-progess  up-
       date operation on the specified stack set.

          aws cloudformation stop-stack-set-operation \
              --stack-set-name my-stack-set \
              --operation-id 1261cd27-490b-xmpl-ab42-793a896c69e6

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    STOP-STACK-SET-OPERATION()
