UPDATE-TERMINATION-PROTECTION()                UPDATE-TERMINATION-PROTECTION()



NAME
       update-termination-protection -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  termination  protection for the specified stack. If a user at-
       tempts to delete a stack with termination protection enabled, the oper-
       ation  fails and the stack remains unchanged. For more information, see
       Protecting a Stack From Being Deleted in the CloudFormation User  Guide
       .

       For nested stacks , termination protection is set on the root stack and
       can't be changed directly on the nested stack.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-termination-protection
          --enable-termination-protection | --no-enable-termination-protection
          --stack-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --enable-termination-protection  |   --no-enable-termination-protection
       (boolean)
          Whether to enable termination protection on the specified stack.

       --stack-name (string)
          The  name or unique ID of the stack for which you want to set termi-
          nation protection.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To enable termination protection

       The following update-termination-protection example enables termination
       protection on the specified stack.

          aws cloudformation update-termination-protection \
              --stack-name my-stack \
              --enable-termination-protection

       Output:

          {
              "StackId": "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-west-2:123456789012:stack/my-stack/d0a825a0-e4cd-xmpl-b9fb-061c69e99204"
          }

OUTPUT
       StackId -> (string)
          The unique ID of the stack.



                                               UPDATE-TERMINATION-PROTECTION()
