START-PROJECT-SESSION()                                START-PROJECT-SESSION()



NAME
       start-project-session -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  interactive  session, enabling you to manipulate data in a
       DataBrew project.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-project-session
          --name <value>
          [--assume-control | --no-assume-control]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the project to act upon.

       --assume-control | --no-assume-control (boolean)
          A value that, if true, enables you to take  control  of  a  session,
          even if a different client is currently accessing the project.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the project to be acted upon.

       ClientSessionId -> (string)
          A system-generated identifier for the session.



                                                       START-PROJECT-SESSION()
