GET-READINESS-CHECK-RESOURCE-STATUS()    GET-READINESS-CHECK-RESOURCE-STATUS()



NAME
       get-readiness-check-resource-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  individual  readiness  status  for  a readiness check. To see the
       overall readiness status for  a  recovery  group,  that  considers  the
       readiness  status  for  all the readiness checks in the recovery group,
       use GetRecoveryGroupReadinessSummary.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-readiness-check-resource-status is a paginated operation.  Multiple
       API calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: Rules

SYNOPSIS
            get-readiness-check-resource-status
          --readiness-check-name <value>
          --resource-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --readiness-check-name (string)
          Name of a readiness check.

       --resource-identifier (string)
          The  resource identifier, which is the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) or
          the identifier generated for the resource  by  Application  Recovery
          Controller (for example, for a DNS target resource).

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextToken -> (string)
          The token that identifies which batch of results you want to see.

       Readiness -> (string)
          The readiness at a rule level.

       Rules -> (list)
          Details of the rule's results.

          (structure)
              The  result of a successful Rule request, with status for an in-
              dividual rule.

              LastCheckedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The time the resource was  last  checked  for  readiness,  in
                 ISO-8601 format, UTC.

              Messages -> (list)
                 Details about the resource's readiness.

                 (structure)
                     Information relating to readiness check status.

                     MessageText -> (string)
                        The text of a readiness check message.

              Readiness -> (string)
                 The readiness at rule level.

              RuleId -> (string)
                 The identifier of the rule.



                                         GET-READINESS-CHECK-RESOURCE-STATUS()
