GET-CELL()                                                          GET-CELL()



NAME
       get-cell -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about a cell including cell name, cell Amazon Resource
       Name (ARN), ARNs of nested cells for this cell, and  a  list  of  those
       cell ARNs with their associated recovery group ARNs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-cell
          --cell-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cell-name (string)
          The name of the cell.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CellArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the cell.

       CellName -> (string)
          The name of the cell.

       Cells -> (list)
          A list of cell ARNs.

          (string)

       ParentReadinessScopes -> (list)
          The readiness scope for the cell, which can be  a  cell  Amazon  Re-
          source  Name  (ARN) or a recovery group ARN. This is a list but cur-
          rently can have only one element.

          (string)

       Tags -> (map)
          Tags on the resources.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                                    GET-CELL()
