GET-ARCHITECTURE-RECOMMENDATIONS()          GET-ARCHITECTURE-RECOMMENDATIONS()



NAME
       get-architecture-recommendations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  collection  of  recommendations  to improve resilliance and
       readiness check quality for a Recovery Group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-architecture-recommendations
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          --recovery-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-results (integer) Upper bound on number of records to return.

       --next-token (string) A token that can be  used  to  resume  pagination
       from the end of the collection.

       --recovery-group-name  (string)  Name  of  RecoveryGroup (top level re-
       source) to be analyzed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       LastAuditTimestamp -> (timestamp)
          The time a Recovery Group was last assessed for  recommendations  in
          UTC ISO-8601 format.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  that  can be used to resume pagination from the end of the
          collection

       Recommendations -> (list)
          A list of recommendations for the customer's application

          (structure)
              Guidance for improving Recovery Group resilliancy

              RecommendationText -> (string)
                 Guidance text for recommendation



                                            GET-ARCHITECTURE-RECOMMENDATIONS()
