DB-SNAPSHOT-AVAILABLE()                                DB-SNAPSHOT-AVAILABLE()



NAME
       db-snapshot-available -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until  JMESPath  query DBSnapshots[].Status returns available for
       all elements when polling with describe-db-snapshots. It will poll  ev-
       ery  30  seconds  until  a successful state has been reached. This will
       exit with a return code of 255 after 60 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       db-snapshot-available is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: DBSnapshots

SYNOPSIS
            db-snapshot-available
          [--db-instance-identifier <value>]
          [--db-snapshot-identifier <value>]
          [--snapshot-type <value>]
          [--filters <value>]
          [--include-shared | --no-include-shared]
          [--include-public | --no-include-public]
          [--dbi-resource-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-instance-identifier (string)
          The  ID of the DB instance to retrieve the list of DB snapshots for.
          This parameter can't be used in conjunction  with  DBSnapshotIdenti-
          fier . This parameter isn't case-sensitive.

          Constraints:

          o If supplied, must match the identifier of an existing DBInstance.

       --db-snapshot-identifier (string)
          A  specific DB snapshot identifier to describe. This parameter can't
          be used in conjunction with DBInstanceIdentifier  .  This  value  is
          stored as a lowercase string.

          Constraints:

          o If supplied, must match the identifier of an existing DBSnapshot.

          o If  this identifier is for an automated snapshot, the SnapshotType
            parameter must also be specified.

       --snapshot-type (string)
          The type of snapshots to be returned. You can  specify  one  of  the
          following values:

          o automated  -  Return all DB snapshots that have been automatically
            taken by Amazon RDS for my Amazon Web Services account.

          o manual - Return all DB snapshots that have been taken by my Amazon
            Web Services account.

          o shared  -  Return all manual DB snapshots that have been shared to
            my Amazon Web Services account.

          o public - Return all DB snapshots that have been marked as public.

          o awsbackup - Return the DB snapshots managed by the Amazon Web Ser-
            vices  Backup  service.  For information about Amazon Web Services
            Backup, see the ` Amazon  Web  Services  Backup  Developer  Guide.
            https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/whatisbackup.html`__
            The awsbackup type does not apply to Aurora.

          If you don't specify a SnapshotType value, then both  automated  and
          manual  snapshots  are  returned. Shared and public DB snapshots are
          not included in the returned results by  default.  You  can  include
          shared  snapshots  with  these results by enabling the IncludeShared
          parameter. You can include public snapshots with  these  results  by
          enabling the IncludePublic parameter.

          The IncludeShared and IncludePublic parameters don't apply for Snap-
          shotType values of manual or automated . The IncludePublic parameter
          doesn't apply when SnapshotType is set to shared . The IncludeShared
          parameter doesn't apply when SnapshotType is set to public .

       --filters (list)
          A filter that specifies one or more DB snapshots to describe.

          Supported filters:

          o db-instance-id - Accepts DB instance identifiers and  DB  instance
            Amazon Resource Names (ARNs).

          o db-snapshot-id - Accepts DB snapshot identifiers.

          o dbi-resource-id - Accepts identifiers of source DB instances.

          o snapshot-type - Accepts types of DB snapshots.

          o engine - Accepts names of database engines.

          (structure)
              A  filter name and value pair that is used to return a more spe-
              cific list of results from a describe operation. Filters can  be
              used  to  match a set of resources by specific criteria, such as
              IDs. The filters supported by a  describe  operation  are  docu-
              mented with the describe operation.

              NOTE:
                 Currently, wildcards are not supported in filters.

              The following actions can be filtered:

              o DescribeDBClusterBacktracks

              o DescribeDBClusterEndpoints

              o DescribeDBClusters

              o DescribeDBInstances

              o DescribePendingMaintenanceActions

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the filter. Filter names are case-sensitive.

              Values -> (list)
                 One or more filter values. Filter values are case-sensitive.

                 (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Name=string,Values=string,string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Name": "string",
              "Values": ["string", ...]
            }
            ...
          ]

       --include-shared | --no-include-shared (boolean)
          A  value  that indicates whether to include shared manual DB cluster
          snapshots from other Amazon Web Services accounts that  this  Amazon
          Web  Services  account has been given permission to copy or restore.
          By default, these snapshots are not included.

          You can give an Amazon Web Services account permission to restore  a
          manual DB snapshot from another Amazon Web Services account by using
          the ModifyDBSnapshotAttribute API action.

          This setting doesn't apply to RDS Custom.

       --include-public | --no-include-public (boolean)
          A value that indicates whether to include manual  DB  cluster  snap-
          shots  that  are  public and can be copied or restored by any Amazon
          Web Services account. By default, the public snapshots are  not  in-
          cluded.

          You can share a manual DB snapshot as public by using the  ModifyDB-
          SnapshotAttribute API.

          This setting doesn't apply to RDS Custom.

       --dbi-resource-id (string)
          A specific DB resource ID to describe.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DB-SNAPSHOT-AVAILABLE()
