DESCRIBE-SERVICE-ACCESS-POLICIES()          DESCRIBE-SERVICE-ACCESS-POLICIES()



NAME
       describe-service-access-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information  about the access policies that control access to the
       domain's document and search endpoints. By default, shows the  configu-
       ration  with  any  pending  changes. Set the Deployed option to true to
       show the active configuration and exclude pending changes. For more in-
       formation,  see  Configuring  Access  for a Search Domain in the Amazon
       CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-service-access-policies
          --domain-name <value>
          [--deployed | --no-deployed]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain you want to describe.

       --deployed | --no-deployed (boolean)
          Whether to display the deployed configuration (true ) or include any
          pending changes (false ). Defaults to false .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AccessPolicies -> (structure)
          The access rules configured for the domain specified in the request.

          Options -> (string)
              Access rules for a domain's  document  or  search  service  end-
              points.  For  more  information,  see  Configuring  Access for a
              Search Domain in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer  Guide  .  The
              maximum size of a policy document is 100 KB.

          Status -> (structure)
              The status of domain configuration option.

              CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                 A timestamp for when this option was created.

              UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                 A timestamp for when this option was last updated.

              UpdateVersion -> (integer)
                 A unique integer that indicates when this option was last up-
                 dated.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of processing a change to an option. Possible  val-
                 ues:

                 o RequiresIndexDocuments : the option's latest value will not
                   be deployed until  IndexDocuments has been called  and  in-
                   dexing is complete.

                 o Processing : the option's latest value is in the process of
                   being activated.

                 o Active : the option's latest value is completely deployed.

                 o FailedToValidate : the option value is not compatible  with
                   the domain's data and cannot be used to index the data. You
                   must either modify the option value or update or remove the
                   incompatible documents.

              PendingDeletion -> (boolean)
                 Indicates  that the option will be deleted once processing is
                 complete.



                                            DESCRIBE-SERVICE-ACCESS-POLICIES()
