DESCRIBE-SUGGESTERS()                                    DESCRIBE-SUGGESTERS()



NAME
       describe-suggesters -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the suggesters configured for a domain. A suggester enables you to
       display possible matches before users finish typing their queries.  Can
       be  limited  to specific suggesters by name. By default, shows all sug-
       gesters and includes any pending changes to the configuration. Set  the
       Deployed  option  to  true to show the active configuration and exclude
       pending changes. For more information, see Getting  Search  Suggestions
       in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-suggesters
          --domain-name <value>
          [--suggester-names <value>]
          [--deployed | --no-deployed]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain you want to describe.

       --suggester-names (list)
          The suggesters you want to describe.

          (string)
              Names  must  begin  with  a letter and can contain the following
              characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and _ (underscore).

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --deployed | --no-deployed (boolean)
          Whether to display the deployed configuration (true ) or include any
          pending changes (false ). Defaults to false .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Suggesters -> (list)
          The suggesters configured for the domain specified in the request.

          (structure)
              The value of a Suggester and its current status.

              Options -> (structure)
                 Configuration  information  for a search suggester. Each sug-
                 gester has a unique name and specifies  the  text  field  you
                 want  to  use  for  suggestions. The following options can be
                 configured for a suggester: FuzzyMatching , SortExpression .

                 SuggesterName -> (string)
                     Names must begin with a letter and can contain  the  fol-
                     lowing  characters:  a-z  (lowercase), 0-9, and _ (under-
                     score).

                 DocumentSuggesterOptions -> (structure)
                     Options for a search suggester.

                     SourceField -> (string)
                        The name of the index field you want to use  for  sug-
                        gestions.

                     FuzzyMatching -> (string)
                        The level of fuzziness allowed when suggesting matches
                        for a string: none , low , or high .  With  none,  the
                        specified  string  is treated as an exact prefix. With
                        low, suggestions must differ from the specified string
                        by  no more than one character. With high, suggestions
                        can differ by up to two  characters.  The  default  is
                        none.

                     SortExpression -> (string)
                        An  expression  that computes a score for each sugges-
                        tion to control how they are sorted.  The  scores  are
                        rounded  to the nearest integer, with a floor of 0 and
                        a ceiling of 2^31-1. A document's relevance  score  is
                        not computed for suggestions, so sort expressions can-
                        not reference the _score value.  To  sort  suggestions
                        using  a  numeric field or existing expression, simply
                        specify the name of the field or expression. If no ex-
                        pression  is configured for the suggester, the sugges-
                        tions are  sorted  with  the  closest  matches  listed
                        first.

              Status -> (structure)
                 The status of domain configuration option.

                 CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp for when this option was created.

                 UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp for when this option was last updated.

                 UpdateVersion -> (integer)
                     A unique integer that indicates when this option was last
                     updated.

                 State -> (string)
                     The state of processing a change to an  option.  Possible
                     values:

                     o RequiresIndexDocuments : the option's latest value will
                       not be deployed until  IndexDocuments has  been  called
                       and indexing is complete.

                     o Processing  :  the  option's  latest  value  is  in the
                       process of being activated.

                     o Active : the option's latest value  is  completely  de-
                       ployed.

                     o FailedToValidate  :  the option value is not compatible
                       with the domain's data and cannot be used to index  the
                       data. You must either modify the option value or update
                       or remove the incompatible documents.

                 PendingDeletion -> (boolean)
                     Indicates that the option will be deleted once processing
                     is complete.



                                                         DESCRIBE-SUGGESTERS()
