DESCRIBE-EXPRESSIONS()                                  DESCRIBE-EXPRESSIONS()



NAME
       describe-expressions -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  the  expressions configured for the search domain. Can be limited
       to specific expressions by name. By default, shows all expressions  and
       includes any pending changes to the configuration. Set the Deployed op-
       tion to true to show  the  active  configuration  and  exclude  pending
       changes.  For more information, see Configuring Expressions in the Ama-
       zon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-expressions
          --domain-name <value>
          [--expression-names <value>]
          [--deployed | --no-deployed]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain you want to describe.

       --expression-names (list)
          Limits the `` DescribeExpressions`` response to  the  specified  ex-
          pressions. If not specified, all expressions are shown.

          (string)
              Names  must  begin  with  a letter and can contain the following
              characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and _ (underscore).

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --deployed | --no-deployed (boolean)
          Whether to display the deployed configuration (true ) or include any
          pending changes (false ). Defaults to false .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Expressions -> (list)
          The expressions configured for the domain.

          (structure)
              The value of an Expression and its current status.

              Options -> (structure)
                 The expression that is evaluated for sorting while processing
                 a search request.

                 ExpressionName -> (string)
                     Names  must  begin with a letter and can contain the fol-
                     lowing characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9,  and  _  (under-
                     score).

                 ExpressionValue -> (string)
                     The expression to evaluate for sorting while processing a
                     search request. The Expression syntax is based  on  Java-
                     Script expressions. For more information, see Configuring
                     Expressions in the Amazon CloudSearch Developer Guide .

              Status -> (structure)
                 The status of domain configuration option.

                 CreationDate -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp for when this option was created.

                 UpdateDate -> (timestamp)
                     A timestamp for when this option was last updated.

                 UpdateVersion -> (integer)
                     A unique integer that indicates when this option was last
                     updated.

                 State -> (string)
                     The  state  of processing a change to an option. Possible
                     values:

                     o RequiresIndexDocuments : the option's latest value will
                       not  be  deployed until  IndexDocuments has been called
                       and indexing is complete.

                     o Processing :  the  option's  latest  value  is  in  the
                       process of being activated.

                     o Active  :  the  option's latest value is completely de-
                       ployed.

                     o FailedToValidate : the option value is  not  compatible
                       with  the domain's data and cannot be used to index the
                       data. You must either modify the option value or update
                       or remove the incompatible documents.

                 PendingDeletion -> (boolean)
                     Indicates that the option will be deleted once processing
                     is complete.



                                                        DESCRIBE-EXPRESSIONS()
