INDEX-DOCUMENTS()                                            INDEX-DOCUMENTS()



NAME
       index-documents -

DESCRIPTION
       Tells  the search domain to start indexing its documents using the lat-
       est indexing options. This operation must be invoked  to  activate  op-
       tions whose  OptionStatus is RequiresIndexDocuments .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            index-documents
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          A  string  that  represents  the  name of a domain. Domain names are
          unique across the domains owned by an account within an AWS  region.
          Domain  names start with a letter or number and can contain the fol-
          lowing characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FieldNames -> (list)
          The names of the fields that are currently being indexed.

          (string)
              A string that represents the name of an index field. CloudSearch
              supports  regular  index fields as well as dynamic fields. A dy-
              namic field's name defines a pattern that begins or ends with  a
              wildcard.  Any document fields that don't map to a regular index
              field but do match a dynamic field's pattern are configured with
              the dynamic field's indexing options.

              Regular field names begin with a letter and can contain the fol-
              lowing characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and _ (underscore). Dy-
              namic  field  names  must  begin or end with a wildcard (*). The
              wildcard can also be the only character in a dynamic field name.
              Multiple  wildcards,  and wildcards embedded within a string are
              not supported.

              The name score is reserved and cannot be used as a  field  name.
              To reference a document's ID, you can use the name _id .



                                                             INDEX-DOCUMENTS()
