LIST-DOMAIN-NAMES()                                        LIST-DOMAIN-NAMES()



NAME
       list-domain-names -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all search domains owned by an account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-domain-names
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DomainNames -> (map)
          The names of the search domains owned by an account.

          key -> (string)
              A  string that represents the name of a domain. Domain names are
              unique across the domains owned by an account within an AWS  re-
              gion. Domain names start with a letter or number and can contain
              the following characters: a-z (lowercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).

          value -> (string)
              The Amazon CloudSearch API version for a domain:  2011-02-01  or
              2013-01-01.



                                                           LIST-DOMAIN-NAMES()
