CREATE-APPLICATION-PRESIGNED-URL()          CREATE-APPLICATION-PRESIGNED-URL()



NAME
       create-application-presigned-url -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  and  returns  a URL that you can use to connect to an applica-
       tion's extension. Currently, the only available extension is the Apache
       Flink dashboard.

       The  IAM  role or user used to call this API defines the permissions to
       access the extension. After the presigned URL is created, no additional
       permission  is  required to access this URL. IAM authorization policies
       for this API are also enforced for every HTTP request that attempts  to
       connect to the extension.

       You  control  the  amount  of time that the URL will be valid using the
       SessionExpirationDurationInSeconds parameter. If  you  do  not  provide
       this parameter, the returned URL is valid for twelve hours.

       NOTE:
          The  URL  that  you get from a call to CreateApplicationPresignedUrl
          must be used within 3 minutes to be valid. If you first try  to  use
          the  URL  after  the  3-minute limit expires, the service returns an
          HTTP 403 Forbidden error.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-application-presigned-url
          --application-name <value>
          --url-type <value>
          [--session-expiration-duration-in-seconds <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application.

       --url-type (string)
          The type of the extension for which to create and return a URL. Cur-
          rently, the only valid extension URL type is FLINK_DASHBOARD_URL .

          Possible values:

          o FLINK_DASHBOARD_URL

          o ZEPPELIN_UI_URL

       --session-expiration-duration-in-seconds (long)
          The duration in seconds for which the returned URL will be valid.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AuthorizedUrl -> (string)
          The URL of the extension.



                                            CREATE-APPLICATION-PRESIGNED-URL()
