DELETE-APPLICATION-INPUT-PRDELETE-APPLICATION-INPUT-PROCESSING-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-application-input-processing-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an  InputProcessingConfiguration from an input.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-application-input-processing-configuration
          --application-name <value>
          --current-application-version-id <value>
          --input-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the application.

       --current-application-version-id (long)
          The application version. You can use the  DescribeApplication opera-
          tion to get the current application version. If the  version  speci-
          fied is not the current version, the ConcurrentModificationException
          is returned.

       --input-id (string)
          The ID of the input configuration from which  to  delete  the  input
          processing configuration. You can get a list of the input IDs for an
          application by using the  DescribeApplication operation.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ApplicationARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.

       ApplicationVersionId -> (long)
          The current application version ID.



                           DELETE-APPLICATION-INPUT-PROCESSING-CONFIGURATION()
