DESCRIBE-APPLICATION-SNAPSHOT()                DESCRIBE-APPLICATION-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       describe-application-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about a snapshot of application state data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-application-snapshot
          --application-name <value>
          --snapshot-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of an existing application.

       --snapshot-name (string)
          The  identifier  of  an  application snapshot. You can retrieve this
          value using .

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SnapshotDetails -> (structure)
          An object containing information about the application snapshot.

          SnapshotName -> (string)
              The identifier for the application snapshot.

          SnapshotStatus -> (string)
              The status of the application snapshot.

          ApplicationVersionId -> (long)
              The  current  application  version ID when the snapshot was cre-
              ated.

          SnapshotCreationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of the application snapshot.



                                               DESCRIBE-APPLICATION-SNAPSHOT()
