STOP-APPLICATION()                                          STOP-APPLICATION()



NAME
       stop-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops the application from processing data. You can stop an application
       only if it is in the running status, unless you set the Force parameter
       to true .

       You  can use the  DescribeApplication operation to find the application
       status.

       Kinesis Data  Analytics  takes  a  snapshot  when  the  application  is
       stopped, unless Force is set to true .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-application
          --application-name <value>
          [--force | --no-force]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          The name of the running application to stop.

       --force | --no-force (boolean)
          Set  to  true  to force the application to stop. If you set Force to
          true , Kinesis Data Analytics stops the application without taking a
          snapshot.

          NOTE:
              Force-stopping  your application may lead to data loss or dupli-
              cation. To prevent data loss or  duplicate  processing  of  data
              during  application  restarts, we recommend you to take frequent
              snapshots of your application.

          You can only force stop a Flink-based Kinesis Data Analytics  appli-
          cation.  You can't force stop a SQL-based Kinesis Data Analytics ap-
          plication.

          The application must be in the STARTING , UPDATING , STOPPING ,  AU-
          TOSCALING , or RUNNING status.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            STOP-APPLICATION()
