TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  one  or  more key-value tags to a Kinesis Data Analytics applica-
       tion. Note that the maximum number of application tags includes  system
       tags.  The  maximum  number of user-defined application tags is 50. For
       more information, see Using Tagging .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the application to assign the tags.

       --tags (list)
          The key-value tags to assign to the application.

          (structure)
              A key-value pair (the value is optional) that you can define and
              assign  to  Amazon  resources. If you specify a tag that already
              exists, the tag value is replaced with the value that you  spec-
              ify  in the request. Note that the maximum number of application
              tags includes system tags. The maximum  number  of  user-defined
              application  tags is 50. For more information, see Using Tagging
              .

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the key-value tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the key-value tag. The value is optional.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
