CREATE-DEPLOYMENT()                                        CREATE-DEPLOYMENT()



NAME
       create-deployment -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  and starts a deployment to deploy an application into an envi-
       ronment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-deployment
          --application-id <value>
          --application-version <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          --environment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The application identifier.

       --application-version (integer)
          The version of the application to deploy.

       --client-token (string)
          Unique, case-sensitive identifier you provide to ensure the  idempo-
          tency  of  the request to create a deployment. The service generates
          the clientToken when the API call is triggered.  The  token  expires
          after  one  hour, so if you retry the API within this timeframe with
          the same clientToken, you will get the same  response.  The  service
          also handles deleting the clientToken after it expires.

       --environment-id (string)
          The identifier of the environment where this application will be de-
          ployed.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       deploymentId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the deployment.



                                                           CREATE-DEPLOYMENT()
