DELETE-APPLICATION-FROM-ENVIRONMENT()    DELETE-APPLICATION-FROM-ENVIRONMENT()



NAME
       delete-application-from-environment -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  specific  application from a specified environment where it
       has been previously deployed. You cannot delete  an  environment  using
       DeleteEnvironment,  if  any  application  has ever been deployed to it.
       This API removes the association of the application with  the  environ-
       ment so you can delete the environment smoothly.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-application-from-environment
          --application-id <value>
          --environment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the application you want to delete.

       --environment-id (string)
          The  unique identifier of the runtime environment where the applica-
          tion was previously deployed.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                         DELETE-APPLICATION-FROM-ENVIRONMENT()
