GET-DATA-SET-DETAILS()                                  GET-DATA-SET-DETAILS()



NAME
       get-data-set-details -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the details of a specific data set.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-data-set-details
          --application-id <value>
          --data-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the application that this data set is asso-
          ciated with.

       --data-set-name (string)
          The name of the data set.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       blocksize -> (integer)
          The size of the block on disk.

       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp when the data set was created.

       dataSetName -> (string)
          The name of the data set.

       dataSetOrg -> (structure)
          The type of data set. Possible values include VSAM, IS, PS, GDG, PO,
          PS, or unknown.

          gdg -> (structure)
              The generation data group of the data set.

              limit -> (integer)
                 The maximum number of generation data sets, up to 255,  in  a
                 GDG.

              rollDisposition -> (string)
                 The disposition of the data set in the catalog.

          vsam -> (structure)
              The details of a VSAM data set.

              alternateKeys -> (list)
                 The alternate key definitions, if any. A legacy dataset might
                 not have any alternate key defined, but  if  those  alternate
                 keys  definitions  exist,  provide  them as some applications
                 will make use of them.

                 (structure)
                     Defines an alternate  key.  This  value  is  optional.  A
                     legacy  data set might not have any alternate key defined
                     but if those alternate keys  definitions  exist,  provide
                     them, as some applications will make use of them.

                     allowDuplicates -> (boolean)
                        Indicates  whether  the  alternate key values are sup-
                        posed to be unique for the given data set.

                     length -> (integer)
                        A strictly positive  integer  value  representing  the
                        length of the alternate key.

                     name -> (string)
                        The name of the alternate key.

                     offset -> (integer)
                        A  positive  integer  value representing the offset to
                        mark the start of the alternate key part in the record
                        byte array.

              cacheAtStartup -> (boolean)
                 If  set to True, enforces loading the data set into cache be-
                 fore its used by the application.

              compressed -> (boolean)
                 Indicates whether indexes for this dataset are stored as com-
                 pressed values. If you have a large data set (typically > 100
                 Mb), consider setting this flag to True.

              encoding -> (string)
                 The character set used by the data set. Can be ASCII, EBCDIC,
                 or unknown.

              primaryKey -> (structure)
                 The primary key of the data set.

                 length -> (integer)
                     A strictly positive integer value representing the length
                     of the primary key.

                 name -> (string)
                     A name for the Primary Key.

                 offset -> (integer)
                     A positive integer value representing the offset to  mark
                     the start of the primary key in the record byte array.

              recordFormat -> (string)
                 The record format of the data set.

       lastReferencedTime -> (timestamp)
          The last time the data set was referenced.

       lastUpdatedTime -> (timestamp)
          The last time the data set was updated.

       location -> (string)
          The locaion where the data set is stored.

       recordLength -> (integer)
          The length of records in the data set.



                                                        GET-DATA-SET-DETAILS()
