GET-APPLICATION-VERSION()                            GET-APPLICATION-VERSION()



NAME
       get-application-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns details about a specific version of a specific application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-application-version
          --application-id <value>
          --application-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the application.

       --application-version (integer)
          The specific version of the application.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applicationVersion -> (integer)
          The specific version of the application.

       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The timestamp when the application version was created.

       definitionContent -> (string)
          The content of the application definition. This  is  a  JSON  object
          that  contains  the resource configuration/definitions that identify
          an application.

       description -> (string)
          The application description.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the application version.

       status -> (string)
          The status of the application version.

       statusReason -> (string)
          The reason for the reported status.



                                                     GET-APPLICATION-VERSION()
