LIST-APPLICATIONS()                                        LIST-APPLICATIONS()



NAME
       list-applications -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  applications associated with a specific Amazon Web Services
       account. You can provide the unique identifier of a  specific  environ-
       ment  in a query parameter to see all applications associated with that
       environment.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-applications is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: applications

SYNOPSIS
            list-applications
          [--environment-id <value>]
          [--names <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --environment-id (string)
          The  unique identifier of the runtime environment where the applica-
          tions are deployed.

       --names (list)
          The names of the applications.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       applications -> (list)
          Returns a list of summary details for all the applications in an en-
          vironment.

          (structure)
              A subset of the possible application attributes. Used in the ap-
              plication list.

              applicationArn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.

              applicationId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier of the application.

              applicationVersion -> (integer)
                 The version of the application.

              creationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the application was created.

              deploymentStatus -> (string)
                 Indicates whether there is an ongoing deployment  or  if  the
                 application has ever deployed successfully.

              description -> (string)
                 The description of the application.

              engineType -> (string)
                 The type of the target platform for this application.

              environmentId -> (string)
                 The  unique  identifier of the runtime environment that hosts
                 this application.

              lastStartTime -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp when the application was last started. Null un-
                 til the application has started running for the first time.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the application.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the application.

              versionStatus -> (string)
                 Indicates  the  status  of the latest version of the applica-
                 tion.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A pagination token that's returned when the response doesn't contain
          all applications.



                                                           LIST-APPLICATIONS()
