CREATE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()          CREATE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-replication-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  replication  configuration  that replicates an existing EFS
       file system to a new, read-only file system. For more information,  see
       Amazon  EFS  replication in the Amazon EFS User Guide . The replication
       configuration specifies the following:

       o Source file system - An existing EFS file system that you want repli-
         cated.  The source file system cannot be a destination file system in
         an existing replication configuration.

       o Destination file system configuration - The configuration of the des-
         tination  file  system to which the source file system will be repli-
         cated. There can only be one destination file system in a replication
         configuration.  The destination file system configuration consists of
         the following properties:

         o Amazon Web Services Region - The  Amazon  Web  Services  Region  in
           which  the  destination file system is created. Amazon EFS replica-
           tion is available in all Amazon Web Services  Regions  that  Amazon
           EFS  is available in, except Africa (Cape Town), Asia Pacific (Hong
           Kong), Asia Pacific (Jakarta),  Europe  (Milan),  and  Middle  East
           (Bahrain).

         o Availability  Zone - If you want the destination file system to use
           EFS One Zone availability and  durability,  you  must  specify  the
           Availability  Zone  to create the file system in. For more informa-
           tion about EFS storage classes, see Amazon EFS storage  classes  in
           the Amazon EFS User Guide .

         o Encryption  - All destination file systems are created with encryp-
           tion at rest enabled. You can specify the  Key  Management  Service
           (KMS)  key  that is used to encrypt the destination file system. If
           you don't specify a KMS key, your service-managed KMS key for  Ama-
           zon EFS is used.

         NOTE:
            After the file system is created, you cannot change the KMS key.

       The following properties are set by default:

       o Performance  mode  -  The  destination file system's performance mode
         matches that of the source file system, unless the  destination  file
         system  uses  EFS One Zone storage. In that case, the General Purpose
         performance mode is used. The performance mode cannot be changed.

       o Throughput mode -  The  destination  file  system's  throughput  mode
         matches that of the source file system. After the file system is cre-
         ated, you can modify the throughput mode.

       The following properties are turned off by default:

       o Lifecycle management - EFS  lifecycle  management  and  EFS  Intelli-
         gent-Tiering  are  not  enabled on the destination file system. After
         the destination file system is created, you can enable EFS  lifecycle
         management and EFS Intelligent-Tiering.

       o Automatic backups - Automatic daily backups not enabled on the desti-
         nation file system. After the file system is created, you can  change
         this setting.

       For more information, see Amazon EFS replication in the Amazon EFS User
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            create-replication-configuration
          --source-file-system-id <value>
          --destinations <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-file-system-id (string)
          Specifies the Amazon EFS file system that  you  want  to  replicate.
          This file system cannot already be a source or destination file sys-
          tem in another replication configuration.

       --destinations (list)
          An array of destination configuration objects. Only one  destination
          configuration object is supported.

          (structure)
              Describes  the destination file system to create in the replica-
              tion configuration.

              Region -> (string)
                 To create a file system that uses Regional  storage,  specify
                 the  Amazon Web Services Region in which to create the desti-
                 nation file system.

              AvailabilityZoneName -> (string)
                 To create a file system that uses EFS One Zone storage, spec-
                 ify  the name of the Availability Zone in which to create the
                 destination file system.

              KmsKeyId -> (string)
                 Specifies the Key Management Service (KMS) key that you  want
                 to  use to encrypt the destination file system. If you do not
                 specify a KMS key, Amazon EFS uses your default KMS  key  for
                 Amazon EFS, /aws/elasticfilesystem . This ID can be in one of
                 the following formats:

                 o Key ID - The unique identifier  of  the  key,  for  example
                   1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab .

                 o ARN - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the key, for exam-
                   ple
                   arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab
                   .

                 o Key alias - A previously created display name  for  a  key,
                   for example alias/projectKey1 .

                 o Key  alias  ARN  -  The  ARN  for  a key alias, for example
                   arn:aws:kms:us-west-2:444455556666:alias/projectKey1 .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Region=string,AvailabilityZoneName=string,KmsKeyId=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Region": "string",
              "AvailabilityZoneName": "string",
              "KmsKeyId": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By  default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do  not  sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The  maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
       socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value  is  60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The  maximum  socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
       the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default  value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       SourceFileSystemId -> (string)
          The  ID  of  the  source Amazon EFS file system that is being repli-
          cated.

       SourceFileSystemRegion -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services Region in which the source Amazon  EFS  file
          system is located.

       SourceFileSystemArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the current source file system in
          the replication configuration.

       OriginalSourceFileSystemArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  original  source  Amazon  EFS
          file system in the replication configuration.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          Describes when the replication configuration was created.

       Destinations -> (list)
          An array of destination objects. Only one destination object is sup-
          ported.

          (structure)
              Describes the destination file system in the replication config-
              uration.

              Status -> (string)
                 Describes  the status of the destination Amazon EFS file sys-
                 tem.

                 o The Paused state occurs as a result of opting  out  of  the
                   source or destination Region after the replication configu-
                   ration was created. To resume replication for the file sys-
                   tem,  you  need  to again opt in to the Amazon Web Services
                   Region. For more information, see Managing Amazon Web  Ser-
                   vices  Regions in the Amazon Web Services General Reference
                   Guide .

                 o The Error state occurs when either the source or the desti-
                   nation  file  system  (or both) is in a failed state and is
                   unrecoverable. For more information, see Monitoring  repli-
                   cation  status  in  the  Amazon  EFS  User Guide . You must
                   delete the replication configuration, and then restore  the
                   most  recent  backup  of the failed file system (either the
                   source or the destination) to a new file system.

              FileSystemId -> (string)
                 The ID of the destination Amazon EFS file system.

              Region -> (string)
                 The Amazon Web Services Region in which the destination  file
                 system is located.

              LastReplicatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The time when the most recent sync was successfully completed
                 on the destination file system. Any changes to  data  on  the
                 source  file  system that occurred before this time have been
                 successfully replicated to the destination file  system.  Any
                 changes  that  occurred  after  this  time might not be fully
                 replicated.



                                            CREATE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()
