DELETE-MOUNT-TARGET()                                    DELETE-MOUNT-TARGET()



NAME
       delete-mount-target -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified mount target.

       This  operation  forcibly breaks any mounts of the file system by using
       the mount target that is being deleted, which might  disrupt  instances
       or  applications  using those mounts. To avoid applications getting cut
       off abruptly, you might consider unmounting any  mounts  of  the  mount
       target,  if feasible. The operation also deletes the associated network
       interface. Uncommitted writes might be lost, but breaking a mount  tar-
       get  using  this operation does not corrupt the file system itself. The
       file system you created remains. You can mount an EC2 instance in  your
       VPC by using another mount target.

       This  operation  requires  permissions  for the following action on the
       file system:

       o elasticfilesystem:DeleteMountTarget

       NOTE:
          The DeleteMountTarget call returns while the mount target  state  is
          still  deleting . You can check the mount target deletion by calling
          the  DescribeMountTargets operation, which returns a list  of  mount
          target descriptions for the given file system.

       The  operation  also  requires permissions for the following Amazon EC2
       action on the mount target's network interface:

       o ec2:DeleteNetworkInterface

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-mount-target
          --mount-target-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --mount-target-id (string)
          The ID of the mount target to delete (String).

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a mount target

       The following delete-mount-target example deletes the  specified  mount
       target.

          aws efs delete-mount-target \
              --mount-target-id fsmt-f9a14450

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Creating mount targets in the Amazon Elastic
       File System User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-MOUNT-TARGET()
