DELETE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()          DELETE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-replication-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  an existing replication configuration. To delete a replication
       configuration, you must make the request from the Amazon  Web  Services
       Region  in  which  the  destination  file system is located. Deleting a
       replication configuration ends the replication process. After a  repli-
       cation  configuration  is  deleted,  the  destination file system is no
       longer read-only. You can write to the destination  file  system  after
       its status becomes Writeable .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-replication-configuration
          --source-file-system-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --source-file-system-id (string)
          The ID of the source file system in the replication configuration.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                            DELETE-REPLICATION-CONFIGURATION()
