DESCRIBE-MOUNT-TARGET-SECURITY-GROUPS()DESCRIBE-MOUNT-TARGET-SECURITY-GROUPS()



NAME
       describe-mount-target-security-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  security  groups  currently in effect for a mount target.
       This operation requires that the network interface of the mount  target
       has  been  created  and  the lifecycle state of the mount target is not
       deleted .

       This operation requires permissions for the following actions:

       o elasticfilesystem:DescribeMountTargetSecurityGroups  action  on   the
         mount target's file system.

       o ec2:DescribeNetworkInterfaceAttribute  action  on  the mount target's
         network interface.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-mount-target-security-groups
          --mount-target-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --mount-target-id (string)
          The ID of the mount target whose security groups  you  want  to  re-
          trieve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SecurityGroups -> (list)
          An array of security groups.

          (string)



                                       DESCRIBE-MOUNT-TARGET-SECURITY-GROUPS()
