DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()                  DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       describe-account-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  account  preferences settings for the Amazon Web Services
       account associated with the user making the  request,  in  the  current
       Amazon  Web  Services Region. For more information, see Managing Amazon
       EFS resource IDs .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account-preferences
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          (Optional) You can use NextToken in a subsequent  request  to  fetch
          the  next page of Amazon Web Services account preferences if the re-
          sponse payload was paginated.

       --max-results (integer)
          (Optional) When retrieving account preferences, you  can  optionally
          specify  the  MaxItems  parameter to limit the number of objects re-
          turned in a response. The default value is 100.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceIdPreference -> (structure)
          Describes the resource ID preference setting for the Amazon Web Ser-
          vices account associated with the user making the  request,  in  the
          current Amazon Web Services Region.

          ResourceIdType -> (string)
              Identifies  the  EFS  resource ID preference, either LONG_ID (17
              characters) or SHORT_ID (8 characters).

          Resources -> (list)
              Identifies the Amazon EFS resources to which the  ID  preference
              setting applies, FILE_SYSTEM and MOUNT_TARGET .

              (string)
                 An EFS resource, for example a file system or a mount target.

       NextToken -> (string)
          Present if there are more records than returned in the response. You
          can use the NextToken in the subsequent request to fetch  the  addi-
          tional descriptions.



                                                DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()
