PUT-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()                            PUT-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()



NAME
       put-account-preferences -

DESCRIPTION
       Use  this operation to set the account preference in the current Amazon
       Web Services Region to use long 17 character (63 bit) or short 8  char-
       acter  (32  bit)  resource IDs for new EFS file system and mount target
       resources. All existing resource IDs are not affected  by  any  changes
       you make. You can set the ID preference during the opt-in period as EFS
       transitions to long resource IDs. For more  information,  see  Managing
       Amazon EFS resource IDs .

       NOTE:
          Starting  in  October, 2021, you will receive an error if you try to
          set the account preference to use the short 8 character  format  re-
          source ID. Contact Amazon Web Services support if you receive an er-
          ror and must use short IDs for file  system  and  mount  target  re-
          sources.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-account-preferences
          --resource-id-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id-type (string)
          Specifies  the EFS resource ID preference to set for the user's Ama-
          zon Web Services account, in the current Amazon Web Services Region,
          either LONG_ID (17 characters), or SHORT_ID (8 characters).

          NOTE:
              Starting  in  October, 2021, you will receive an error when set-
              ting the account preference to SHORT_ID  .  Contact  Amazon  Web
              Services  support if you receive an error and must use short IDs
              for file system and mount target resources.

          Possible values:

          o LONG_ID

          o SHORT_ID

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ResourceIdPreference -> (structure)
          Describes  the  resource  type  and its ID preference for the user's
          Amazon Web Services account, in the current Amazon Web Services  Re-
          gion.

          ResourceIdType -> (string)
              Identifies  the  EFS  resource ID preference, either LONG_ID (17
              characters) or SHORT_ID (8 characters).

          Resources -> (list)
              Identifies the Amazon EFS resources to which the  ID  preference
              setting applies, FILE_SYSTEM and MOUNT_TARGET .

              (string)
                 An EFS resource, for example a file system or a mount target.



                                                     PUT-ACCOUNT-PREFERENCES()
