UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  tags  from  an EFS resource. You can remove tags from EFS file
       systems and access points using this API operation.

       This operation requires permissions for the  elasticfilesystem:UntagRe-
       source action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-id <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-id (string)
          Specifies the EFS resource that you want to remove tags from.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The keys of the key-value tag pairs that you want to remove from the
          specified EFS resource.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag from a resource

       The following untag-resource example removes the tag with  the  Depart-
       ment tag key from the specified file system.

          aws efs untag-resource \
              --resource-id fs-c7a0456e \
              --tag-keys Department

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing file system tags in the Amazon Elas-
       tic File System User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
