GET-EXTERNAL-DATA-VIEW-ACCESS-DETAILS()GET-EXTERNAL-DATA-VIEW-ACCESS-DETAILS()



NAME
       get-external-data-view-access-details -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the credentials to access the external Dataview from an S3 lo-
       cation. To call this API:

       o You must retrieve the programmatic credentials.

       o You must be a member of a FinSpace user group, where the dataset that
         you want to access has Read Dataset Data permissions.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-external-data-view-access-details
          --data-view-id <value>
          --dataset-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --data-view-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the Dataview that you want to access.

       --dataset-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the Dataset.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       credentials -> (structure)
          The credentials required to access the external Dataview from the S3
          location.

          accessKeyId -> (string)
              The unique identifier for the security credentials.

          secretAccessKey -> (string)
              The secret access key that can be used to sign requests.

          sessionToken -> (string)
              The token that users must pass to use the credentials.

          expiration -> (long)
              The Epoch time when the current credentials expire.

       s3Location -> (structure)
          The location where the external Dataview is stored.

          bucket -> (string)
              The name of the S3 bucket.

          key -> (string)
              The  path  of the folder, within the S3 bucket that contains the
              Dataset.



                                       GET-EXTERNAL-DATA-VIEW-ACCESS-DETAILS()
