GET-WORKING-LOCATION()                                  GET-WORKING-LOCATION()



NAME
       get-working-location -

DESCRIPTION
       A  temporary  Amazon  S3 location, where you can copy your files from a
       source location to stage or use as a scratch space  in  FinSpace  note-
       book.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-working-location
          [--location-type <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --location-type (string)
          Specify the type of the working location.

          o SAGEMAKER  - Use the Amazon S3 location as a temporary location to
            store data content when working with FinSpace Notebooks  that  run
            on SageMaker studio.

          o INGESTION  -  Use  the Amazon S3 location as a staging location to
            copy your data content and then use the location with the  Change-
            set creation operation.

          Possible values:

          o INGESTION

          o SAGEMAKER

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       s3Uri -> (string)
          Returns the Amazon S3 URI for the working location.

       s3Path -> (string)
          Returns the Amazon S3 Path for the working location.

       s3Bucket -> (string)
          Returns the Amazon S3 bucket name for the working location.



                                                        GET-WORKING-LOCATION()
