GET-PROGRAMMATIC-ACCESS-CREDENTIALS()    GET-PROGRAMMATIC-ACCESS-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       get-programmatic-access-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Request programmatic credentials to use with FinSpace SDK.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-programmatic-access-credentials
          [--duration-in-minutes <value>]
          --environment-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --duration-in-minutes (long)
          The time duration in which the credentials remain valid.

       --environment-id (string)
          The FinSpace environment identifier.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       credentials -> (structure)
          Returns the programmatic credentials.

          accessKeyId -> (string)
              The access key identifier.

          secretAccessKey -> (string)
              The access key.

          sessionToken -> (string)
              The session token.

       durationInMinutes -> (long)
          Returns the duration in which the credentials will remain valid.



                                         GET-PROGRAMMATIC-ACCESS-CREDENTIALS()
