DELETE-APPLICATION()                                      DELETE-APPLICATION()



NAME
       delete-application -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  documentation is for version 1 of the Amazon Kinesis Data Ana-
          lytics API, which only supports SQL applications. Version 2  of  the
          API  supports  SQL and Java applications. For more information about
          version 2, see Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics API V2 Documentation .

       Deletes the specified application. Amazon Kinesis Analytics  halts  ap-
       plication execution and deletes the application, including any applica-
       tion artifacts (such as in-application streams,  reference  table,  and
       application code).

       This  operation  requires  permissions  to  perform  the kinesisanalyt-
       ics:DeleteApplication action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-application
          --application-name <value>
          --create-timestamp <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          Name of the Amazon Kinesis Analytics application to delete.

       --create-timestamp (timestamp)
          You can use the DescribeApplication operation to get this value.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          DELETE-APPLICATION()
