STOP-APPLICATION()                                          STOP-APPLICATION()



NAME
       stop-application -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This  documentation is for version 1 of the Amazon Kinesis Data Ana-
          lytics API, which only supports SQL applications. Version 2  of  the
          API  supports  SQL and Java applications. For more information about
          version 2, see Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics API V2 Documentation .

       Stops the application from processing input data. You can stop  an  ap-
       plication  only  if  it  is  in  the  running  state.  You  can use the
       DescribeApplication operation to find the application state. After  the
       application  is  stopped,  Amazon  Kinesis Analytics stops reading data
       from the input, the application stops processing data, and there is  no
       output written to the destination.

       This  operation  requires  permissions  to  perform  the kinesisanalyt-
       ics:StopApplication action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-application
          --application-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --application-name (string)
          Name of the running application to stop.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            STOP-APPLICATION()
