DELETE-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()                    DELETE-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()



NAME
       delete-default-message-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an existing default message type on a configuration set.

       A message type is a type of messages that you plan to send. If you send
       account-related messages or time-sensitive messages  such  as  one-time
       passcodes,  choose  Transactional  .  If you plan to send messages that
       contain marketing material or other promotional content, choose  Promo-
       tional  .  This  setting applies to your entire Amazon Web Services ac-
       count.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-default-message-type
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set or the  configuration  set  Amazon
          Resource  Name  (ARN)  to  delete the default message type from. The
          ConfigurationSetName and ConfigurationSetArn can be found using  the
          DescribeConfigurationSets action.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSetArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration set.

       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       MessageType -> (string)
          The current message type for the configuration set.



                                                 DELETE-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()
