DELETE-DEFAULT-SENDER-ID()                          DELETE-DEFAULT-SENDER-ID()



NAME
       delete-default-sender-id -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an existing default sender ID on a configuration set.

       A default sender ID is the identity that appears on recipients' devices
       when they receive SMS messages.  Support  for  sender  ID  capabilities
       varies by country or region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-default-sender-id
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The  name  of  the configuration set or the configuration set Amazon
          Resource Name (ARN) to delete the default sender ID from.  The  Con-
          figurationSetName  and  ConfigurationSetArn  can  be found using the
          DescribeConfigurationSets action.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSetArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration set.

       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       SenderId -> (string)
          The current sender ID for the configuration set.



                                                    DELETE-DEFAULT-SENDER-ID()
