DESCRIBE-SPEND-LIMITS()                                DESCRIBE-SPEND-LIMITS()



NAME
       describe-spend-limits -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the current Amazon Pinpoint monthly spend limits for sending
       voice and text messages.

       When you establish an Amazon Web Services account, the account has ini-
       tial monthly spend limit in a given Region. For more information on in-
       creasing your monthly spend limit, see  Requesting  increases  to  your
       monthly  SMS  spending quota for Amazon Pinpoint in the Amazon Pinpoint
       User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-spend-limits is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: SpendLimits

SYNOPSIS
            describe-spend-limits
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SpendLimits -> (list)
          An  array of SpendLimit objects that contain the details for the re-
          quested spend limits.

          (structure)
              Describes the current Amazon Pinpoint monthly spend  limits  for
              sending  voice  and  text  messages. For more information on in-
              creasing your monthly spend limit, see Requesting  increases  to
              your  monthly SMS spending quota for Amazon Pinpoint in the Ama-
              zon Pinpoint User Guide .

              Name -> (string)
                 The name for the SpendLimit.

              EnforcedLimit -> (long)
                 The maximum amount of money, in US dollars, that you want  to
                 be  able to spend sending messages each month. This value has
                 to be less than or equal to the amount in MaxLimit .  To  use
                 this custom limit, Overridden must be set to true.

              MaxLimit -> (long)
                 The  maximum  amount  of  money that you are able to spend to
                 send messages each month, in US dollars.

              Overridden -> (boolean)
                 When set to True , the value that has been specified  in  the
                 EnforcedLimit  is  used to determine the maximum amount in US
                 dollars that can be spent to send messages each month, in  US
                 dollars.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  token to be used for the next set of paginated results. If this
          field is empty then there are no more results.



                                                       DESCRIBE-SPEND-LIMITS()
