DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-LIMITS()                            DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-LIMITS()



NAME
       describe-account-limits -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the current Amazon Pinpoint SMS Voice V2 resource quotas for
       your account. The description for a quota includes the quota name, cur-
       rent usage toward that quota, and the quota's maximum value.

       When you establish an Amazon Web Services account, the account has ini-
       tial quotas on the maximum number of configuration sets, opt-out lists,
       phone  numbers,  and  pools  that you can create in a given Region. For
       more information see Amazon Pinpoint quotas in the Amazon Pinpoint  De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-account-limits  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: AccountLimits

SYNOPSIS
            describe-account-limits
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AccountLimits -> (list)
          An array of AccountLimit objects that show the current spend limits.

          (structure)
              The current resource quotas associated with an Amazon  Web  Ser-
              vices account.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the attribute to apply the account limit to.

              Used -> (long)
                 The current amount that has been spent, in US dollars.

              Max -> (long)
                 The  Amazon Web Services set limit for that resource type, in
                 US dollars.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The token to be used for the next set of paginated results. If  this
          field is empty then there are no more results.



                                                     DESCRIBE-ACCOUNT-LIMITS()
