SET-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()                          SET-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()



NAME
       set-default-message-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the default message type on a configuration set.

       Choose the category of SMS messages that you plan to send from this ac-
       count. If you send account-related messages or time-sensitive  messages
       such  as one-time passcodes, choose Transactional . If you plan to send
       messages that contain marketing material or other promotional  content,
       choose  Promotional  .  This  setting applies to your entire Amazon Web
       Services account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-default-message-type
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          --message-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The configuration set to update with a  new  default  message  type.
          This field can be the ConsigurationSetName or ConfigurationSetArn.

       --message-type (string)
          The  type  of  message.  Valid values are TRANSACTIONAL for messages
          that are critical or time-sensitive  and  PROMOTIONAL  for  messages
          that aren't critical or time-sensitive.

          Possible values:

          o TRANSACTIONAL

          o PROMOTIONAL

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSetArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the updated configuration set.

       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The name of the configuration set that was updated.

       MessageType -> (string)
          The new default message type of the configuration set.



                                                    SET-DEFAULT-MESSAGE-TYPE()
