TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  overwrites  only  the specified tags for the specified Amazon
       Pinpoint SMS Voice, version 2 resource. When you  specify  an  existing
       tag key, the value is overwritten with the new value. Each resource can
       have a maximum of 50 tags. Each tag consists of a key and  an  optional
       value. Tag keys must be unique per resource. For more information about
       tags, see Tagging Amazon Pinpoint resources in the Amazon Pinpoint  De-
       veloper Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.

       --tags (list)
          An array of key and value pair tags that are associated with the re-
          source.

          (structure)
              The list of tags to be added to the specified topic.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key identifier, or name, of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The string value associated with the key of the tag.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
