UNCLAIM-DEVICE()                                              UNCLAIM-DEVICE()



NAME
       unclaim-device -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates a device from your AWS account using its device ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            unclaim-device
          --device-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the device.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To unclaim (deregister) a device from your AWS account

       The  following unclaim-device example unclaims (deregisters) the speci-
       fied device from your AWS account.

          aws iot1click-devices unclaim-device \
              --device-id G030PM0123456789

       Output:

          {
              "State": "UNCLAIMED"
          }

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       State -> (string)
          The device's final claim state.



                                                              UNCLAIM-DEVICE()
