UPDATE-DEVICE-STATE()                                    UPDATE-DEVICE-STATE()



NAME
       update-device-state -

DESCRIPTION
       Using  a  Boolean value (true or false), this operation enables or dis-
       ables the device given a device ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-device-state
          --device-id <value>
          [--enabled | --no-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the device.

       --enabled | --no-enabled (boolean)
          If true, the device is enabled. If false, the device is disabled.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the ``enabled`` state for a device

       The following update-device-state sets the state of the  specified  de-
       vice to enabled.

          aws iot1click-devices update-device-state \
              --device-id G030PM0123456789 \
              --enabled

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Using AWS IoT 1-Click with the AWS CLI in the
       AWS IoT 1-Click Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         UPDATE-DEVICE-STATE()
