ADD-TAGS()                                                          ADD-TAGS()



NAME
       add-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches  tags  to an existing domain. Tags are a set of case-sensitive
       key value pairs. An domain can have up to 10 tags. See  Tagging  Amazon
       OpenSearch Service domains for more information.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-tags
          --arn <value>
          --tag-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          Specify the ARN of the domain you want to add tags to.

       --tag-list (list)
          List of Tag to add to the domain.

          (structure)
              A key value pair for a resource tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The TagKey , the name of the tag. Tag keys must be unique for
                 the domain to which they are attached.

              Value -> (string)
                 The TagValue , the value assigned to  the  corresponding  tag
                 key.  Tag values can be null and don't have to be unique in a
                 tag set. For example, you can have a key value pair in a  tag
                 set of project : Trinity and cost-center : Trinity

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                    ADD-TAGS()
