GET-UPGRADE-STATUS()                                      GET-UPGRADE-STATUS()



NAME
       get-upgrade-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the latest status of the last upgrade or upgrade eligibility
       check performed on the domain.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-upgrade-status
          --domain-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain-name (string)
          The name of an domain. Domain names are unique  across  the  domains
          owned  by an account within an AWS region. Domain names start with a
          letter or number and can contain the following characters: a-z (low-
          ercase), 0-9, and - (hyphen).

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       UpgradeStep -> (string)
          One  of  three  steps  an  upgrade or upgrade eligibility check goes
          through:

          o PreUpgradeCheck

          o Snapshot

          o Upgrade

       StepStatus -> (string)
          One of four statuses an upgrade have, returned as  part  of  the  ``
          GetUpgradeStatusResponse  ``  object. The status can take one of the
          following values:

          o In Progress

          o Succeeded

          o Succeeded with Issues

          o Failed

       UpgradeName -> (string)
          A string that briefly describes the update.



                                                          GET-UPGRADE-STATUS()
