LIST-VERSIONS()                                                LIST-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       List all supported versions of OpenSearch and Elasticsearch.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-versions
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --max-results (integer)
          Set  this  value to limit the number of results returned. Value must
          be greater than 10 or it won't be honored.

       --next-token (string)
          Paginated APIs accept the NextToken input to return the next page of
          results  and  provide  a NextToken output in the response, which you
          can use to retrieve more results.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Versions -> (list)
          List of supported OpenSearch versions.

          (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          Paginated APIs accept the NextToken input to return the next page of
          results  and  provide  a NextToken output in the response, which you
          can use to retrieve more results.



                                                               LIST-VERSIONS()
