LIST-TAGS()                                                        LIST-TAGS()



NAME
       list-tags -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns all tags for the given domain.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          Specify the ARN of the domain that the tags you want to view are at-
          tached to.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TagList -> (list)
          List of Tag for the requested domain.

          (structure)
              A key value pair for a resource tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The TagKey , the name of the tag. Tag keys must be unique for
                 the domain to which they are attached.

              Value -> (string)
                 The TagValue , the value assigned to  the  corresponding  tag
                 key.  Tag values can be null and don't have to be unique in a
                 tag set. For example, you can have a key value pair in a  tag
                 set of project : Trinity and cost-center : Trinity



                                                                   LIST-TAGS()
