PURCHASE-RESERVED-INSTANCE-OFFERING()    PURCHASE-RESERVED-INSTANCE-OFFERING()



NAME
       purchase-reserved-instance-offering -

DESCRIPTION
       Allows you to purchase reserved OpenSearch instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            purchase-reserved-instance-offering
          --reserved-instance-offering-id <value>
          --reservation-name <value>
          [--instance-count <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --reserved-instance-offering-id (string)
          The ID of the reserved OpenSearch instance offering to purchase.

       --reservation-name (string)
          A customer-specified identifier to track this reservation.

       --instance-count (integer)
          The number of OpenSearch instances to reserve.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReservedInstanceId -> (string)
          Details of the reserved OpenSearch instance which was purchased.

       ReservationName -> (string)
          The customer-specified identifier used to track this reservation.



                                         PURCHASE-RESERVED-INSTANCE-OFFERING()
