CREATE-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()                                CREATE-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()



NAME
       create-global-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an Amazon DocumentDB global cluster that can span multiple mul-
       tiple Regions. The global cluster contains  one  primary  cluster  with
       read-write  capability,  and  up-to  give read-only secondary clusters.
       Global clusters uses storage-based fast replication across regions with
       latencies  less than one second, using dedicated infrastructure with no
       impact to your workloads performance.

       You can create a global cluster that is initially empty, and then add a
       primary  and  a secondary to it. Or you can specify an existing cluster
       during the create operation, and this cluster becomes  the  primary  of
       the global cluster.

       NOTE:
          This action only applies to Amazon DocumentDB clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-global-cluster
          --global-cluster-identifier <value>
          [--source-db-cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--engine <value>]
          [--engine-version <value>]
          [--deletion-protection | --no-deletion-protection]
          [--database-name <value>]
          [--storage-encrypted | --no-storage-encrypted]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --global-cluster-identifier (string)
          The cluster identifier of the new global cluster.

       --source-db-cluster-identifier (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use as the primary cluster of the
          global cluster. This parameter is optional.

       --engine (string)
          The name of the database engine to be used for this cluster.

       --engine-version (string)
          The engine version of the global cluster.

       --deletion-protection | --no-deletion-protection (boolean)
          The deletion protection setting for  the  new  global  cluster.  The
          global cluster can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.

       --database-name (string)
          The  name for your database of up to 64 alpha-numeric characters. If
          you do not provide a name, Amazon DocumentDB will not create a data-
          base in the global cluster you are creating.

       --storage-encrypted | --no-storage-encrypted (boolean)
          The storage encryption setting for the new global cluster.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GlobalCluster -> (structure)
          A data type representing an Amazon DocumentDB global cluster.

          GlobalClusterIdentifier -> (string)
              Contains a user-supplied global cluster identifier. This identi-
              fier is the unique key that identifies a global cluster.

          GlobalClusterResourceId -> (string)
              The  Region-unique, immutable identifier for the global database
              cluster. This identifier is found in AWS CloudTrail log  entries
              whenever  the  AWS KMS customer master key (CMK) for the cluster
              is accessed.

          GlobalClusterArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the global cluster.

          Status -> (string)
              Specifies the current state of this global cluster.

          Engine -> (string)
              The Amazon DocumentDB database engine used by the  global  clus-
              ter.

          EngineVersion -> (string)
              Indicates the database engine version.

          DatabaseName -> (string)
              The default database name within the new global cluster.

          StorageEncrypted -> (boolean)
              The storage encryption setting for the global cluster.

          DeletionProtection -> (boolean)
              The deletion protection setting for the new global cluster.

          GlobalClusterMembers -> (list)
              The list of cluster IDs for secondary clusters within the global
              cluster. Currently limited to one item.

              (structure)
                 A data structure with information about any primary and  sec-
                 ondary  clusters  associated with an Amazon DocumentDB global
                 clusters.

                 DBClusterArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for each Amazon DocumentDB
                     cluster.

                 Readers -> (list)
                     The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for each read-only sec-
                     ondary cluster associated with the Aurora global cluster.

                     (string)

                 IsWriter -> (boolean)
                     Specifies whether the Amazon DocumentDB  cluster  is  the
                     primary  cluster (that is, has read-write capability) for
                     the Amazon DocumentDB global cluster with which it is as-
                     sociated.



                                                       CREATE-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()
