DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()        DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-db-cluster-parameter-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  specified  cluster  parameter  group. The cluster parameter
       group to be deleted can't be associated with any clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-db-cluster-parameter-group
          --db-cluster-parameter-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-cluster-parameter-group-name (string)
          The name of the cluster parameter group.

          Constraints:

          o Must be the name of an existing cluster parameter group.

          o You can't delete a default cluster parameter group.

          o Cannot be associated with any clusters.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an Amazon DocumentDB cluster parameter group

       The following  delete-db-cluster-parameter-group  example  deletes  the
       Amazon DocumentDB parameter group sample-parameter-group.

          aws docdb delete-db-cluster-parameter-group \
              --db-cluster-parameter-group-name sample-parameter-group

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting an Amazon DocumentDB Cluster Parame-
       ter Group in the Amazon DocumentDB Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           DELETE-DB-CLUSTER-PARAMETER-GROUP()
