DELETE-DB-SUBNET-GROUP()                              DELETE-DB-SUBNET-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-db-subnet-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a subnet group.

       NOTE:
          The  specified database subnet group must not be associated with any
          DB instances.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-db-subnet-group
          --db-subnet-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --db-subnet-group-name (string)
          The name of the database subnet group to delete.

          NOTE:
              You can't delete the default subnet group.

          Constraints:

          Must match the name of an existing DBSubnetGroup . Must not  be  de-
          fault.

          Example: mySubnetgroup

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an Amazon DocumentDB subnet group

       The following delete-db-subnet-group example deletes the  Amazon  Docu-
       mentDB subnet group sample-subnet-group.

          aws docdb delete-db-subnet-group \
              --db-subnet-group-name sample-subnet-group

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting an Amazon DocumentDB Subnet Group in
       the Amazon DocumentDB Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-DB-SUBNET-GROUP()
