MODIFY-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()                                MODIFY-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()



NAME
       modify-global-cluster -

DESCRIPTION
       Modify  a  setting  for  an  Amazon  DocumentDB global cluster. You can
       change one or more configuration parameters (for example: deletion pro-
       tection),  or the global cluster identifier by specifying these parame-
       ters and the new values in the request.

       NOTE:
          This action only applies to Amazon DocumentDB clusters.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            modify-global-cluster
          --global-cluster-identifier <value>
          [--new-global-cluster-identifier <value>]
          [--deletion-protection | --no-deletion-protection]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --global-cluster-identifier (string)
          The identifier for the global cluster being modified. This parameter
          isn't case-sensitive.

          Constraints:

          o Must match the identifier of an existing global cluster.

       --new-global-cluster-identifier (string)
          The  new  identifier  for  a global cluster when you modify a global
          cluster. This value is stored as a lowercase string.

          o Must contain from 1 to 63 letters, numbers, or hyphens  The  first
            character  must be a letter Can't end with a hyphen or contain two
            consecutive hyphens

          Example: my-cluster2

       --deletion-protection | --no-deletion-protection (boolean)
          Indicates if the global cluster has deletion protection enabled. The
          global cluster can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GlobalCluster -> (structure)
          A data type representing an Amazon DocumentDB global cluster.

          GlobalClusterIdentifier -> (string)
              Contains a user-supplied global cluster identifier. This identi-
              fier is the unique key that identifies a global cluster.

          GlobalClusterResourceId -> (string)
              The Region-unique, immutable identifier for the global  database
              cluster.  This identifier is found in AWS CloudTrail log entries
              whenever the AWS KMS customer master key (CMK) for  the  cluster
              is accessed.

          GlobalClusterArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the global cluster.

          Status -> (string)
              Specifies the current state of this global cluster.

          Engine -> (string)
              The  Amazon  DocumentDB database engine used by the global clus-
              ter.

          EngineVersion -> (string)
              Indicates the database engine version.

          DatabaseName -> (string)
              The default database name within the new global cluster.

          StorageEncrypted -> (boolean)
              The storage encryption setting for the global cluster.

          DeletionProtection -> (boolean)
              The deletion protection setting for the new global cluster.

          GlobalClusterMembers -> (list)
              The list of cluster IDs for secondary clusters within the global
              cluster. Currently limited to one item.

              (structure)
                 A  data structure with information about any primary and sec-
                 ondary clusters associated with an Amazon  DocumentDB  global
                 clusters.

                 DBClusterArn -> (string)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for each Amazon DocumentDB
                     cluster.

                 Readers -> (list)
                     The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for  each  read-only  sec-
                     ondary cluster associated with the Aurora global cluster.

                     (string)

                 IsWriter -> (boolean)
                     Specifies  whether  the  Amazon DocumentDB cluster is the
                     primary cluster (that is, has read-write capability)  for
                     the Amazon DocumentDB global cluster with which it is as-
                     sociated.



                                                       MODIFY-GLOBAL-CLUSTER()
