REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()                        REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()



NAME
       remove-tags-from-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes metadata tags from an Amazon DocumentDB resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-tags-from-resource
          --resource-name <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-name (string)
          The  Amazon DocumentDB resource that the tags are removed from. This
          value is an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag key (name) of the tag to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags from an Amazon DocumentDB resource

       The following remove-tags-from-resource example removes  the  tag  with
       the key named B from the Amazon DocumentDB cluster sample-cluster.

          aws docdb remove-tags-from-resource \
              --resource-name arn:aws:rds:us-west-2:123456789012:cluster:sample-cluster \
              --tag-keys B

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Removing Tags from an Amazon DocumentDBRe-
       source in the Amazon DocumentDB Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   REMOVE-TAGS-FROM-RESOURCE()
