POST-CONTENT()                                                  POST-CONTENT()



NAME
       post-content -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  user  input (text or speech) to Amazon Lex. Clients use this API
       to send text and audio requests to Amazon Lex at  runtime.  Amazon  Lex
       interprets  the  user  input  using  the machine learning model that it
       built for the bot.

       The PostContent operation supports audio input at 8kHz and  16kHz.  You
       can  use  8kHz  audio  to achieve higher speech recognition accuracy in
       telephone audio applications.

       In response, Amazon Lex returns the next message to convey to the user.
       Consider the following example messages:

       o For  a  user  input "I would like a pizza," Amazon Lex might return a
         response with a message eliciting slot data (for  example,  PizzaSize
         ): "What size pizza would you like?".

       o After  the  user  provides all of the pizza order information, Amazon
         Lex might return a response with a message to get user  confirmation:
         "Order the pizza?".

       o After  the  user replies "Yes" to the confirmation prompt, Amazon Lex
         might return a conclusion statement: "Thank you,  your  cheese  pizza
         has been ordered.".

       Not all Amazon Lex messages require a response from the user. For exam-
       ple, conclusion statements do not require a response. Some messages re-
       quire  only  a  yes or no response. In addition to the message , Amazon
       Lex provides additional context about the message in the response  that
       you  can  use to enhance client behavior, such as displaying the appro-
       priate client user interface. Consider the following examples:

       o If the message is to elicit slot data, Amazon Lex returns the follow-
         ing context information:

         o x-amz-lex-dialog-state header set to ElicitSlot

         o x-amz-lex-intent-name  header set to the intent name in the current
           context

         o x-amz-lex-slot-to-elicit header set to the slot name for which  the
           message is eliciting information

         o x-amz-lex-slots header set to a map of slots configured for the in-
           tent with their current values

       o If the message is a confirmation prompt,  the  x-amz-lex-dialog-state
         header is set to Confirmation and the x-amz-lex-slot-to-elicit header
         is omitted.

       o If the message is a clarification prompt configured for  the  intent,
         indicating  that  the  user  intent is not understood, the x-amz-dia-
         log-state header is set to ElicitIntent and the  x-amz-slot-to-elicit
         header is omitted.

       In addition, Amazon Lex also returns your application-specific session-
       Attributes . For more information, see Managing Conversation Context .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            post-content
          --bot-name <value>
          --bot-alias <value>
          --user-id <value>
          [--session-attributes <value>]
          [--request-attributes <value>]
          --content-type <value>
          [--accept <value>]
          --input-stream <value>
          [--active-contexts <value>]
          <outfile>
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-name (string)
          Name of the Amazon Lex bot.

       --bot-alias (string)
          Alias of the Amazon Lex bot.

       --user-id (string)
          The ID of the client application user. Amazon Lex uses this to iden-
          tify  a  user's conversation with your bot. At runtime, each request
          must contain the userID field.

          To decide the user ID to use for your application, consider the fol-
          lowing factors.

          o The  userID field must not contain any personally identifiable in-
            formation of the user, for example, name, personal  identification
            numbers, or other end user personal information.

          o If  you want a user to start a conversation on one device and con-
            tinue on another device, use a user-specific identifier.

          o If you want the same user to be able to have two independent  con-
            versations  on  two  different  devices,  choose a device-specific
            identifier.

          o A user can't have two independent conversations with two different
            versions of the same bot. For example, a user can't have a conver-
            sation with the PROD and BETA versions of the same bot. If you an-
            ticipate  that a user will need to have conversation with two dif-
            ferent versions, for example, while testing, include the bot alias
            in the user ID to separate the two conversations.

       --session-attributes (JSON)
          You pass this value as the x-amz-lex-session-attributes HTTP header.

          Application-specific  information  passed  between  Amazon Lex and a
          client application. The value must be a JSON serialized  and  base64
          encoded  map with string keys and values. The total size of the ses-
          sionAttributes and requestAttributes headers is limited to 12 KB.

          For more information, see Setting Session Attributes .

       --request-attributes (JSON)
          You pass this value as the x-amz-lex-request-attributes HTTP header.

          Request-specific information passed between Amazon Lex and a  client
          application.  The value must be a JSON serialized and base64 encoded
          map with string keys and values. The total size  of  the  requestAt-
          tributes and sessionAttributes headers is limited to 12 KB.

          The  namespace  x-amz-lex: is reserved for special attributes. Don't
          create any request attributes with the prefix x-amz-lex: .

          For more information, see Setting Request Attributes .

       --content-type (string)
          You pass this value as the Content-Type HTTP header.

          Indicates the audio format or text. The header value must start with
          one of the following prefixes:

          o PCM format, audio data must be in little-endian byte order.

            o audio/l16; rate=16000; channels=1

            o audio/x-l16; sample-rate=16000; channel-count=1

            o audio/lpcm;    sample-rate=8000;    sample-size-bits=16;   chan-
              nel-count=1; is-big-endian=false

          o Opus format

            o audio/x-cbr-opus-with-preamble;                 preamble-size=0;
              bit-rate=256000; frame-size-milliseconds=4

          o Text format

            o text/plain; charset=utf-8

       --accept (string)
          You pass this value as the Accept HTTP header.

          The message Amazon Lex returns in the response can be either text or
          speech based on the Accept HTTP header value in the request.

          o If the value is text/plain; charset=utf-8  ,  Amazon  Lex  returns
            text in the response.

          o If the value begins with audio/ , Amazon Lex returns speech in the
            response. Amazon Lex uses Amazon Polly to generate the speech (us-
            ing the configuration you specified in the Accept header). For ex-
            ample, if you specify audio/mpeg as the value, Amazon Lex  returns
            speech in the MPEG format.

          o If  the  value  is audio/pcm , the speech returned is audio/pcm in
            16-bit, little endian format.

          o The following are the accepted values:

            o audio/mpeg

            o audio/ogg

            o audio/pcm

            o text/plain; charset=utf-8

            o audio/* (defaults to mpeg)

       --input-stream (streaming blob)
          User input in PCM or Opus audio format or text format  as  described
          in the Content-Type HTTP header.

          You  can  stream  audio data to Amazon Lex or you can create a local
          buffer that captures all of the audio data before sending.  In  gen-
          eral,  you  get  better  performance if you stream audio data rather
          than buffering the data locally.

          NOTE:
              This argument is of type: streaming blob. Its value must be  the
              path to a file (e.g. path/to/file) and must not be prefixed with
              file:// or fileb://

       --active-contexts (JSON)
          A list of contexts active for the request. A context  can  be  acti-
          vated  when a previous intent is fulfilled, or by including the con-
          text in the request,

          If you don't specify a list of contexts, Amazon  Lex  will  use  the
          current  list  of  contexts for the session. If you specify an empty
          list, all contexts for the session are cleared.

       outfile (string) Filename where the content will be saved

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       contentType -> (string)
          Content type as specified in the Accept HTTP header in the request.

       intentName -> (string)
          Current user intent that Amazon Lex is aware of.

       nluIntentConfidence -> (JSON)
          Provides a score that indicates how confident Amazon Lex is that the
          returned intent is the one that matches the user's intent. The score
          is between 0.0 and 1.0.

          The score is a relative score, not an absolute score. The score  may
          change based on improvements to Amazon Lex.

       alternativeIntents -> (JSON)
          One to four alternative intents that may be applicable to the user's
          intent.

          Each alternative includes a score that indicates how confident  Ama-
          zon  Lex  is  that the intent matches the user's intent. The intents
          are sorted by the confidence score.

       slots -> (JSON)
          Map of zero or more intent slots (name/value pairs) Amazon  Lex  de-
          tected  from  the  user  input during the conversation. The field is
          base-64 encoded.

          Amazon Lex creates a resolution list containing likely values for  a
          slot. The value that it returns is determined by the valueSelection-
          Strategy selected when the slot type was created or updated. If val-
          ueSelectionStrategy is set to ORIGINAL_VALUE , the value provided by
          the user is returned, if the user value is similar to the slot  val-
          ues.  If  valueSelectionStrategy is set to TOP_RESOLUTION Amazon Lex
          returns the first value in the resolution list or, if  there  is  no
          resolution list, null. If you don't specify a valueSelectionStrategy
          , the default is ORIGINAL_VALUE .

       sessionAttributes -> (JSON)
          Map of key/value pairs representing the session-specific context in-
          formation.

       sentimentResponse -> (string)
          The sentiment expressed in an utterance.

          When  the  bot is configured to send utterances to Amazon Comprehend
          for sentiment analysis, this field contains the result of the analy-
          sis.

       message -> (string)
          You  can  only  use  this  field  in the de-DE, en-AU, en-GB, en-US,
          es-419, es-ES, es-US, fr-CA, fr-FR, and it-IT locales. In all  other
          locales,  the  message field is null. You should use the encodedMes-
          sage field instead.

          The message to convey to the user. The message  can  come  from  the
          bot's configuration or from a Lambda function.

          If  the  intent  is not configured with a Lambda function, or if the
          Lambda function returned Delegate as the  dialogAction.type  in  its
          response,  Amazon  Lex  decides on the next course of action and se-
          lects an appropriate message from the bot's configuration  based  on
          the  current  interaction  context. For example, if Amazon Lex isn't
          able to understand user input, it uses a clarification  prompt  mes-
          sage.

          When  you  create  an intent you can assign messages to groups. When
          messages are assigned to groups Amazon Lex returns one message  from
          each  group  in  the  response. The message field is an escaped JSON
          string containing the  messages.  For  more  information  about  the
          structure of the JSON string returned, see  msg-prompts-formats .

          If  the  Lambda  function returns a message, Amazon Lex passes it to
          the client in its response.

       encodedMessage -> (string)
          The message to convey to the user. The message  can  come  from  the
          bot's configuration or from a Lambda function.

          If  the  intent  is not configured with a Lambda function, or if the
          Lambda function returned Delegate as the  dialogAction.type  in  its
          response,  Amazon  Lex  decides on the next course of action and se-
          lects an appropriate message from the bot's configuration  based  on
          the  current  interaction  context. For example, if Amazon Lex isn't
          able to understand user input, it uses a clarification  prompt  mes-
          sage.

          When  you  create  an intent you can assign messages to groups. When
          messages are assigned to groups Amazon Lex returns one message  from
          each  group  in  the  response. The message field is an escaped JSON
          string containing the  messages.  For  more  information  about  the
          structure of the JSON string returned, see  msg-prompts-formats .

          If  the  Lambda  function returns a message, Amazon Lex passes it to
          the client in its response.

          The encodedMessage field is base-64 encoded.  You  must  decode  the
          field before you can use the value.

       messageFormat -> (string)
          The format of the response message. One of the following values:

          o PlainText - The message contains plain UTF-8 text.

          o CustomPayload - The message is a custom format for the client.

          o SSML - The message contains text formatted for voice output.

          o Composite - The message contains an escaped JSON object containing
            one or more messages from the groups that messages  were  assigned
            to when the intent was created.

       dialogState -> (string)
          Identifies the current state of the user interaction. Amazon Lex re-
          turns one of the following values as dialogState .  The  client  can
          optionally use this information to customize the user interface.

          o ElicitIntent  - Amazon Lex wants to elicit the user's intent. Con-
            sider the following examples:  For example, a user might utter  an
            intent ("I want to order a pizza"). If Amazon Lex cannot infer the
            user intent from this utterance, it will return this dialog state.

          o ConfirmIntent - Amazon Lex is expecting a "yes" or "no"  response.
            For  example, Amazon Lex wants user confirmation before fulfilling
            an intent. Instead of a simple "yes"  or  "no"  response,  a  user
            might  respond with additional information. For example, "yes, but
            make it a thick crust pizza" or "no, I want  to  order  a  drink."
            Amazon Lex can process such additional information (in these exam-
            ples, update the crust type slot or change the intent from  Order-
            Pizza to OrderDrink).

          o ElicitSlot  -  Amazon Lex is expecting the value of a slot for the
            current intent.  For example, suppose that in the response  Amazon
            Lex  sends this message: "What size pizza would you like?". A user
            might reply with the slot value (e.g., "medium"). The  user  might
            also provide additional information in the response (e.g., "medium
            thick crust pizza"). Amazon Lex can process such additional infor-
            mation appropriately.

          o Fulfilled - Conveys that the Lambda function has successfully ful-
            filled the intent.

          o ReadyForFulfillment - Conveys that the client has to  fulfill  the
            request.

          o Failed - Conveys that the conversation with the user failed.  This
            can happen for various reasons, including that the user  does  not
            provide  an  appropriate response to prompts from the service (you
            can configure how many times Amazon Lex can prompt a user for spe-
            cific information), or if the Lambda function fails to fulfill the
            intent.

       slotToElicit -> (string)
          If the dialogState value is ElicitSlot , returns  the  name  of  the
          slot for which Amazon Lex is eliciting a value.

       inputTranscript -> (string)
          The text used to process the request.

          You  can  use  this  field  only  in the de-DE, en-AU, en-GB, en-US,
          es-419, es-ES, es-US, fr-CA, fr-FR, and it-IT locales. In all  other
          locales,  the  inputTranscript field is null. You should use the en-
          codedInputTranscript field instead.

          If the input was an audio stream, the inputTranscript field contains
          the  text  extracted from the audio stream. This is the text that is
          actually processed to recognize intents and slot values. You can use
          this  information to determine if Amazon Lex is correctly processing
          the audio that you send.

       encodedInputTranscript -> (string)
          The text used to process the request.

          If the input was an audio stream, the  encodedInputTranscript  field
          contains  the text extracted from the audio stream. This is the text
          that is actually processed to recognize intents and slot values. You
          can  use  this  information  to determine if Amazon Lex is correctly
          processing the audio that you send.

          The encodedInputTranscript field is base-64 encoded. You must decode
          the field before you can use the value.

       audioStream -> (streaming blob)
          The  prompt  (or  statement) to convey to the user. This is based on
          the bot configuration and context. For example, if  Amazon  Lex  did
          not  understand  the  user  intent, it sends the clarificationPrompt
          configured for the bot. If the intent requires  confirmation  before
          taking the fulfillment action, it sends the confirmationPrompt . An-
          other example: Suppose that the Lambda  function  successfully  ful-
          filled  the  intent,  and sent a message to convey to the user. Then
          Amazon Lex sends that message in the response.

       botVersion -> (string)
          The version of the bot that responded to the conversation.  You  can
          use  this  information  to help determine if one version of a bot is
          performing better than another version.

       sessionId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the session.

       activeContexts -> (JSON)
          A list of active contexts for the session. A context can be set when
          an intent is fulfilled or by calling the PostContent , PostText , or
          PutSession operation.

          You can use a context to control the intents that can follow  up  an
          intent, or to modify the operation of your application.



                                                                POST-CONTENT()
