ASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()                                ASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()



NAME
       associate-mac-sec-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  a  MAC Security (MACsec) Connection Key Name (CKN)/ Connec-
       tivity Association Key (CAK) pair with an Direct Connect dedicated con-
       nection.

       You  must  supply  either  the secretARN, or the CKN/CAK (ckn and cak )
       pair in the request.

       For information about MAC Security  (MACsec)  key  considerations,  see
       MACsec pre-shared CKN/CAK key considerations in the Direct Connect User
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-mac-sec-key
          --connection-id <value>
          [--secret-arn <value>]
          [--ckn <value>]
          [--cak <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connection-id (string)
          The ID of the dedicated connection (dxcon-xxxx), or the  ID  of  the
          LAG (dxlag-xxxx).

          You  can  use  DescribeConnections or  DescribeLags to retrieve con-
          nection ID.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MAC Security  (MACsec)  secret
          key to associate with the dedicated connection.

          You  can  use   DescribeConnections or  DescribeLags to retrieve the
          MAC Security (MACsec) secret key.

          If you use this request parameter, you do not use the  ckn  and  cak
          request parameters.

       --ckn (string)
          The  MAC  Security (MACsec) CKN to associate with the dedicated con-
          nection.

          You can create the CKN/CAK pair using an industry standard tool.

          The valid values are 64 hexadecimal characters (0-9, A-E).

          If you use this request parameter, you must use the cak request  pa-
          rameter and not use the secretARN request parameter.

       --cak (string)
          The  MAC  Security (MACsec) CAK to associate with the dedicated con-
          nection.

          You can create the CKN/CAK pair using an industry standard tool.

          The valid values are 64 hexadecimal characters (0-9, A-E).

          If you use this request parameter, you must use the ckn request  pa-
          rameter and not use the secretARN request parameter.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       connectionId -> (string)
          The  ID  of  the dedicated connection (dxcon-xxxx), or the ID of the
          LAG (dxlag-xxxx).

       macSecKeys -> (list)
          The MAC Security (MACsec) security keys associated  with  the  dedi-
          cated connection.

          (structure)
              Information about the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key.

              secretARN -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the MAC Security (MACsec)
                 secret key.

              ckn -> (string)
                 The Connection Key Name (CKN) for  the  MAC  Security  secret
                 key.

              state -> (string)
                 The state of the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key.

                 The possible values are:

                 o associating : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is being
                   validated and not yet associated  with  the  connection  or
                   LAG.

                 o associated  : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is vali-
                   dated and associated with the connection or LAG.

                 o disassociating : The MAC Security (MACsec)  secret  key  is
                   being disassociated from the connection or LAG

                 o disassociated  : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is no
                   longer associated with the connection or LAG.

              startOn -> (string)
                 The date that the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key takes  ef-
                 fect. The value is displayed in UTC format.



                                                       ASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()
