CONFIRM-PRIVATE-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()        CONFIRM-PRIVATE-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()



NAME
       confirm-private-virtual-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  ownership  of  a  private virtual interface created by another
       Amazon Web Services account.

       After the virtual interface owner makes this call, the  virtual  inter-
       face  is  created and attached to the specified virtual private gateway
       or Direct Connect gateway, and is made available to handle traffic.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            confirm-private-virtual-interface
          --virtual-interface-id <value>
          [--virtual-gateway-id <value>]
          [--direct-connect-gateway-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --virtual-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual interface.

       --virtual-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual private gateway.

       --direct-connect-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the Direct Connect gateway.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept ownership of a private virtual interface

       The following confirm-private-virtual-interface command accepts  owner-
       ship of a private virtual interface created by another customer:

          aws directconnect confirm-private-virtual-interface --virtual-interface-id dxvif-fgy8orxu --virtual-gateway-id vgw-e4a47df9

       Output:

          {
              "virtualInterfaceState": "pending"
          }

OUTPUT
       virtualInterfaceState -> (string)
          The  state  of the virtual interface. The following are the possible
          values:

          o confirming : The creation of the virtual interface is pending con-
            firmation  from  the  virtual interface owner. If the owner of the
            virtual interface is different from the owner of the connection on
            which it is provisioned, then the virtual interface will remain in
            this state until it is confirmed by the virtual interface owner.

          o verifying : This state only applies to public virtual  interfaces.
            Each  public virtual interface needs validation before the virtual
            interface can be created.

          o pending : A virtual interface is in this state from the time  that
            it  is  created  until  the  virtual interface is ready to forward
            traffic.

          o available : A virtual interface that is able to forward traffic.

          o down : A virtual interface that is BGP down.

          o deleting : A virtual interface is in this state immediately  after
            calling   DeleteVirtualInterface  until  it  can no longer forward
            traffic.

          o deleted : A virtual interface that cannot forward traffic.

          o rejected : The virtual interface owner has  declined  creation  of
            the  virtual  interface.  If a virtual interface in the Confirming
            state is deleted by the virtual interface owner, the  virtual  in-
            terface enters the Rejected state.

          o unknown : The state of the virtual interface is not available.



                                           CONFIRM-PRIVATE-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()
