CONFIRM-CONNECTION()                                      CONFIRM-CONNECTION()



NAME
       confirm-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Confirms  the  creation of the specified hosted connection on an inter-
       connect.

       Upon creation, the hosted  connection  is  initially  in  the  Ordering
       state,  and  remains in this state until the owner confirms creation of
       the hosted connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            confirm-connection
          --connection-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connection-id (string)
          The ID of the hosted connection.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To confirm the creation of a hosted connection on an interconnect

       The following confirm-connection command confirms  the  creation  of  a
       hosted connection on an interconnect:

          aws directconnect confirm-connection --connection-id dxcon-fg2wi7hy

       Output:

          {
              "connectionState": "pending"
          }

OUTPUT
       connectionState -> (string)
          The state of the connection. The following are the possible values:

          o ordering : The initial state of a hosted connection provisioned on
            an interconnect. The connection stays in the ordering state  until
            the  owner  of the hosted connection confirms or declines the con-
            nection order.

          o requested : The initial state of a standard connection.  The  con-
            nection  stays  in  the requested state until the Letter of Autho-
            rization (LOA) is sent to the customer.

          o pending : The connection has been approved and is  being  initial-
            ized.

          o available : The network link is up and the connection is ready for
            use.

          o down : The network link is down.

          o deleting : The connection is being deleted.

          o deleted : The connection has been deleted.

          o rejected : A hosted connection in the ordering  state  enters  the
            rejected state if it is deleted by the customer.

          o unknown : The state of the connection is not available.



                                                          CONFIRM-CONNECTION()
