CONFIRM-PUBLIC-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()          CONFIRM-PUBLIC-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()



NAME
       confirm-public-virtual-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts ownership of a public virtual interface created by another Ama-
       zon Web Services account.

       After the virtual interface owner makes this call, the  specified  vir-
       tual interface is created and made available to handle traffic.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            confirm-public-virtual-interface
          --virtual-interface-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --virtual-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual interface.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept ownership of a public virtual interface

       The  following  confirm-public-virtual-interface command accepts owner-
       ship of a public virtual interface created by another customer:

          aws directconnect confirm-public-virtual-interface --virtual-interface-id dxvif-fg9xo9vp

       Output:

          {
              "virtualInterfaceState": "verifying"
          }

OUTPUT
       virtualInterfaceState -> (string)
          The state of the virtual interface. The following are  the  possible
          values:

          o confirming : The creation of the virtual interface is pending con-
            firmation from the virtual interface owner. If the  owner  of  the
            virtual interface is different from the owner of the connection on
            which it is provisioned, then the virtual interface will remain in
            this state until it is confirmed by the virtual interface owner.

          o verifying  : This state only applies to public virtual interfaces.
            Each public virtual interface needs validation before the  virtual
            interface can be created.

          o pending  : A virtual interface is in this state from the time that
            it is created until the virtual  interface  is  ready  to  forward
            traffic.

          o available : A virtual interface that is able to forward traffic.

          o down : A virtual interface that is BGP down.

          o deleting  : A virtual interface is in this state immediately after
            calling  DeleteVirtualInterface until it  can  no  longer  forward
            traffic.

          o deleted : A virtual interface that cannot forward traffic.

          o rejected  :  The  virtual interface owner has declined creation of
            the virtual interface. If a virtual interface  in  the  Confirming
            state  is  deleted by the virtual interface owner, the virtual in-
            terface enters the Rejected state.

          o unknown : The state of the virtual interface is not available.



                                            CONFIRM-PUBLIC-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()
