CONFIRM-TRANSIT-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()        CONFIRM-TRANSIT-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()



NAME
       confirm-transit-virtual-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       Accepts  ownership  of  a  transit virtual interface created by another
       Amazon Web Services account.

       After the owner of the transit virtual interface makes this  call,  the
       specified  transit  virtual  interface is created and made available to
       handle traffic.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            confirm-transit-virtual-interface
          --virtual-interface-id <value>
          --direct-connect-gateway-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --virtual-interface-id (string)
          The ID of the virtual interface.

       --direct-connect-gateway-id (string)
          The ID of the Direct Connect gateway.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To accept ownership of a transit virtual interface

       The  following confirm-transit-virtual-interface accepts ownership of a
       transit virtual interface created by another customer.

          aws directconnect confirm-transit-virtual-interface \
              --virtual-interface-id dxvif-fEXAMPLE \
              --direct-connect-gateway-id 4112ccf9-25e9-4111-8237-b6c5dEXAMPLE

       Output:

          {
              "virtualInterfaceState": "pending"
          }

       For more information, see Accepting a Hosted Virtual Interface  in  the
       AWS Direct Connect User Guide.

OUTPUT
       virtualInterfaceState -> (string)
          The  state  of the virtual interface. The following are the possible
          values:

          o confirming : The creation of the virtual interface is pending con-
            firmation  from  the  virtual interface owner. If the owner of the
            virtual interface is different from the owner of the connection on
            which it is provisioned, then the virtual interface will remain in
            this state until it is confirmed by the virtual interface owner.

          o verifying : This state only applies to public virtual  interfaces.
            Each  public virtual interface needs validation before the virtual
            interface can be created.

          o pending : A virtual interface is in this state from the time  that
            it  is  created  until  the  virtual interface is ready to forward
            traffic.

          o available : A virtual interface that is able to forward traffic.

          o down : A virtual interface that is BGP down.

          o deleting : A virtual interface is in this state immediately  after
            calling   DeleteVirtualInterface  until  it  can no longer forward
            traffic.

          o deleted : A virtual interface that cannot forward traffic.

          o rejected : The virtual interface owner has  declined  creation  of
            the  virtual  interface.  If a virtual interface in the Confirming
            state is deleted by the virtual interface owner, the  virtual  in-
            terface enters the Rejected state.

          o unknown : The state of the virtual interface is not available.



                                           CONFIRM-TRANSIT-VIRTUAL-INTERFACE()
