CREATE-INTERCONNECT()                                    CREATE-INTERCONNECT()



NAME
       create-interconnect -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates an interconnect between an Direct Connect Partner's network and
       a specific Direct Connect location.

       An interconnect is a connection that is capable of hosting  other  con-
       nections. The Direct Connect Partner can use an interconnect to provide
       Direct Connect hosted connections to customers through their  own  net-
       work  services.  Like  a standard connection, an interconnect links the
       partner's network to an Direct Connect location over a standard  Ether-
       net  fiber-optic  cable.  One end is connected to the partner's router,
       the other to an Direct Connect router.

       You can automatically add the new interconnect to  a  link  aggregation
       group  (LAG)  by  specifying a LAG ID in the request. This ensures that
       the new interconnect is allocated on the same Direct  Connect  endpoint
       that  hosts  the  specified LAG. If there are no available ports on the
       endpoint, the request fails and no interconnect is created.

       For each end customer, the Direct Connect Partner provisions a  connec-
       tion  on  their interconnect by calling  AllocateHostedConnection . The
       end customer can then connect to Amazon Web Services resources by  cre-
       ating  a virtual interface on their connection, using the VLAN assigned
       to them by the Direct Connect Partner.

       NOTE:
          Intended for use by Direct Connect Partners only.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-interconnect
          --interconnect-name <value>
          --bandwidth <value>
          --location <value>
          [--lag-id <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--provider-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --interconnect-name (string)
          The name of the interconnect.

       --bandwidth (string)
          The port bandwidth, in Gbps. The possible values are 1 and 10.

       --location (string)
          The location of the interconnect.

       --lag-id (string)
          The ID of the LAG.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to associate with the interconnect.

          (structure)
              Information about a tag.

              key -> (string)
                 The key.

              value -> (string)
                 The value.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --provider-name (string)
          The name of the service provider associated with the interconnect.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To create an interconnect between a partner's network and AWS

       The following create-interconnect command creates an  interconnect  be-
       tween an AWS Direct Connect partner's network and a specific AWS Direct
       Connect location:

          aws directconnect create-interconnect --interconnect-name "1G Interconnect to AWS" --bandwidth 1Gbps --location TIVIT

       Output:

          {
              "region": "sa-east-1",
              "bandwidth": "1Gbps",
              "location": "TIVIT",
              "interconnectName": "1G Interconnect to AWS",
              "interconnectId": "dxcon-fgktov66",
              "interconnectState": "requested"
          }

OUTPUT
       interconnectId -> (string)
          The ID of the interconnect.

       interconnectName -> (string)
          The name of the interconnect.

       interconnectState -> (string)
          The state of the interconnect. The following are the  possible  val-
          ues:

          o requested : The initial state of an interconnect. The interconnect
            stays in the requested state until  the  Letter  of  Authorization
            (LOA) is sent to the customer.

          o pending : The interconnect is approved, and is being initialized.

          o available  : The network link is up, and the interconnect is ready
            for use.

          o down : The network link is down.

          o deleting : The interconnect is being deleted.

          o deleted : The interconnect is deleted.

          o unknown : The state of the interconnect is not available.

       region -> (string)
          The Amazon Web Services Region where the connection is located.

       location -> (string)
          The location of the connection.

       bandwidth -> (string)
          The bandwidth of the connection.

       loaIssueTime -> (timestamp)
          The time of the most recent call to  DescribeLoa  for  this  connec-
          tion.

       lagId -> (string)
          The ID of the LAG.

       awsDevice -> (string)
          The  Direct Connect endpoint on which the physical connection termi-
          nates.

       jumboFrameCapable -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether jumbo frames (9001 MTU) are supported.

       awsDeviceV2 -> (string)
          The Direct Connect endpoint that terminates the physical connection.

       awsLogicalDeviceId -> (string)
          The Direct Connect endpoint that terminates the logical  connection.
          This  device  might be different than the device that terminates the
          physical connection.

       hasLogicalRedundancy -> (string)
          Indicates whether the interconnect supports a secondary BGP  in  the
          same address family (IPv4/IPv6).

       tags -> (list)
          The tags associated with the interconnect.

          (structure)
              Information about a tag.

              key -> (string)
                 The key.

              value -> (string)
                 The value.

       providerName -> (string)
          The name of the service provider associated with the interconnect.



                                                         CREATE-INTERCONNECT()
