DELETE-INTERCONNECT()                                    DELETE-INTERCONNECT()



NAME
       delete-interconnect -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified interconnect.

       NOTE:
          Intended for use by Direct Connect Partners only.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-interconnect
          --interconnect-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --interconnect-id (string)
          The ID of the interconnect.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an interconnect

       The  following delete-interconnect command deletes the specified inter-
       connect:

          aws directconnect delete-interconnect --interconnect-id dxcon-fgktov66

       Output:

          {
              "interconnectState": "deleted"
          }

OUTPUT
       interconnectState -> (string)
          The state of the interconnect. The following are the  possible  val-
          ues:

          o requested : The initial state of an interconnect. The interconnect
            stays in the requested state until  the  Letter  of  Authorization
            (LOA) is sent to the customer.

          o pending : The interconnect is approved, and is being initialized.

          o available  : The network link is up, and the interconnect is ready
            for use.

          o down : The network link is down.

          o deleting : The interconnect is being deleted.

          o deleted : The interconnect is deleted.

          o unknown : The state of the interconnect is not available.



                                                         DELETE-INTERCONNECT()
