DESCRIBE-CUSTOMER-METADATA()                      DESCRIBE-CUSTOMER-METADATA()



NAME
       describe-customer-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       Get  and  view  a  list of customer agreements, along with their signed
       status and whether the customer is an NNIPartner,  NNIPartnerV2,  or  a
       nonPartner.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-customer-metadata
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       agreements -> (list)
          The list of customer agreements.

          (structure)
              The name and status of a customer agreement.

              agreementName -> (string)
                 The name of the agreement.

              status -> (string)
                 The  status  of  the  customer agreement. This will be either
                 signed or unsigned

       nniPartnerType -> (string)
          The type of network-to-network interface (NNI) partner. The  partner
          type will be one of the following:

          o V1:  This  partner  can  only  allocate  50Mbps, 100Mbps, 200Mbps,
            300Mbps, 400Mbps, or 500Mbps subgigabit connections.

          o V2: This partner can only allocate 1GB, 2GB, 5GB, or  10GB  hosted
            connections.

          o nonPartner: The customer is not a partner.



                                                  DESCRIBE-CUSTOMER-METADATA()
