DISASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()                          DISASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()



NAME
       disassociate-mac-sec-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  association  between a MAC Security (MACsec) security key
       and an Direct Connect dedicated connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-mac-sec-key
          --connection-id <value>
          --secret-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --connection-id (string)
          The ID of the dedicated connection (dxcon-xxxx), or the  ID  of  the
          LAG (dxlag-xxxx).

          You  can  use  DescribeConnections or  DescribeLags to retrieve con-
          nection ID.

       --secret-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MAC Security  (MACsec)  secret
          key.

          You  can use  DescribeConnections to retrieve the ARN of the MAC Se-
          curity (MACsec) secret key.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       connectionId -> (string)
          The ID of the dedicated connection (dxcon-xxxx), or the  ID  of  the
          LAG (dxlag-xxxx).

       macSecKeys -> (list)
          The  MAC  Security  (MACsec) security keys no longer associated with
          the dedicated connection.

          (structure)
              Information about the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key.

              secretARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MAC  Security  (MACsec)
                 secret key.

              ckn -> (string)
                 The  Connection  Key  Name  (CKN) for the MAC Security secret
                 key.

              state -> (string)
                 The state of the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key.

                 The possible values are:

                 o associating : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is being
                   validated  and  not  yet  associated with the connection or
                   LAG.

                 o associated : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is  vali-
                   dated and associated with the connection or LAG.

                 o disassociating  :  The  MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is
                   being disassociated from the connection or LAG

                 o disassociated : The MAC Security (MACsec) secret key is  no
                   longer associated with the connection or LAG.

              startOn -> (string)
                 The  date that the MAC Security (MACsec) secret key takes ef-
                 fect. The value is displayed in UTC format.



                                                    DISASSOCIATE-MAC-SEC-KEY()
