UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes one or more tags from the specified Direct Connect resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.

       --tag-keys (list)
          The tag keys of the tags to remove.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag from an AWS Direct Connect resource

       The following command removes the tag with the key Name from connection
       dxcon-abcabc12. If the command succeeds, no output is returned.

       Command:

          aws directconnect untag-resource --resource-arn arn:aws:directconnect:us-east-1:123456789012:dxcon/dxcon-abcabc12 --tag-keys Name

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
