START-CONNECTION()                                          START-CONNECTION()



NAME
       start-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          Amazon Web Services uses this action to install Outpost servers.

       Starts the connection required for Outpost server installation.

       Use  CloudTrail  to  monitor this action or Amazon Web Services managed
       policy for Amazon Web Services Outposts to secure it. For more informa-
       tion,  see Amazon Web Services managed policies for Amazon Web Services
       Outposts and Logging Amazon Web Services Outposts API calls with Amazon
       Web  Services CloudTrail in the Amazon Web Services Outposts User Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-connection
          --device-serial-number <value>
          --asset-id <value>
          --client-public-key <value>
          --network-interface-device-index <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --device-serial-number (string)
          The serial number of the dongle.

       --asset-id (string)
          The ID of the Outpost server.

       --client-public-key (string)
          The public key of the client.

       --network-interface-device-index (integer)
          The device index of the network interface on the Outpost server.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConnectionId -> (string)
          The ID of the connection.

       UnderlayIpAddress -> (string)
          The underlay IP address.



                                                            START-CONNECTION()
