GET-HOME-REGION()                                            GET-HOME-REGION()



NAME
       get-home-region -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  calling  accounts home region, if configured. This API is
       used by other AWS services to determine the regional endpoint for call-
       ing  AWS Application Discovery Service and Migration Hub. You must call
       GetHomeRegion at least once before you call any other  AWS  Application
       Discovery  Service  and AWS Migration Hub APIs, to obtain the account's
       Migration Hub home region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-home-region
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       HomeRegion -> (string)
          The name of the home region of the calling account.



                                                             GET-HOME-REGION()
