DELETE-CHANNEL()                                              DELETE-CHANNEL()



NAME
       delete-channel -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified channel and its associated stream keys.

       If  you  try  to delete a live channel, you will get an error (409 Con-
       flictException). To delete a channel that is live, call   StopStream  ,
       wait  for the Amazon EventBridge "Stream End" event (to verify that the
       stream's state was changed from Live to Offline), then call DeleteChan-
       nel. (See Using EventBridge with Amazon IVS .)

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-channel
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          ARN of the channel to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a channel and its associated stream keys

       The following delete-channel example deletes the channel with the spec-
       ified ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

          aws ivs delete-channel \
              --arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:stream-key/abcdABCDefgh

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Create a Channel in  the  Amazon  Interactive
       Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-CHANNEL()
