DELETE-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()                          DELETE-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()



NAME
       delete-playback-key-pair -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  specified  authorization  key pair. This invalidates future
       viewer tokens generated using the key pairs privateKey . For  more  in-
       formation, see Setting Up Private Channels in the Amazon IVS User Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-playback-key-pair
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          ARN of the key pair to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a specified playback key pair

       The  following delete-playback-key-pair example returns the fingerprint
       of the specified key pair.

          aws ivs delete-playback-key-pair \
              --arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:playback-key/abcd1234efgh

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Setting Up Private Channels in the Amazon In-
       teractive Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()
