GET-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()                                GET-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()



NAME
       get-playback-key-pair -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a  specified  playback authorization key pair and returns the arn
       and fingerprint . The privateKey held by the caller can be used to gen-
       erate  viewer  authorization tokens, to grant viewers access to private
       channels. For more information, see Setting Up Private Channels in  the
       Amazon IVS User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-playback-key-pair
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          ARN of the key pair to be returned.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a specified playback key pair

       The  following get-playback-key-pair example returns the fingerprint of
       the specified key pair.

          aws ivs get-playback-key-pair \
              --arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:playback-key/abcd1234efgh

       Output:

          {
              "keyPair": {
                  "arn": "arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:playback-key/abcd1234efgh",
                  "name": "my-playback-key",
                  "fingerprint": "0a:1b:2c:ab:cd:ef:34:56:70:b1:b2:71:01:2a:a3:72",
                  "tags": {}
              }
          }

       For more information, see Setting Up Private Channels in the Amazon In-
       teractive Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       keyPair -> (structure)
          arn -> (string)
              Key-pair ARN.

          fingerprint -> (string)
              Key-pair identifier.

          name -> (string)
              Playback-key-pair name. The value does not need to be unique.

          tags -> (map)
              Array of 1-50 maps, each of the form string:string (key:value) .
              See Tagging Amazon Web Services Resources for more  information,
              including restrictions that apply to tags and "Tag naming limits
              and requirements";  Amazon  IVS  has  no  service-specific  con-
              straints beyond what is documented there.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                       GET-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIR()
