LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about Amazon Web Services tags for the specified ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  ARN  of  the  resource to be retrieved. The ARN must be URL-en-
          coded.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list all tags for an AWS resource (for example: channel, stream key)

       The following list-tags-for-resource example lists all tags for a spec-
       ified resource ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

          aws ivs list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:12345689012:channel/abcdABCDefgh

       Output:

          {
              "tags":
              {
                  "key1": "value1",
                  "key2": "value2"
              }
          }

       For  more information, see Tagging in the Amazon Interactive Video Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (map)
          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
