LIST-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIRS()                            LIST-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIRS()



NAME
       list-playback-key-pairs -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  summary  information  about playback key pairs. For more informa-
       tion, see Setting Up Private Channels in the Amazon IVS User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-playback-key-pairs is a paginated operation.  Multiple  API  calls
       may  be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You
       can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When
       using  --output  text and the --query argument on a paginated response,
       the --query argument must extract data from the results of the  follow-
       ing query expressions: keyPairs

SYNOPSIS
            list-playback-key-pairs
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get summary information about all playback key pairs

       The following list-playback-key-pairs example returns information about
       all key pairs.

          aws ivs list-playback-key-pairs

       Output:

          {
              "keyPairs": [
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:playback-key/abcd1234efgh",
                      "name": "test-key-0",
                      "tags": {}
                  },
                  {
                      "arn": "arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:playback-key/ijkl5678mnop",
                      "name": "test-key-1",
                      "tags": {}
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Setting Up Private Channels in the Amazon In-
       teractive Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       keyPairs -> (list)
          List of key pairs.

          (structure)
              Summary information about a playback key pair.

              arn -> (string)
                 Key-pair ARN.

              name -> (string)
                 Playback-key-pair name. The value does not need to be unique.

              tags -> (map)
                 Array  of  1-50  maps,  each  of   the   form   string:string
                 (key:value)  .  See Tagging Amazon Web Services Resources for
                 more information, including restrictions that apply  to  tags
                 and  "Tag  naming limits and requirements"; Amazon IVS has no
                 service-specific constraints beyond what is documented there.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If there are more key pairs than maxResults , use nextToken  in  the
          request to get the next set.



                                                     LIST-PLAYBACK-KEY-PAIRS()
