LIST-STREAMS()                                                  LIST-STREAMS()



NAME
       list-streams -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  summary  information  about  live streams in your account, in the
       Amazon Web Services region where the API request is processed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-streams is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: streams

SYNOPSIS
            list-streams
          [--filter-by <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --filter-by (structure)
          Filters the stream list to match the specified criterion.

          health -> (string)
              The streams health.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          health=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "health": "HEALTHY"|"STARVING"|"UNKNOWN"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To get a list of live streams and their state

       The following list-streams example lists all live streams for your  AWS
       account.

          aws ivs list-streams

       Output:

          {
             "streams": [
                  {
                      "channelArn": "arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/abcdABCDefgh",
                      "state": "LIVE",
                      "health": "HEALTHY",
                      "streamID": "st-ABCDEfghij01234KLMN5678",
                      "viewerCount": 1
                  }
              ]
          }

       For  more  information,  see Create a Channel in the Amazon Interactive
       Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       nextToken -> (string)
          If there are more streams than maxResults , use nextToken in the re-
          quest to get the next set.

       streams -> (list)
          List of streams.

          (structure)
              Summary information about a stream.

              channelArn -> (string)
                 Channel ARN for the stream.

              health -> (string)
                 The streams health.

              startTime -> (timestamp)
                 Time  of the streams start. This is an ISO 8601 timestamp re-
                 turned as a string.

              state -> (string)
                 The streams state.

              streamId -> (string)
                 Unique identifier for a live or previously live stream in the
                 specified channel.

              viewerCount -> (long)
                 A  count  of concurrent views of the stream. Typically, a new
                 view appears in viewerCount within 15 seconds of  when  video
                 playback starts and a view is removed from viewerCount within
                 1 minute of when video playback ends. A value of -1 indicates
                 that the request timed out; in this case, retry.



                                                                LIST-STREAMS()
