PUT-METADATA()                                                  PUT-METADATA()



NAME
       put-metadata -

DESCRIPTION
       Inserts  metadata  into  the active stream of the specified channel. At
       most 5 requests per second per channel are allowed, each with a maximum
       1  KB payload. (If 5 TPS is not sufficient for your needs, we recommend
       batching your data into a single PutMetadata call.)  At  most  155  re-
       quests  per second per account are allowed. Also see Embedding Metadata
       within a Video Stream in the Amazon IVS User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-metadata
          --channel-arn <value>
          --metadata <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          ARN of the channel into which metadata  is  inserted.  This  channel
          must have an active stream.

       --metadata (string)
          Metadata to insert into the stream. Maximum: 1 KB per request.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To insert metadata into the active stream for a specified channel

       The  following put-metadata example inserts the given metadata into the
       stream for the specified channel.

          aws ivs put-metadata \
              --channel-arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/abcdABCDefgh \
              --metadata '{"my": "metadata"}'

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Create a Channel in  the  Amazon  Interactive
       Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                PUT-METADATA()
