STOP-STREAM()                                                    STOP-STREAM()



NAME
       stop-stream -

DESCRIPTION
       Disconnects the incoming RTMPS stream for the specified channel. Can be
       used in conjunction with  DeleteStreamKey to prevent further  streaming
       to a channel.

       NOTE:
          Many  streaming  client-software libraries automatically reconnect a
          dropped RTMPS session, so to stop the stream  permanently,  you  may
          want to first revoke the streamKey attached to the channel.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-stream
          --channel-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --channel-arn (string)
          ARN of the channel for which the stream is to be stopped.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop a specified stream

       The  following  stop-stream  example  stops the stream on the specified
       channel.

          aws ivs stop-stream \
              --channel-arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/abcdABCDefgh

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Create a Channel in  the  Amazon  Interactive
       Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                 STOP-STREAM()
