TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  or  updates  tags  for  the Amazon Web Services resource with the
       specified ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          ARN of the resource for which tags are to be added or  updated.  The
          ARN must be URL-encoded.

       --tags (map)
          Array  of  tags  to be added or updated. See Tagging Amazon Web Ser-
          vices Resources for more information,  including  restrictions  that
          apply  to  tags and "Tag naming limits and requirements"; Amazon IVS
          has no service-specific constraints beyond what is documented there.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To add or update tags for an AWS resource (for example: channel, stream
       key)

       The following tag-resource example adds or updates tags for a specified
       resource ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

          aws ivs tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/abcdABCDefgh \
              --tags "tagkey1=tagvalue1, tagkey2=tagvalue2"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging in the Amazon Interactive Video  Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
