UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes tags from the resource with the specified ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          ARN of the resource for which tags are to be removed.

       --tag-keys (list)
          Array of tags to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags for an AWS resource (for example: channel, stream key)

       The  following  untag-resource example removes the specified tags for a
       specified resource ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

          aws ivs untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ivs:us-west-2:123456789012:channel/abcdABCDefgh \
              --tag-keys "tagkey1, tagkey2"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging in the Amazon Interactive Video  Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
