CREATE-DEDICATED-IP-POOL()                          CREATE-DEDICATED-IP-POOL()



NAME
       create-dedicated-ip-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Create  a new pool of dedicated IP addresses. A pool can include one or
       more dedicated IP addresses that are associated with your  Amazon  Pin-
       point  account. You can associate a pool with a configuration set. When
       you send an email that uses that  configuration  set,  Amazon  Pinpoint
       sends it using only the IP addresses in the associated pool.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-dedicated-ip-pool
          --pool-name <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pool-name (string)
          The name of the dedicated IP pool.

       --tags (list)
          An  object  that defines the tags (keys and values) that you want to
          associate with the pool.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource in Amazon Pinpoint. Tags can help you cat-
              egorize  and manage resources in different ways, such as by pur-
              pose, owner, environment, or other criteria. A resource can have
              as many as 50 tags.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit  or  remove tag keys or values that use this prefix. Tags
                that use this prefix dont count against the limit of  50  tags
                per resource.

              o You  can  associate  tags with public or shared resources, but
                the tags are available only for  your  AWS  account,  not  any
                other  accounts that share the resource. In addition, the tags
                are available only for resources that are located in the spec-
                ified AWS Region for your AWS account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you dont want a resource to have a
                 specific tag value, dont specify a value for this  parameter.
                 Amazon Pinpoint will set the value to an empty string.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    CREATE-DEDICATED-IP-POOL()
