DELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-EVENT-DESDELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-EVENT-DESTINATION()



NAME
       delete-configuration-set-event-destination -

DESCRIPTION
       Delete an event destination.

       In  Amazon  Pinpoint,  events include message sends, deliveries, opens,
       clicks, bounces, and complaints. Event destinations are places that you
       can  send  information about these events to. For example, you can send
       event data to Amazon SNS to  receive  notifications  when  you  receive
       bounces  or  complaints, or you can use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to
       stream data to Amazon S3 for long-term storage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-configuration-set-event-destination
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          --event-destination-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The name of the configuration set that contains the  event  destina-
          tion that you want to delete.

       --event-destination-name (string)
          The name of the event destination that you want to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                  DELETE-CONFIGURATION-SET-EVENT-DESTINATION()
