GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()                                GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()



NAME
       get-configuration-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Get information about an existing configuration set, including the ded-
       icated IP pool that it's associated with, whether or not  it's  enabled
       for sending email, and more.

       In Amazon Pinpoint, configuration sets are groups of rules that you can
       apply to the emails you send. You apply a configuration set to an email
       by including a reference to the configuration set in the headers of the
       email. When you apply a configuration set to an email, all of the rules
       in that configuration set are applied to the email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-configuration-set
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The  name  of the configuration set that you want to obtain more in-
          formation about.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConfigurationSetName -> (string)
          The name of the configuration set.

       TrackingOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines the  open  and  click  tracking  options  for
          emails that you send using the configuration set.

          CustomRedirectDomain -> (string)
              The  domain  that  you  want  to use for tracking open and click
              events.

       DeliveryOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is  used  to  send
          emails that you send using the configuration set.

          TlsPolicy -> (string)
              Specifies  whether  messages  that use the configuration set are
              required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). If the value  is
              Require , messages are only delivered if a TLS connection can be
              established. If the value is Optional , messages can  be  deliv-
              ered in plain text if a TLS connection can't be established.

          SendingPoolName -> (string)
              The  name  of  the  dedicated IP pool that you want to associate
              with the configuration set.

       ReputationOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines whether or not Amazon Pinpoint collects repu-
          tation  metrics for the emails that you send that use the configura-
          tion set.

          ReputationMetricsEnabled -> (boolean)
              If true , tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the con-
              figuration  set.  If  false  , tracking of reputation metrics is
              disabled for the configuration set.

          LastFreshStart -> (timestamp)
              The date and time (in Unix time)  when  the  reputation  metrics
              were  last  given  a  fresh  start. When your account is given a
              fresh start, your reputation  metrics  are  calculated  starting
              from the date of the fresh start.

       SendingOptions -> (structure)
          An object that defines whether or not Amazon Pinpoint can send email
          that you send using the configuration set.

          SendingEnabled -> (boolean)
              If true , email sending is enabled for the configuration set. If
              false , email sending is disabled for the configuration set.

       Tags -> (list)
          An  array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that are
          associated with the configuration set.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource in Amazon Pinpoint. Tags can help you cat-
              egorize  and manage resources in different ways, such as by pur-
              pose, owner, environment, or other criteria. A resource can have
              as many as 50 tags.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit  or  remove tag keys or values that use this prefix. Tags
                that use this prefix dont count against the limit of  50  tags
                per resource.

              o You  can  associate  tags with public or shared resources, but
                the tags are available only for  your  AWS  account,  not  any
                other  accounts that share the resource. In addition, the tags
                are available only for resources that are located in the spec-
                ified AWS Region for your AWS account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you dont want a resource to have a
                 specific tag value, dont specify a value for this  parameter.
                 Amazon Pinpoint will set the value to an empty string.



                                                       GET-CONFIGURATION-SET()
