GET-DEDICATED-IPS()                                        GET-DEDICATED-IPS()



NAME
       get-dedicated-ips -

DESCRIPTION
       List  the  dedicated  IP addresses that are associated with your Amazon
       Pinpoint account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-dedicated-ips is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: DedicatedIps

SYNOPSIS
            get-dedicated-ips
          [--pool-name <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pool-name (string)
          The  name of the IP pool that the dedicated IP address is associated
          with.

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       DedicatedIps -> (list)
          A list of dedicated IP addresses that are reserved for use  by  your
          Amazon Pinpoint account.

          (structure)
              Contains  information about a dedicated IP address that is asso-
              ciated with your Amazon Pinpoint account.

              Ip -> (string)
                 An IP address that is reserved for use by  your  Amazon  Pin-
                 point account.

              WarmupStatus -> (string)
                 The  warm-up status of a dedicated IP address. The status can
                 have one of the following values:

                 o IN_PROGRESS  The IP address isn't ready to use because  the
                   dedicated IP warm-up process is ongoing.

                 o DONE  The dedicated IP warm-up process is complete, and the
                   IP address is ready to use.

              WarmupPercentage -> (integer)
                 Indicates how complete the dedicated IP warm-up  process  is.
                 When  this  value  equals  1,  the  address has completed the
                 warm-up process and is ready for use.

              PoolName -> (string)
                 The name of the dedicated IP pool that the IP address is  as-
                 sociated with.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  that  indicates that there are additional dedicated IP ad-
          dresses to list. To view additional addresses, issue another request
          to GetDedicatedIps , passing this token in the NextToken parameter.



                                                           GET-DEDICATED-IPS()
