GET-ACCOUNT()                                                    GET-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       get-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Obtain  information  about the email-sending status and capabilities of
       your Amazon Pinpoint account in the current AWS Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-account
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SendQuota -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the per-day and per-second
          sending limits for your Amazon Pinpoint account in the  current  AWS
          Region.

          Max24HourSend -> (double)
              The  maximum  number  of emails that you can send in the current
              AWS Region over a 24-hour period. This value is also called your
              sending quota .

          MaxSendRate -> (double)
              The maximum number of emails that you can send per second in the
              current AWS Region. This value is also called your maximum send-
              ing rate or your maximum TPS (transactions per second) rate .

          SentLast24Hours -> (double)
              The  number  of emails sent from your Amazon Pinpoint account in
              the current AWS Region over the past 24 hours.

       SendingEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether or not email sending is enabled  for  your  Amazon
          Pinpoint account in the current AWS Region.

       DedicatedIpAutoWarmupEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  or  not the automatic warm-up feature is enabled
          for dedicated IP addresses that are associated with your account.

       EnforcementStatus -> (string)
          The reputation status of your Amazon Pinpoint  account.  The  status
          can be one of the following:

          o HEALTHY  There are no reputation-related issues that currently im-
            pact your account.

          o PROBATION  We've identified some issues with your Amazon  Pinpoint
            account. We're placing your account under review while you work on
            correcting these issues.

          o SHUTDOWN  Your account's ability to send email is currently paused
            because  of  an  issue with the email sent from your account. When
            you correct the issue, you can contact us and  request  that  your
            account's ability to send email is resumed.

       ProductionAccessEnabled -> (boolean)
          Indicates  whether  or not your account has production access in the
          current AWS Region.

          If the value is false , then your account is in the sandbox  .  When
          your  account is in the sandbox, you can only send email to verified
          identities. Additionally, the maximum number of emails you can  send
          in  a  24-hour  period  (your sending quota) is 200, and the maximum
          number of emails you can send per second (your maximum sending rate)
          is 1.

          If the value is true , then your account has production access. When
          your account has production access, you can send email  to  any  ad-
          dress.  The  sending quota and maximum sending rate for your account
          vary based on your specific use case.



                                                                 GET-ACCOUNT()
