GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()                                      GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()



NAME
       get-email-identity -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  information  about  a  specific identity associated with your
       Amazon Pinpoint account, including the identity's verification  status,
       its DKIM authentication status, and its custom Mail-From settings.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

SYNOPSIS
            get-email-identity
          --email-identity <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]
          [--debug]
          [--endpoint-url <value>]
          [--no-verify-ssl]
          [--no-paginate]
          [--output <value>]
          [--query <value>]
          [--profile <value>]
          [--region <value>]
          [--version <value>]
          [--color <value>]
          [--no-sign-request]
          [--ca-bundle <value>]
          [--cli-read-timeout <value>]
          [--cli-connect-timeout <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity that you want to retrieve details for.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       --debug (boolean)

       Turn on debug logging.

       --endpoint-url (string)

       Override command's default URL with the given URL.

       --no-verify-ssl (boolean)

       By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS  services.
       For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates. This
       option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL certificates.

       --no-paginate (boolean)

       Disable automatic pagination.

       --output (string)

       The formatting style for command output.

       o json

       o text

       o table

       --query (string)

       A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

       --profile (string)

       Use a specific profile from your credential file.

       --region (string)

       The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

       --version (string)

       Display the version of this tool.

       --color (string)

       Turn on/off color output.

       o on

       o off

       o auto

       --no-sign-request (boolean)

       Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if  this  argument
       is provided.

       --ca-bundle (string)

       The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates. Over-
       rides config/env settings.

       --cli-read-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,  the
       socket  read  will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
       seconds.

       --cli-connect-timeout (int)

       The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set  to  0,
       the  socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
       is 60 seconds.

OUTPUT
       IdentityType -> (string)
          The email identity type.

       FeedbackForwardingStatus -> (boolean)
          The feedback forwarding configuration for the identity.

          If the value is true , Amazon Pinpoint sends you email notifications
          when  bounce  or  complaint events occur. Amazon Pinpoint sends this
          notification to the address that you specified  in  the  Return-Path
          header of the original email.

          When  you  set this value to false , Amazon Pinpoint sends notifica-
          tions through other mechanisms, such as by notifying an  Amazon  SNS
          topic or another event destination. You're required to have a method
          of tracking bounces and complaints. If you haven't  set  up  another
          mechanism  for  receiving  bounce or complaint notifications, Amazon
          Pinpoint sends an email notification when these events  occur  (even
          if this setting is disabled).

       VerifiedForSendingStatus -> (boolean)
          Specifies  whether  or  not the identity is verified. In Amazon Pin-
          point, you can only send email from verified email addresses or  do-
          mains.  For  more  information  about  verifying identities, see the
          Amazon Pinpoint User Guide .

       DkimAttributes -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the  DKIM  attributes  for
          the identity. This object includes the tokens that you use to create
          the CNAME records that are required to complete the  DKIM  verifica-
          tion process.

          SigningEnabled -> (boolean)
              If  the  value  is true , then the messages that Amazon Pinpoint
              sends from the identity are DKIM-signed. If the value is false ,
              then  the  messages that Amazon Pinpoint sends from the identity
              aren't DKIM-signed.

          Status -> (string)
              Describes whether or not Amazon Pinpoint  has  successfully  lo-
              cated  the  DKIM  records in the DNS records for the domain. The
              status can be one of the following:

              o PENDING  Amazon Pinpoint hasn't yet located the  DKIM  records
                in  the DNS configuration for the domain, but will continue to
                attempt to locate them.

              o SUCCESS  Amazon Pinpoint located the DKIM records in  the  DNS
                configuration  for the domain and determined that they're cor-
                rect. Amazon Pinpoint can now send DKIM-signed email from  the
                identity.

              o FAILED   Amazon Pinpoint was unable to locate the DKIM records
                in the DNS settings for the  domain,  and  won't  continue  to
                search for them.

              o TEMPORARY_FAILURE  A temporary issue occurred, which prevented
                Amazon Pinpoint from determining the DKIM status for  the  do-
                main.

              o NOT_STARTED   Amazon Pinpoint hasn't yet started searching for
                the DKIM records in the DKIM records for the domain.

          Tokens -> (list)
              A set of unique strings that you use to create a  set  of  CNAME
              records  that  you add to the DNS configuration for your domain.
              When Amazon Pinpoint detects these records in the DNS configura-
              tion  for  your  domain, the DKIM authentication process is com-
              plete. Amazon Pinpoint  usually  detects  these  records  within
              about  72 hours of adding them to the DNS configuration for your
              domain.

              (string)

       MailFromAttributes -> (structure)
          An object that contains information about the  Mail-From  attributes
          for the email identity.

          MailFromDomain -> (string)
              The  name  of  a  domain that an email identity uses as a custom
              MAIL FROM domain.

          MailFromDomainStatus -> (string)
              The status of the MAIL FROM domain. This  status  can  have  the
              following values:

              o PENDING   Amazon  Pinpoint hasn't started searching for the MX
                record yet.

              o SUCCESS  Amazon Pinpoint detected the required MX  record  for
                the MAIL FROM domain.

              o FAILED   Amazon Pinpoint can't find the required MX record, or
                the record no longer exists.

              o TEMPORARY_FAILURE  A temporary issue occurred, which prevented
                Amazon  Pinpoint  from determining the status of the MAIL FROM
                domain.

          BehaviorOnMxFailure -> (string)
              The action that Amazon Pinpoint to takes if it  can't  read  the
              required  MX  record for a custom MAIL FROM domain. When you set
              this value  to  UseDefaultValue  ,  Amazon  Pinpoint  uses  ama-
              zonses.com  as  the MAIL FROM domain. When you set this value to
              RejectMessage , Amazon Pinpoint returns a MailFromDomainNotVeri-
              fied error, and doesn't attempt to deliver the email.

              These  behaviors are taken when the custom MAIL FROM domain con-
              figuration is in the Pending ,  Failed  ,  and  TemporaryFailure
              states.

       Tags -> (list)
          An  array of objects that define the tags (keys and values) that are
          associated with the email identity.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource in Amazon Pinpoint. Tags can help you cat-
              egorize  and manage resources in different ways, such as by pur-
              pose, owner, environment, or other criteria. A resource can have
              as many as 50 tags.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit  or  remove tag keys or values that use this prefix. Tags
                that use this prefix dont count against the limit of  50  tags
                per resource.

              o You  can  associate  tags with public or shared resources, but
                the tags are available only for  your  AWS  account,  not  any
                other  accounts that share the resource. In addition, the tags
                are available only for resources that are located in the spec-
                ified AWS Region for your AWS account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you dont want a resource to have a
                 specific tag value, dont specify a value for this  parameter.
                 Amazon Pinpoint will set the value to an empty string.



                                                          GET-EMAIL-IDENTITY()
