LIST-EMAIL-IDENTITIES()                                LIST-EMAIL-IDENTITIES()



NAME
       list-email-identities -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a list of all of the email identities that are associated with
       your Amazon Pinpoint account. An identity can be either  an  email  ad-
       dress  or a domain. This operation returns identities that are verified
       as well as those that aren't.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-email-identities is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls  may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: EmailIdentities

SYNOPSIS
            list-email-identities
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EmailIdentities -> (list)
          An array that includes all of the identities  associated  with  your
          Amazon Pinpoint account.

          (structure)
              Information about an email identity.

              IdentityType -> (string)
                 The  email identity type. The identity type can be one of the
                 following:

                 o EMAIL_ADDRESS  The identity is an email address.

                 o DOMAIN  The identity is a domain.

                 o MANAGED_DOMAIN  The identity is a domain that is managed by
                   AWS.

              IdentityName -> (string)
                 The address or domain of the identity.

              SendingEnabled -> (boolean)
                 Indicates  whether  or  not you can send email from the iden-
                 tity.

                 In Amazon Pinpoint, an identity is an email address or domain
                 that  you  send email from. Before you can send email from an
                 identity, you have to demostrate that you own  the  identity,
                 and  that  you  authorize  Amazon Pinpoint to send email from
                 that identity.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token that indicates that there are additional configuration  sets
          to  list.  To  view additional configuration sets, issue another re-
          quest to ListEmailIdentities , and pass this token in the  NextToken
          parameter.



                                                       LIST-EMAIL-IDENTITIES()
