PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTESPUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-email-identity-feedback-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  to  enable  or  disable feedback forwarding for an identity. This
       setting determines what happens when an identity is  used  to  send  an
       email that results in a bounce or complaint event.

       When  you  enable  feedback forwarding, Amazon Pinpoint sends you email
       notifications when bounce or complaint events  occur.  Amazon  Pinpoint
       sends  this  notification  to the address that you specified in the Re-
       turn-Path header of the original email.

       When you disable feedback forwarding, Amazon Pinpoint  sends  notifica-
       tions  through  other  mechanisms,  such  as by notifying an Amazon SNS
       topic. You're required to have a method of tracking  bounces  and  com-
       plaints.  If  you haven't set up another mechanism for receiving bounce
       or complaint notifications, Amazon Pinpoint sends an email notification
       when these events occur (even if this setting is disabled).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-email-identity-feedback-attributes
          --email-identity <value>
          [--email-forwarding-enabled | --no-email-forwarding-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The  email  identity that you want to configure bounce and complaint
          feedback forwarding for.

       --email-forwarding-enabled | --no-email-forwarding-enabled (boolean)
          Sets the feedback forwarding configuration for the identity.

          If the value is true , Amazon Pinpoint sends you email notifications
          when  bounce  or  complaint events occur. Amazon Pinpoint sends this
          notification to the address that you specified  in  the  Return-Path
          header of the original email.

          When  you  set this value to false , Amazon Pinpoint sends notifica-
          tions through other mechanisms, such as by notifying an  Amazon  SNS
          topic or another event destination. You're required to have a method
          of tracking bounces and complaints. If you haven't  set  up  another
          mechanism  for  receiving  bounce or complaint notifications, Amazon
          Pinpoint sends an email notification when these events  occur  (even
          if this setting is disabled).

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-FEEDBACK-ATTRIBUTES()
