PUT-ACCOUNT-DEDICATED-IP-WARMUP-ATPUT-ACCOUNT-DEDICATED-IP-WARMUP-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-account-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable  or  disable  the automatic warm-up feature for dedicated IP ad-
       dresses.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-account-dedicated-ip-warmup-attributes
          [--auto-warmup-enabled | --no-auto-warmup-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-warmup-enabled | --no-auto-warmup-enabled (boolean)
          Enables or disables the automatic warm-up feature for  dedicated  IP
          addresses  that  are associated with your Amazon Pinpoint account in
          the current AWS Region. Set to true to enable the automatic  warm-up
          feature, or set to false to disable it.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                  PUT-ACCOUNT-DEDICATED-IP-WARMUP-ATTRIBUTES()
