PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()      PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-email-identity-dkim-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Used to enable or disable DKIM authentication for an email identity.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-email-identity-dkim-attributes
          --email-identity <value>
          [--signing-enabled | --no-signing-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --email-identity (string)
          The email identity that you want to change the DKIM settings for.

       --signing-enabled | --no-signing-enabled (boolean)
          Sets the DKIM signing configuration for the identity.

          When  you  set  this value true , then the messages that Amazon Pin-
          point sends from the identity are DKIM-signed.  When  you  set  this
          value  to  false , then the messages that Amazon Pinpoint sends from
          the identity aren't DKIM-signed.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          PUT-EMAIL-IDENTITY-DKIM-ATTRIBUTES()
