PUT-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ATTRIBUTES()              PUT-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       put-account-sending-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Enable or disable the ability of your account to send email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-account-sending-attributes
          [--sending-enabled | --no-sending-enabled]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sending-enabled | --no-sending-enabled (boolean)
          Enables  or  disables  your  account's ability to send email. Set to
          true to enable email sending, or set to false to disable email send-
          ing.

          NOTE:
              If  AWS  paused  your account's ability to send email, you can't
              use this operation to resume  your  account's  ability  to  send
              email.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              PUT-ACCOUNT-SENDING-ATTRIBUTES()
