PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-DELIVERY-OPTIONSPUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-DELIVERY-OPTIONS()



NAME
       put-configuration-set-delivery-options -

DESCRIPTION
       Associate  a  configuration  set  with a dedicated IP pool. You can use
       dedicated IP pools to create groups of dedicated IP addresses for send-
       ing specific types of email.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-configuration-set-delivery-options
          --configuration-set-name <value>
          [--tls-policy <value>]
          [--sending-pool-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --configuration-set-name (string)
          The  name of the configuration set that you want to associate with a
          dedicated IP pool.

       --tls-policy (string)
          Specifies whether messages that use the configuration  set  are  re-
          quired  to  use  Transport Layer Security (TLS). If the value is Re-
          quire , messages are only delivered if a TLS connection can  be  es-
          tablished.  If  the value is Optional , messages can be delivered in
          plain text if a TLS connection can't be established.

          Possible values:

          o REQUIRE

          o OPTIONAL

       --sending-pool-name (string)
          The name of the dedicated IP pool that you want  to  associate  with
          the configuration set.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      PUT-CONFIGURATION-SET-DELIVERY-OPTIONS()
