TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Add  one  or more tags (keys and values) to a specified resource. A tag
       is a label that you optionally define and associate with a resource  in
       Amazon  Pinpoint.  Tags can help you categorize and manage resources in
       different ways, such as by purpose, owner, environment, or other crite-
       ria. A resource can have as many as 50 tags.

       Each  tag  consists of a required tag key and an associated tag value ,
       both of which you define. A tag key is a general label that acts  as  a
       category for more specific tag values. A tag value acts as a descriptor
       within a tag key.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource that you want to  add
          one or more tags to.

       --tags (list)
          A  list of the tags that you want to add to the resource. A tag con-
          sists of a required tag key (Key  )  and  an  associated  tag  value
          (Value  ).  The  maximum  length of a tag key is 128 characters. The
          maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters.

          (structure)
              An object that defines the tags that are associated with  a  re-
              source.  A  tag  is a label that you optionally define and asso-
              ciate with a resource in Amazon Pinpoint. Tags can help you cat-
              egorize  and manage resources in different ways, such as by pur-
              pose, owner, environment, or other criteria. A resource can have
              as many as 50 tags.

              Each  tag  consists  of a required tag key and an associated tag
              value , both of which you define. A tag key is a  general  label
              that  acts  as  a  category for a more specific tag value. A tag
              value acts as a descriptor within a tag key. A tag key can  con-
              tain  as many as 128 characters. A tag value can contain as many
              as 256 characters. The characters can be Unicode  letters,  dig-
              its,  white  space, or one of the following symbols: _ . : / = +
              -. The following additional restrictions apply to tags:

              o Tag keys and values are case sensitive.

              o For each associated resource, each tag key must be unique  and
                it can have only one value.

              o The aws: prefix is reserved for use by AWS; you cant use it in
                any tag keys or values that you define. In addition, you can't
                edit  or  remove tag keys or values that use this prefix. Tags
                that use this prefix dont count against the limit of  50  tags
                per resource.

              o You  can  associate  tags with public or shared resources, but
                the tags are available only for  your  AWS  account,  not  any
                other  accounts that share the resource. In addition, the tags
                are available only for resources that are located in the spec-
                ified AWS Region for your AWS account.

              Key -> (string)
                 One  part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The maximum
                 length of a tag key is 128 characters. The minimum length  is
                 1 character.

              Value -> (string)
                 The optional part of a key-value pair that defines a tag. The
                 maximum length of a tag value is 256 characters. The  minimum
                 length is 0 characters. If you dont want a resource to have a
                 specific tag value, dont specify a value for this  parameter.
                 Amazon Pinpoint will set the value to an empty string.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
