CREATE-USAGE-LIMIT()                                      CREATE-USAGE-LIMIT()



NAME
       create-usage-limit -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a usage limit for a specified Amazon Redshift Serverless usage
       type. The usage limit is identified by the returned usage limit identi-
       fier.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-usage-limit
          --amount <value>
          [--breach-action <value>]
          [--period <value>]
          --resource-arn <value>
          --usage-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --amount (long)
          The limit amount. If time-based, this amount is in Redshift Process-
          ing Units (RPU) consumed per hour. If data-based, this amount is  in
          terabytes  (TB) of data transferred between Regions in cross-account
          sharing. The value must be a positive number.

       --breach-action (string)
          The action that Amazon Redshift Serverless takes when the  limit  is
          reached. The default is log.

          Possible values:

          o log

          o emit-metric

          o deactivate

       --period (string)
          The  time  period that the amount applies to. A weekly period begins
          on Sunday. The default is monthly.

          Possible values:

          o daily

          o weekly

          o monthly

       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Redshift Serverless re-
          source to create the usage limit for.

       --usage-type (string)
          The type of Amazon Redshift Serverless usage to create a usage limit
          for.

          Possible values:

          o serverless-compute

          o cross-region-datasharing

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       usageLimit -> (structure)
          The returned usage limit object.

          amount -> (long)
              The limit amount. If time-based, this amount is in RPUs consumed
              per hour. If data-based, this amount is in terabytes  (TB).  The
              value must be a positive number.

          breachAction -> (string)
              The  action that Amazon Redshift Serverless takes when the limit
              is reached.

          period -> (string)
              The time period that the amount applies to. A weekly period  be-
              gins on Sunday. The default is monthly.

          resourceArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the Amazon Red-
              shift Serverless resource.

          usageLimitArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name of the resource associated with the us-
              age limit.

          usageLimitId -> (string)
              The identifier of the usage limit.

          usageType -> (string)
              The Amazon Redshift Serverless feature to limit.



                                                          CREATE-USAGE-LIMIT()
