DELETE-RULE-GROUP()                                        DELETE-RULE-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-rule-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified  RuleGroup .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-rule-group
          --name <value>
          --scope <value>
          --id <value>
          --lock-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the  rule group. You cannot change the name of a rule
          group after you create it.

       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --id (string)
          A  unique  identifier for the rule group. This ID is returned in the
          responses to create and list commands. You provide it to  operations
          like update and delete.

       --lock-token (string)
          A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a token to your get
          and list requests, to mark the state of the entity at  the  time  of
          the  request.  To make changes to the entity associated with the to-
          ken, you provide the token to operations like update  and  delete  .
          WAF  uses  the token to ensure that no changes have been made to the
          entity since you last retrieved it. If a change has been  made,  the
          update  fails  with  a WAFOptimisticLockException . If this happens,
          perform another get , and use the new token returned by that  opera-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a custom rule group

       The following  delete-rule-group  deletes  the  specified  custom  rule
       group.  This  call  requires an ID, which you can obtain from the call,
       list-rule-groups, and a lock token, which you can obtain from the  call
       list-rule-groups or the call get-rule-group.

          aws wafv2 delete-rule-group \
              --name TestRuleGroup \
              --scope REGIONAL \
              --id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --lock-token 7b3bcec2-0000-0000-0000-563bf47249f0

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Managing Your Own Rule Groups in the AWS WAF,
       AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                           DELETE-RULE-GROUP()
