DELETE-FIREWALL-MANAGER-RULE-GROUPS()    DELETE-FIREWALL-MANAGER-RULE-GROUPS()



NAME
       delete-firewall-manager-rule-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  all  rule  groups that are managed by Firewall Manager for the
       specified web ACL.

       You can only use this if ManagedByFirewallManager is false in the spec-
       ified  WebACL .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-firewall-manager-rule-groups
          --web-acl-arn <value>
          --web-acl-lock-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --web-acl-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the web ACL.

       --web-acl-lock-token (string)
          A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a token to your get
          and list requests, to mark the state of the entity at  the  time  of
          the  request.  To make changes to the entity associated with the to-
          ken, you provide the token to operations like update  and  delete  .
          WAF  uses  the token to ensure that no changes have been made to the
          entity since you last retrieved it. If a change has been  made,  the
          update  fails  with  a WAFOptimisticLockException . If this happens,
          perform another get , and use the new token returned by that  opera-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextWebACLLockToken -> (string)
          A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a token to your get
          and list requests, to mark the state of the entity at  the  time  of
          the  request.  To make changes to the entity associated with the to-
          ken, you provide the token to operations like update  and  delete  .
          WAF  uses  the token to ensure that no changes have been made to the
          entity since you last retrieved it. If a change has been  made,  the
          update  fails  with  a WAFOptimisticLockException . If this happens,
          perform another get , and use the new token returned by that  opera-
          tion.



                                         DELETE-FIREWALL-MANAGER-RULE-GROUPS()
