DELETE-REGEX-PATTERN-SET()                          DELETE-REGEX-PATTERN-SET()



NAME
       delete-regex-pattern-set -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified  RegexPatternSet .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-regex-pattern-set
          --name <value>
          --scope <value>
          --id <value>
          --lock-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the set. You cannot change the name after you create the
          set.

       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --id (string)
          A  unique  identifier  for  the  set. This ID is returned in the re-
          sponses to create and list commands. You provide  it  to  operations
          like update and delete.

       --lock-token (string)
          A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a token to your get
          and list requests, to mark the state of the entity at  the  time  of
          the  request.  To make changes to the entity associated with the to-
          ken, you provide the token to operations like update  and  delete  .
          WAF  uses  the token to ensure that no changes have been made to the
          entity since you last retrieved it. If a change has been  made,  the
          update  fails  with  a WAFOptimisticLockException . If this happens,
          perform another get , and use the new token returned by that  opera-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a regex pattern set

       The  following  delete-regex-pattern-set  updates  the settings for the
       specified regex pattern set. This call requires an ID,  which  you  can
       obtain  from the call, list-regex-pattern-sets, and a lock token, which
       you can obtain  from  the  call  list-regex-pattern-sets  or  the  call
       get-regex-pattern-set.

          aws wafv2 delete-regex-pattern-set \
              --name regexPatterSet01 \
              --scope REGIONAL \
              --id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --lock-token 0bc01e21-03c9-4b98-9433-6229cbf1ef1c

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  IP Sets and Regex Pattern Sets in the AWS
       WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    DELETE-REGEX-PATTERN-SET()
