GET-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASE()                              GET-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASE()



NAME
       get-mobile-sdk-release -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  information  for the specified mobile SDK release, including
       release notes and tags.

       The mobile SDK is not generally available. Customers who have access to
       the  mobile  SDK can use it to establish and manage Security Token Ser-
       vice (STS) security tokens for use in HTTP(S) requests  from  a  mobile
       device  to  WAF. For more information, see WAF client application inte-
       gration in the WAF Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-mobile-sdk-release
          --platform <value>
          --release-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --platform (string)
          The device platform.

          Possible values:

          o IOS

          o ANDROID

       --release-version (string)
          The release version. For the latest available version, specify  LAT-
          EST .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       MobileSdkRelease -> (structure)
          Information for a specified SDK release, including release notes and
          tags.

          ReleaseVersion -> (string)
              The release version.

          Timestamp -> (timestamp)
              The timestamp of the release.

          ReleaseNotes -> (string)
              Notes describing the release.

          Tags -> (list)
              Tags that are associated with the release.

              (structure)
                 A  tag  associated with an Amazon Web Services resource. Tags
                 are key:value pairs that you can use to categorize and manage
                 your  resources,  for  purposes like billing or other manage-
                 ment. Typically, the tag key represents a category,  such  as
                 "environment",  and the tag value represents a specific value
                 within that category, such as "test," "development," or "pro-
                 duction".  Or you might set the tag key to "customer" and the
                 value to the customer name or ID. You can specify one or more
                 tags  to  add  to each Amazon Web Services resource, up to 50
                 tags for a resource.

                 You can tag the Amazon Web Services resources that you manage
                 through  WAF:  web ACLs, rule groups, IP sets, and regex pat-
                 tern sets. You can't manage or view tags through the WAF con-
                 sole.

                 Key -> (string)
                     Part  of  the  key:value pair that defines a tag. You can
                     use a tag key to describe a category of information, such
                     as "customer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

                 Value -> (string)
                     Part  of  the  key:value pair that defines a tag. You can
                     use a tag value to describe a  specific  value  within  a
                     category,  such  as  "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values
                     are case-sensitive.



                                                      GET-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASE()
