GET-RATE-BASED-STATEMENT-MANAGED-KEYS()GET-RATE-BASED-STATEMENT-MANAGED-KEYS()



NAME
       get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the keys that are currently blocked by a rate-based rule in-
       stance. The maximum number of managed keys that can be  blocked  for  a
       single  rate-based  rule  instance  is  10,000. If more than 10,000 ad-
       dresses exceed the  rate  limit,  those  with  the  highest  rates  are
       blocked.

       For  a rate-based rule that you've defined inside a rule group, provide
       the name of the rule group reference statement in your request, in  ad-
       dition to the rate-based rule name and the web ACL name.

       WAF  monitors  web  requests  and  manages  keys independently for each
       unique combination of web ACL,  optional  rule  group,  and  rate-based
       rule. For example, if you define a rate-based rule inside a rule group,
       and then use the rule group in a web ACL, WAF monitors web requests and
       manages  keys  for  that  web  ACL, rule group reference statement, and
       rate-based rule instance. If you use the same rule group  in  a  second
       web ACL, WAF monitors web requests and manages keys for this second us-
       age completely independent of your first.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys
          --scope <value>
          --web-acl-name <value>
          --web-acl-id <value>
          [--rule-group-rule-name <value>]
          --rule-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --web-acl-name (string)
          The name of the web ACL. You cannot change the name of a web ACL af-
          ter you create it.

       --web-acl-id (string)
          The unique identifier for the web ACL. This ID is  returned  in  the
          responses  to create and list commands. You provide it to operations
          like update and delete.

       --rule-group-rule-name (string)
          The name of the rule group reference statement in your web ACL. This
          is  required  only when you have the rate-based rule nested inside a
          rule group.

       --rule-name (string)
          The name of the rate-based rule to get the keys for. If you have the
          rule  defined inside a rule group that you're using in your web ACL,
          also provide the name of the rule group reference statement  in  the
          request parameter RuleGroupRuleName .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of IP addresses that are  blocked  by  a  rate-based
       rule

       The  following  get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys  retrieves the IP
       addresses currently blocked by a rate-based rule that's being used  for
       a regional application.

          aws wafv2 get-rate-based-statement-managed-keys \
              --scope REGIONAL \
              --web-acl-name testwebacl2 \
              --web-acl-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --rule-name ratebasedtest

       Output:

          {
              "ManagedKeysIPV4":{
                  "IPAddressVersion":"IPV4",
                  "Addresses":[
                      "198.51.100.0/32"
                  ]
              },
              "ManagedKeysIPV6":{
                  "IPAddressVersion":"IPV6",
                  "Addresses":[

                  ]
              }
          }

       For more information, see Rate-Based Rule Statement in the AWS WAF, AWS
       Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       ManagedKeysIPV4 -> (structure)
          The keys that are of Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4).

          IPAddressVersion -> (string)
              The version of the IP addresses, either IPV4 or IPV6 .

          Addresses -> (list)
              The IP addresses that are currently blocked.

              (string)

       ManagedKeysIPV6 -> (structure)
          The keys that are of Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6).

          IPAddressVersion -> (string)
              The version of the IP addresses, either IPV4 or IPV6 .

          Addresses -> (list)
              The IP addresses that are currently blocked.

              (string)



                                       GET-RATE-BASED-STATEMENT-MANAGED-KEYS()
