LIST-AVAILABLE-MANAGED-RULE-GROUP-LIST-AVAILABLE-MANAGED-RULE-GROUP-VERSIONS()



NAME
       list-available-managed-rule-group-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a list of the available versions for the specified managed rule
       group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-available-managed-rule-group-versions
          --vendor-name <value>
          --name <value>
          --scope <value>
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vendor-name (string)
          The name of the managed rule group vendor. You use this, along  with
          the rule group name, to identify the rule group.

       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the  managed rule group. You use this, along with the
          vendor name, to identify the rule group.

       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --next-marker (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber of objects that are still available for  retrieval  exceeds  the
          limit,  WAF  returns a NextMarker value in the response. To retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       --limit (integer)
          The  maximum  number of objects that you want WAF to return for this
          request. If more objects are available, in the  response,  WAF  pro-
          vides  a  NextMarker  value that you can use in a subsequent call to
          get the next batch of objects.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber  of  objects  that are still available for retrieval exceeds the
          limit, WAF returns a NextMarker value in the response.  To  retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       Versions -> (list)
          The versions that are currently available for the specified  managed
          rule group.

          (structure)
              Describes a single version of a managed rule group.

              Name -> (string)
                 The version name.

              LastUpdateTimestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  and time that the managed rule group owner updated
                 the rule group version information.



                                  LIST-AVAILABLE-MANAGED-RULE-GROUP-VERSIONS()
