LIST-WEB-ACLS()                                                LIST-WEB-ACLS()



NAME
       list-web-acls -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  an array of  WebACLSummary objects for the web ACLs that you
       manage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-web-acls
          --scope <value>
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --next-marker (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber of objects that are still available for  retrieval  exceeds  the
          limit,  WAF  returns a NextMarker value in the response. To retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       --limit (integer)
          The  maximum  number of objects that you want WAF to return for this
          request. If more objects are available, in the  response,  WAF  pro-
          vides  a  NextMarker  value that you can use in a subsequent call to
          get the next batch of objects.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the web ACLs for a scope

       The following list-web-acls retrieves all web ACLs that are defined for
       the account for the specified scope.

          aws wafv2 list-web-acls \
              --scope REGIONAL

       Output:

          {
              "NextMarker":"Testt",
              "WebACLs":[
                  {
                      "ARN":"arn:aws:wafv2:us-west-2:123456789012:regional/webacl/Testt/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
                      "Description":"sssss",
                      "Name":"Testt",
                      "LockToken":"7f36cb30-74ef-4cff-8cd4-a77e1aba1746",
                      "Id":"a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Managing and Using a Web Access Control  List
       (Web ACL) in the AWS WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber  of  objects  that are still available for retrieval exceeds the
          limit, WAF returns a NextMarker value in the response.  To  retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       WebACLs -> (list)
          (structure)
              High-level information about a  WebACL , returned by  operations
              like  create  and  list.  This provides information like the ID,
              that you can use to retrieve and manage a WebACL , and the  ARN,
              that you provide to operations like  AssociateWebACL .

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name of the web ACL. You cannot change the name of a web
                 ACL after you create it.

              Id -> (string)
                 The unique identifier for the web ACL. This ID is returned in
                 the  responses to create and list commands. You provide it to
                 operations like update and delete.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the web ACL that helps with identification.

              LockToken -> (string)
                 A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a  token  to
                 your  get  and list requests, to mark the state of the entity
                 at the time of the request. To make changes to the entity as-
                 sociated  with the token, you provide the token to operations
                 like update and delete . WAF uses the token to ensure that no
                 changes have been made to the entity since you last retrieved
                 it. If a change has been made, the update fails with a WAFOp-
                 timisticLockException  . If this happens, perform another get
                 , and use the new token returned by that operation.

              ARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the entity.



                                                               LIST-WEB-ACLS()
