LIST-IP-SETS()                                                  LIST-IP-SETS()



NAME
       list-ip-sets -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  an  array  of  IPSetSummary objects for the IP sets that you
       manage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-ip-sets
          --scope <value>
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --scope (string)
          Specifies whether this is for an Amazon CloudFront  distribution  or
          for  a regional application. A regional application can be an Appli-
          cation Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST  API,  or  an
          AppSync GraphQL API.

          To  work  with  CloudFront, you must also specify the Region US East
          (N. Virginia) as follows:

          o CLI - Specify the  Region  when  you  use  the  CloudFront  scope:
            --scope=CLOUDFRONT --region=us-east-1 .

          o API and SDKs - For all calls, use the Region endpoint us-east-1.

          Possible values:

          o CLOUDFRONT

          o REGIONAL

       --next-marker (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber of objects that are still available for  retrieval  exceeds  the
          limit,  WAF  returns a NextMarker value in the response. To retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       --limit (integer)
          The  maximum  number of objects that you want WAF to return for this
          request. If more objects are available, in the  response,  WAF  pro-
          vides  a  NextMarker  value that you can use in a subsequent call to
          get the next batch of objects.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve a list of IP sets

       The following list-ip-sets retrieves all IP sets for the  account  that
       have regional scope.

          aws wafv2 list-ip-sets \
              --scope REGIONAL

       Output:

          {
              "IPSets":[
                  {
                      "ARN":"arn:aws:wafv2:us-west-2:123456789012:regional/ipset/testip/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111",
                      "Description":"",
                      "Name":"testip",
                      "LockToken":"0674c84b-0304-47fe-8728-c6bff46af8fc",
                      "Id":"a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111  "
                  }
              ],
              "NextMarker":"testip"
          }

       For  more  information,  see  IP Sets and Regex Pattern Sets in the AWS
       WAF, AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber  of  objects  that are still available for retrieval exceeds the
          limit, WAF returns a NextMarker value in the response.  To  retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       IPSets -> (list)
          Array of IPSets. This may not be the full list of  IPSets  that  you
          have defined. See the Limit specification for this request.

          (structure)
              High-level  information about an  IPSet , returned by operations
              like create and list. This provides  information  like  the  ID,
              that  you can use to retrieve and manage an IPSet , and the ARN,
              that you provide to the  IPSetReferenceStatement to use the  ad-
              dress set in a  Rule .

              Name -> (string)
                 The  name  of  the  IP  set. You cannot change the name of an
                 IPSet after you create it.

              Id -> (string)
                 A unique identifier for the set. This ID is returned  in  the
                 responses  to create and list commands. You provide it to op-
                 erations like update and delete.

              Description -> (string)
                 A description of the IP set that helps with identification.

              LockToken -> (string)
                 A token used for optimistic locking. WAF returns a  token  to
                 your  get  and list requests, to mark the state of the entity
                 at the time of the request. To make changes to the entity as-
                 sociated  with the token, you provide the token to operations
                 like update and delete . WAF uses the token to ensure that no
                 changes have been made to the entity since you last retrieved
                 it. If a change has been made, the update fails with a WAFOp-
                 timisticLockException  . If this happens, perform another get
                 , and use the new token returned by that operation.

              ARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the entity.



                                                                LIST-IP-SETS()
