LIST-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASES()                          LIST-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASES()



NAME
       list-mobile-sdk-releases -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a  list of the available releases for the mobile SDK and the
       specified device platform.

       The mobile SDK is not generally available. Customers who have access to
       the  mobile  SDK can use it to establish and manage Security Token Ser-
       vice (STS) security tokens for use in HTTP(S) requests  from  a  mobile
       device to WAF.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-mobile-sdk-releases
          --platform <value>
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --platform (string)
          The device platform to retrieve the list for.

          Possible values:

          o IOS

          o ANDROID

       --next-marker (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber of objects that are still available for  retrieval  exceeds  the
          limit,  WAF  returns a NextMarker value in the response. To retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.

       --limit (integer)
          The  maximum  number of objects that you want WAF to return for this
          request. If more objects are available, in the  response,  WAF  pro-
          vides  a  NextMarker  value that you can use in a subsequent call to
          get the next batch of objects.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ReleaseSummaries -> (list)
          High level information for the available SDK releases.

          (structure)
              High level information for an SDK release.

              ReleaseVersion -> (string)
                 The release version.

              Timestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The timestamp of the release.

       NextMarker -> (string)
          When you request a list of objects with a Limit setting, if the num-
          ber of objects that are still available for  retrieval  exceeds  the
          limit,  WAF  returns a NextMarker value in the response. To retrieve
          the next batch of objects, provide the marker from the prior call in
          your next request.



                                                    LIST-MOBILE-SDK-RELEASES()
