TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  tags  with the specified Amazon Web Services resource. Tags
       are key:value pairs that you can use to categorize and manage your  re-
       sources,  for purposes like billing. For example, you might set the tag
       key to "customer" and the value to the customer name  or  ID.  You  can
       specify  one  or more tags to add to each Amazon Web Services resource,
       up to 50 tags for a resource.

       You can tag the Amazon Web Services resources that you  manage  through
       WAF:  web ACLs, rule groups, IP sets, and regex pattern sets. You can't
       manage or view tags through the WAF console.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.

       --tags (list)
          An array of key:value pairs to associate with the resource.

          (structure)
              A tag associated with an Amazon Web Services resource. Tags  are
              key:value  pairs  that you can use to categorize and manage your
              resources, for purposes like billing or other management.  Typi-
              cally, the tag key represents a category, such as "environment",
              and the tag value represents a specific value within that  cate-
              gory,  such  as  "test,"  "development," or "production". Or you
              might set the tag key to "customer" and the value  to  the  cus-
              tomer  name  or  ID.  You can specify one or more tags to add to
              each Amazon Web Services resource, up to 50 tags for a resource.

              You can tag the Amazon Web Services resources  that  you  manage
              through  WAF:  web ACLs, rule groups, IP sets, and regex pattern
              sets. You can't manage or view tags through the WAF console.

              Key -> (string)
                 Part of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use  a
                 tag  key to describe a category of information, such as "cus-
                 tomer." Tag keys are case-sensitive.

              Value -> (string)
                 Part of the key:value pair that defines a tag. You can use  a
                 tag  value  to  describe  a specific value within a category,
                 such as "companyA" or "companyB." Tag values are  case-sensi-
                 tive.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add tags to an AWS WAF resource

       The  following  tag-resource  example adds a tag with a key of Name and
       value set to AWSWAF to the specified web ACL.

          aws wafv2 tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:wafv2:us-west-2:123456789012:regional/webacl/apiGatewayWebAcl/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --tags Key=Name,Value=AWSWAF

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Getting Started with AWS WAF in the AWS  WAF,
       AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
