UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  tags  from  an  Amazon  Web  Services resource. Tags are
       key:value pairs that you can associate with  Amazon  Web  Services  re-
       sources. For example, the tag key might be "customer" and the tag value
       might be "companyA." You can specify one or more tags to  add  to  each
       container.  You  can  add up to 50 tags to each Amazon Web Services re-
       source.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.

       --tag-keys (list)
          An array of keys identifying the tags to disassociate from  the  re-
          source.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To remove tags from an AWS WAF resource

       The  following untag-resource example removes the tag with the key Key-
       Name from the specified web ACL.

          aws wafv2 untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:wafv2:us-west-2:123456789012:regional/webacl/apiGatewayWebAcl/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --tag-keys "KeyName"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Getting Started with AWS WAF in the AWS  WAF,
       AWS Firewall Manager, and AWS Shield Advanced Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
