DELETE-STAGE()                                                  DELETE-STAGE()



NAME
       delete-stage -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a Stage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-stage
          --api-id <value>
          --stage-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --api-id (string)
          The API identifier.

       --stage-name (string)
          The  stage  name.  Stage names can only contain alphanumeric charac-
          ters, hyphens, and underscores. Maximum length is 128 characters.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a stage

       The following delete-stage example deletes the test stage of an API.

          aws apigatewayv2 delete-stage \
              --api-id a1b2c3d4 \
              --stage-name test

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with stages for HTTP APIs in the Ama-
       zon API Gateway Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-STAGE()
