GET-MODELS()                                                      GET-MODELS()



NAME
       get-models -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the Models for an API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-models  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: Items

SYNOPSIS
            get-models
          --api-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --api-id (string)
          The API identifier.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (string)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (string)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Items -> (list)
          The elements from this collection.

          (structure)
              Represents a data model for an API. Supported only for WebSocket
              APIs. See Create Models and Mapping Templates  for  Request  and
              Response Mappings .

              ContentType -> (string)
                 The  content-type  for  the  model,  for  example,  "applica-
                 tion/json".

              Description -> (string)
                 The description of the model.

              ModelId -> (string)
                 The model identifier.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the model. Must be alphanumeric.

              Schema -> (string)
                 The schema for the model. For application/json  models,  this
                 should be JSON schema draft 4 model.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The  next  page  of elements from this collection. Not valid for the
          last element of the collection.



                                                                  GET-MODELS()
