LIST-PROFILE-PERMISSIONS()                          LIST-PROFILE-PERMISSIONS()



NAME
       list-profile-permissions -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the cross-account permissions associated with a signing profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-profile-permissions
          --profile-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-name (string)
          Name  of  the  signing  profile containing the cross-account permis-
          sions.

       --next-token (string)
          String for specifying the next set of paginated results.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       revisionId -> (string)
          The identifier for the current revision of profile permissions.

       policySizeBytes -> (integer)
          Total  size  of  the  policy  associated with the Signing Profile in
          bytes.

       permissions -> (list)
          List of permissions associated with the Signing Profile.

          (structure)
              A cross-account permission for a signing profile.

              action -> (string)
                 An AWS Signer action permitted as part of cross-account  per-
                 missions.

              principal -> (string)
                 The  AWS principal that has been granted a cross-account per-
                 mission.

              statementId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier for a cross-account permission statement.

              profileVersion -> (string)
                 The signing profile version that a permission applies to.

       nextToken -> (string)
          String for specifying the next set of paginated results.



                                                    LIST-PROFILE-PERMISSIONS()
