REVOKE-SIGNING-PROFILE()                              REVOKE-SIGNING-PROFILE()



NAME
       revoke-signing-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes  the state of a signing profile to REVOKED. This indicates that
       signatures generated using the signing profile after an effective start
       date are no longer valid.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            revoke-signing-profile
          --profile-name <value>
          --profile-version <value>
          --reason <value>
          --effective-time <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --profile-name (string)
          The name of the signing profile to be revoked.

       --profile-version (string)
          The version of the signing profile to be revoked.

       --reason (string)
          The reason for revoking a signing profile.

       --effective-time (timestamp)
          A  timestamp  for when revocation of a Signing Profile should become
          effective. Signatures generated using the signing profile after this
          timestamp are not trusted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      REVOKE-SIGNING-PROFILE()
