DELETE-APP()                                                      DELETE-APP()



NAME
       delete-app -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified  application.  Optionally  deletes the launched
       stack associated with the application and all Server Migration  Service
       replication jobs for servers in the application.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-app
          [--app-id <value>]
          [--force-stop-app-replication | --no-force-stop-app-replication]
          [--force-terminate-app | --no-force-terminate-app]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --app-id (string)
          The ID of the application.

       --force-stop-app-replication  |  --no-force-stop-app-replication (bool-
       ean)
          Indicates whether to stop all replication jobs corresponding to  the
          servers in the application while deleting the application.

       --force-terminate-app | --no-force-terminate-app (boolean)
          Indicates whether to terminate the stack corresponding to the appli-
          cation while deleting the application.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  DELETE-APP()
