INFER-SNOMEDCT()                                              INFER-SNOMEDCT()



NAME
       infer-snomedct -

DESCRIPTION
       InferSNOMEDCT  detects  possible medical concepts as entities and links
       them to codes from the Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine,  Clinical
       Terms (SNOMED-CT) ontology

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            infer-snomedct
          --text <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --text (string)
          The  input  text to be analyzed using InferSNOMEDCT. The text should
          be a string with 1 to 10000 characters.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Entities -> (list)
          The collection of medical concept entities extracted from the  input
          text and their associated information. For each entity, the response
          provides the entity text, the entity category, where the entity text
          begins and ends, and the level of confidence that Comprehend Medical
          has in the detection and analysis. Attributes and traits of the  en-
          tity are also returned.

          (structure)
              The collection of medical entities extracted from the input text
              and their associated information. For each entity, the  response
              provides  the entity text, the entity category, where the entity
              text begins and ends, and the level of confidence  that  Compre-
              hend  Medical  has in the detection and analysis. Attributes and
              traits of the entity are also returned.

              Id -> (integer)
                 The numeric identifier for the entity. This  is  a  monotoni-
                 cally increasing id unique within this response rather than a
                 global unique identifier.

              Text -> (string)
                 The segment of input text extracted as this entity.

              Category -> (string)
                 The category of the detected entity. Possible categories  are
                 MEDICAL_CONDITION, ANATOMY, or TEST_TREATMENT_PROCEDURE.

              Type -> (string)
                 Describes  the specific type of entity with category of enti-
                 ties. Possible types include DX_NAME, ACUITY, DIRECTION, SYS-
                 TEM_ORGAN_SITE,   TEST_NAME,  TEST_VALUE,  TEST_UNIT,  PROCE-
                 DURE_NAME, or TREATMENT_NAME.

              Score -> (float)
                 The level of confidence that Comprehend Medical  has  in  the
                 accuracy of the detected entity.

              BeginOffset -> (integer)
                 The  0-based  character  offset  in the input text that shows
                 where the entity begins. The offset returns  the  UTF-8  code
                 point in the string.

              EndOffset -> (integer)
                 The  0-based  character  offset  in the input text that shows
                 where the entity ends. The  offset  returns  the  UTF-8  code
                 point in the string.

              Attributes -> (list)
                 An  extracted  segment of the text that is an attribute of an
                 entity, or otherwise related to an entity, such as the dosage
                 of a medication taken.

                 (structure)
                     The extracted attributes that relate to an entity. An ex-
                     tracted segment of the text that is an  attribute  of  an
                     entity,  or  otherwise  related to an entity, such as the
                     dosage of a medication taken.

                     Category -> (string)
                        The category of the detected attribute. Possible cate-
                        gories   include   MEDICAL_CONDITION,   ANATOMY,   and
                        TEST_TREATMENT_PROCEDURE.

                     Type -> (string)
                        The type of attribute. Possible types include DX_NAME,
                        ACUITY,     DIRECTION,    SYSTEM_ORGAN_SITE,TEST_NAME,
                        TEST_VALUE,  TEST_UNIT,  PROCEDURE_NAME,  and   TREAT-
                        MENT_NAME.

                     Score -> (float)
                        The  level  of  confidence that Comprehend Medical has
                        that the segment of text is correctly recognized as an
                        attribute.

                     RelationshipScore -> (float)
                        The  level  of  confidence that Comprehend Medical has
                        that this attribute is correctly related to  this  en-
                        tity.

                     RelationshipType -> (string)
                        The  type  of relationship that exists between the en-
                        tity and the related attribute.

                     Id -> (integer)
                        The numeric identifier for this attribute. This  is  a
                        monotonically  increasing  id  unique  within this re-
                        sponse rather than a global unique identifier.

                     BeginOffset -> (integer)
                        The 0-based character offset in the  input  text  that
                        shows  where  the attribute begins. The offset returns
                        the UTF-8 code point in the string.

                     EndOffset -> (integer)
                        The 0-based character offset in the  input  text  that
                        shows where the attribute ends. The offset returns the
                        UTF-8 code point in the string.

                     Text -> (string)
                        The segment of input text extracted as this attribute.

                     Traits -> (list)
                        Contextual information for an attribute. Examples  in-
                        clude signs, symptoms, diagnosis, and negation.

                        (structure)
                            Contextual information for an entity.

                            Name -> (string)
                               The  name  or  contextual  description of a de-
                               tected trait.

                            Score -> (float)
                               The level of confidence that Comprehend Medical
                               has in the accuracy of a detected trait.

                     SNOMEDCTConcepts -> (list)
                        The SNOMED-CT concepts specific to an attribute, along
                        with a score indicating the likelihood of the match.

                        (structure)
                            The SNOMED-CT concepts that the entity could refer
                            to,  along  with a score indicating the likelihood
                            of the match.

                            Description -> (string)
                               The description of the SNOMED-CT concept.

                            Code -> (string)
                               The numeric ID for the SNOMED-CT concept.

                            Score -> (float)
                               The level of confidence Comprehend Medical  has
                               that the entity should be linked to the identi-
                               fied SNOMED-CT concept.

              Traits -> (list)
                 Contextual information for the entity.

                 (structure)
                     Contextual information for an entity.

                     Name -> (string)
                        The name  or  contextual  description  of  a  detected
                        trait.

                     Score -> (float)
                        The level of confidence that Comprehend Medical has in
                        the accuracy of a detected trait.

              SNOMEDCTConcepts -> (list)
                 The SNOMED concepts that the entity  could  refer  to,  along
                 with a score indicating the likelihood of the match.

                 (structure)
                     The  SNOMED-CT  concepts  that the entity could refer to,
                     along with a  score  indicating  the  likelihood  of  the
                     match.

                     Description -> (string)
                        The description of the SNOMED-CT concept.

                     Code -> (string)
                        The numeric ID for the SNOMED-CT concept.

                     Score -> (float)
                        The  level  of  confidence Comprehend Medical has that
                        the  entity  should  be  linked  to   the   identified
                        SNOMED-CT concept.

       PaginationToken -> (string)
          If  the result of the request is truncated, the pagination token can
          be used to fetch the next page of entities.

       ModelVersion -> (string)
          The version of the model used to analyze the documents, in the  for-
          mat n.n.n You can use this information to track the model used for a
          particular batch of documents.

       SNOMEDCTDetails -> (structure)
          The details of the SNOMED-CT revision, including the  edition,  lan-
          guage, and version date.

          Edition -> (string)
              The  edition  of SNOMED-CT used. The edition used for the Infer-
              SNOMEDCT editions is the US edition.

          Language -> (string)
              The language used in the SNOMED-CT ontology. All Amazon  Compre-
              hend Medical operations are US English (en).

          VersionDate -> (string)
              The version date of the SNOMED-CT ontology used.

       Characters -> (structure)
          The number of characters in the input request documentation.

          OriginalTextCharacters -> (integer)
              The  number  of characters present in the input text document as
              processed by Comprehend Medical.



                                                              INFER-SNOMEDCT()
