STOP-PHI-DETECTION-JOB()                              STOP-PHI-DETECTION-JOB()



NAME
       stop-phi-detection-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops a protected health information (PHI) detection job in progress.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-phi-detection-job
          --job-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-id (string)
          The identifier of the PHI detection job to stop.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To stop a protected health information (PHI) detection job

       The following stop-phi-detection-job example stops an asynchronous pro-
       tected health information (PHI) detection job.

          aws comprehendmedical stop-phi-detection-job \
              --job-id "4750034166536cdb52ffa3295a1b00a3"

       Output:

          {
              "JobId": "ab9887877365fe70299089371c043b96"
          }

       For more information, see Batch APIs in the Amazon  Comprehend  Medical
       Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       JobId -> (string)
          The identifier of the PHI detection job that was stopped.



                                                      STOP-PHI-DETECTION-JOB()
