SEND-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()                                    SEND-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()



NAME
       send-ssh-public-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Pushes  an  SSH public key to the specified EC2 instance for use by the
       specified user. The key remains for 60 seconds. For  more  information,
       see  Connect  to  your Linux instance using EC2 Instance Connect in the
       Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-ssh-public-key
          --instance-id <value>
          --instance-os-user <value>
          --ssh-public-key <value>
          [--availability-zone <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the EC2 instance.

       --instance-os-user (string)
          The OS user on the EC2 instance for whom the key can be used to  au-
          thenticate.

       --ssh-public-key (string)
          The  public  key  material. To use the public key, you must have the
          matching private key.

       --availability-zone (string)
          The Availability Zone in which the EC2 instance was launched.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To send a an SSH public key to an instance

       The following send-ssh-public-key example sends the specified SSH  pub-
       lic  key to the specified instance. The key is used to authenticate the
       specified user.

          aws ec2-instance-connect send-ssh-public-key \
              --instance-id i-1234567890abcdef0 \
              --instance-os-user ec2-user \
              --availability-zone us-east-2b \
              --ssh-public-key file://path/my-rsa-key.pub

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The ID of the request. Please provide this ID  when  contacting  AWS
          Support for assistance.

       Success -> (boolean)
          Is true if the request succeeds and an error otherwise.



                                                         SEND-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()
