SEND-SERIAL-CONSOLE-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()      SEND-SERIAL-CONSOLE-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()



NAME
       send-serial-console-ssh-public-key -

DESCRIPTION
       Pushes an SSH public key to the specified EC2 instance. The key remains
       for 60 seconds, which gives you 60 seconds to establish a  serial  con-
       sole  connection  to  the instance using SSH. For more information, see
       EC2 Serial Console in the Amazon EC2 User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            send-serial-console-ssh-public-key
          --instance-id <value>
          [--serial-port <value>]
          --ssh-public-key <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the EC2 instance.

       --serial-port (integer)
          The serial port of the EC2 instance. Currently only port 0  is  sup-
          ported.

          Default: 0

       --ssh-public-key (string)
          The  public  key  material. To use the public key, you must have the
          matching private key. For information about the supported  key  for-
          mats  and  lengths, see Requirements for key pairs in the Amazon EC2
          User Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RequestId -> (string)
          The ID of the request. Please provide this ID  when  contacting  AWS
          Support for assistance.

       Success -> (boolean)
          Is true if the request succeeds and an error otherwise.



                                          SEND-SERIAL-CONSOLE-SSH-PUBLIC-KEY()
