ASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WITH-VOIASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WITH-VOICE-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  phone numbers with the specified Amazon Chime Voice Connec-
       tor.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          --e164-phone-numbers <value>
          [--force-associate | --no-force-associate]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --e164-phone-numbers (list)
          List of phone numbers, in E.164 format.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --force-associate | --no-force-associate (boolean)
          If true, associates the provided phone  numbers  with  the  provided
          Amazon Chime Voice Connector and removes any previously existing as-
          sociations. If false, does not associate any phone numbers that have
          previously existing associations.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate phone numbers with an Amazon Chime Voice Connector

       The following associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector example  as-
       sociates the specified phone numbers with an Amazon Chime Voice Connec-
       tor.

          aws chime associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4 \
              --e164-phone-numbers "+12065550100" "+12065550101"
              --force-associate

       Output:

          {
              "PhoneNumberErrors": []
          }

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberErrors -> (list)
          If  the action fails for one or more of the phone numbers in the re-
          quest, a list of the phone numbers is  returned,  along  with  error
          codes and error messages.

          (structure)
              If  the  phone  number action fails for one or more of the phone
              numbers in the request, a list of the phone numbers is returned,
              along with error codes and error messages.

              PhoneNumberId -> (string)
                 The phone number ID for which the action failed.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message.



                                ASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WITH-VOICE-CONNECTOR()
