ASSOCIATE-SIGNIN-DELEGATE-GROUPASSOCIATE-SIGNIN-DELEGATE-GROUPS-WITH-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       associate-signin-delegate-groups-with-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  the  specified  sign-in  delegate groups with the specified
       Amazon Chime account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-signin-delegate-groups-with-account
          --account-id <value>
          --signin-delegate-groups <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime account ID.

       --signin-delegate-groups (list)
          The sign-in delegate groups.

          (structure)
              An Active Directory (AD) group whose members are granted permis-
              sion to act as delegates.

              GroupName -> (string)
                 The group name.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          GroupName=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "GroupName": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate sign-in delegate groups

       The following associate-signin-delegate-groups-with-account example as-
       sociates the specified sign-in delegate group with the specified Amazon
       Chime account.

          aws chime associate-signin-delegate-groups-with-account \
              --account-id 12a3456b-7c89-012d-3456-78901e23fg45 \
              --signin-delegate-groups GroupName=my_users

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Managing User Access and Permissions in the
       Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                               ASSOCIATE-SIGNIN-DELEGATE-GROUPS-WITH-ACCOUNT()
