ASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WIASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WITH-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()



NAME
       associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  phone numbers with the specified Amazon Chime Voice Connec-
       tor group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector-group
          --voice-connector-group-id <value>
          --e164-phone-numbers <value>
          [--force-associate | --no-force-associate]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-group-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector group ID.

       --e164-phone-numbers (list)
          List of phone numbers, in E.164 format.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --force-associate | --no-force-associate (boolean)
          If true, associates the provided phone  numbers  with  the  provided
          Amazon Chime Voice Connector Group and removes any previously exist-
          ing associations. If false, does not  associate  any  phone  numbers
          that have previously existing associations.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate phone numbers with an Amazon Chime Voice Connector group

       The  following associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector-group exam-
       ple associates the specified phone numbers with an Amazon  Chime  Voice
       Connector group.

          aws chime associate-phone-numbers-with-voice-connector-group \
              --voice-connector-group-id 123a456b-c7d8-90e1-fg23-4h567jkl8901 \
              --e164-phone-numbers "+12065550100" "+12065550101" \
              --force-associate

       Output:

          {
              "PhoneNumberErrors": []
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connector
       groups in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberErrors -> (list)
          If the action fails for one or more of the phone numbers in the  re-
          quest,  a  list  of  the phone numbers is returned, along with error
          codes and error messages.

          (structure)
              If the phone number action fails for one or more  of  the  phone
              numbers in the request, a list of the phone numbers is returned,
              along with error codes and error messages.

              PhoneNumberId -> (string)
                 The phone number ID for which the action failed.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message.



                          ASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-WITH-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()
