BATCH-DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()                        BATCH-DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       batch-delete-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Moves  phone  numbers  into  the Deletion queue . Phone numbers must be
       disassociated from any users or Amazon Chime  Voice  Connectors  before
       they can be deleted.

       Phone  numbers  remain in the Deletion queue for 7 days before they are
       deleted permanently.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-delete-phone-number
          --phone-number-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number-ids (list)
          List of phone number IDs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete multiple phone numbers

       The following batch-delete-phone-number  example  deletes  all  of  the
       specified phone numbers.

          aws chime batch-delete-phone-number \
              --phone-number-ids "%2B12065550100" "%2B12065550101"

       This command produces no output.  Output:

          {
              "PhoneNumberErrors": []
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Working  with Phone Numbers in the Amazon
       Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberErrors -> (list)
          If the action fails for one or more of the phone numbers in the  re-
          quest,  a  list  of  the phone numbers is returned, along with error
          codes and error messages.

          (structure)
              If the phone number action fails for one or more  of  the  phone
              numbers in the request, a list of the phone numbers is returned,
              along with error codes and error messages.

              PhoneNumberId -> (string)
                 The phone number ID for which the action failed.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message.



                                                   BATCH-DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()
