CREATE-MEETING-DIAL-OUT()                            CREATE-MEETING-DIAL-OUT()



NAME
       create-meeting-dial-out -

DESCRIPTION
       Uses  the  join token and call metadata in a meeting request (From num-
       ber, To number, and so forth) to initiate an outbound call to a  public
       switched  telephone  network (PSTN) and join them into a Chime meeting.
       Also ensures that the From number belongs to the customer.

       To play welcome audio or implement an interactive voice response (IVR),
       use the CreateSipMediaApplicationCall action with the corresponding SIP
       media application ID.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-meeting-dial-out
          --meeting-id <value>
          --from-phone-number <value>
          --to-phone-number <value>
          --join-token <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --meeting-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime SDK meeting ID.

       --from-phone-number (string)
          Phone number used as the caller ID when the remote party receives  a
          call.

       --to-phone-number (string)
          Phone number called when inviting someone to a meeting.

       --join-token (string)
          Token used by the Amazon Chime SDK attendee. Call the CreateAttendee
          action to get a join token.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TransactionId -> (string)
          Unique ID that tracks API calls.



                                                     CREATE-MEETING-DIAL-OUT()
