DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()                                    DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       delete-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Moves the specified phone number into the Deletion queue . A phone num-
       ber must be disassociated from any users or Amazon Chime Voice  Connec-
       tors before it can be deleted.

       Deleted  phone  numbers  remain in the Deletion queue for 7 days before
       they are deleted permanently.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-phone-number
          --phone-number-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number-id (string)
          The phone number ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a phone number

       The following delete-phone-number example  moves  the  specified  phone
       number into the deletion queue.

          aws chime delete-phone-number \
              --phone-number-id "+12065550100"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Working  with Phone Numbers in the Amazon
       Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DELETE-PHONE-NUMBER()
