DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()      DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()



NAME
       delete-voice-connector-origination -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  origination settings for the specified Amazon Chime Voice
       Connector.

       NOTE:
          If emergency calling is configured for the Amazon Chime  Voice  Con-
          nector,  it  must  be deleted prior to deleting the origination set-
          tings.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-voice-connector-origination
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete origination settings

       The following delete-voice-connector-origination  example  deletes  the
       origination  host, port, protocol, priority, and weight from the speci-
       fied Amazon Chime Voice Connector.

          aws chime delete-voice-connector-origination \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()
