DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR()                              DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       delete-voice-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified Amazon Chime Voice Connector. Any phone numbers
       associated with the Amazon Chime Voice Connector must be  disassociated
       from it before it can be deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-voice-connector
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an Amazon Chime Voice Connector

       The following delete-voice-connector example doesthis

          aws chime delete-voice-connector \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR()
