DELETE-ACCOUNT()                                              DELETE-ACCOUNT()



NAME
       delete-account -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified Amazon Chime account. You must suspend all users
       before deleting Team account. You can use the  BatchSuspendUser  action
       to dodo.

       For  EnterpriseLWA  and  EnterpriseAD  accounts,  you  must release the
       claimed domains for your Amazon Chime account before deletion. As  soon
       as you release the domain, all users under that account are suspended.

       Deleted  accounts appear in your Disabled accounts list for 90 days. To
       restore deleted account from your Disabled accounts list, you must con-
       tact AWS Support.

       After  90 days, deleted accounts are permanently removed from your Dis-
       abled accounts list.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-account
          --account-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --account-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime account ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete an account

       The following delete-account example deletes the specified account.

          aws chime delete-account --account-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-11111EXAMPLE

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting Your Account in the Amazon Chime Ad-
       ministration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              DELETE-ACCOUNT()
