DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()                  DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-voice-connector-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified Amazon Chime Voice Connector group. Any VoiceCon-
       nectorItems and phone numbers associated with the group must be removed
       before it can be deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-voice-connector-group
          --voice-connector-group-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-group-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector group ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       title

       The  following  delete-voice-connector-group example deletes the speci-
       fied Amazon Chime Voice Connector group.

          aws chime delete-voice-connector-group \
              --voice-connector-group-id 123a456b-c7d8-90e1-fg23-4h567jkl8901

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with  Amazon  Chime  Voice  Connector
       Groups in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                DELETE-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()
