DISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-FRDISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-FROM-VOICE-CONNECTOR()



NAME
       disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the  specified  phone  numbers from the specified Amazon
       Chime Voice Connector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          --e164-phone-numbers <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --e164-phone-numbers (list)
          List of phone numbers, in E.164 format.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disassociate phone numbers from an Amazon Chime Voice Connector

       The  following  disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector example
       disassociates the specified phone numbers from an  Amazon  Chime  Voice
       Connector.

          aws chime disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4 \
              --e164-phone-numbers "+12065550100" "+12065550101"

       Output:

          {
              "PhoneNumberErrors": []
          }

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberErrors -> (list)
          If the action fails for one or more of the phone numbers in the  re-
          quest,  a  list  of  the phone numbers is returned, along with error
          codes and error messages.

          (structure)
              If the phone number action fails for one or more  of  the  phone
              numbers in the request, a list of the phone numbers is returned,
              along with error codes and error messages.

              PhoneNumberId -> (string)
                 The phone number ID for which the action failed.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message.



                             DISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-FROM-VOICE-CONNECTOR()
