DISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBDISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-FROM-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()



NAME
       disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates  the  specified  phone  numbers from the specified Amazon
       Chime Voice Connector group.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector-group
          --voice-connector-group-id <value>
          --e164-phone-numbers <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-group-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector group ID.

       --e164-phone-numbers (list)
          List of phone numbers, in E.164 format.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disassociate phone numbers from  an  Amazon  Chime  Voice  Connector
       group

       The following disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector-group ex-
       ample disassociates the specified phone numbers from  an  Amazon  Chime
       Voice Connector group.

          aws chime disassociate-phone-numbers-from-voice-connector-group \
              --voice-connector-group-id 123a456b-c7d8-90e1-fg23-4h567jkl8901 \
              --e164-phone-numbers "+12065550100" "+12065550101"

       Output:

          {
              "PhoneNumberErrors": []
          }

       For  more  information,  see  Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connector
       Groups in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberErrors -> (list)
          If the action fails for one or more of the phone numbers in the  re-
          quest,  a  list  of  the phone numbers is returned, along with error
          codes and error messages.

          (structure)
              If the phone number action fails for one or more  of  the  phone
              numbers in the request, a list of the phone numbers is returned,
              along with error codes and error messages.

              PhoneNumberId -> (string)
                 The phone number ID for which the action failed.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The error code.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 The error message.



                       DISASSOCIATE-PHONE-NUMBERS-FROM-VOICE-CONNECTOR-GROUP()
