GET-GLOBAL-SETTINGS()                                    GET-GLOBAL-SETTINGS()



NAME
       get-global-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  global settings for the administrator's AWS account, such as
       Amazon Chime Business Calling and Amazon  Chime  Voice  Connector  set-
       tings.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-global-settings
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get global settings

       The following get-global-settings example retrieves the S3 bucket names
       used to store call detail records for Amazon Chime Business Calling and
       Amazon  Chime  Voice Connectors associated with the administrator's AWS
       account.

          aws chime get-global-settings

       Output:

          {
              "BusinessCalling": {
                  "CdrBucket": "s3bucket"
              },
              "VoiceConnector": {
                  "CdrBucket": "s3bucket"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Managing Global Settings in the Amazon  Chime
       Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       BusinessCalling -> (structure)
          The Amazon Chime Business Calling settings.

          CdrBucket -> (string)
              The Amazon S3 bucket designated for call detail record storage.

       VoiceConnector -> (structure)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector settings.

          CdrBucket -> (string)
              The Amazon S3 bucket designated for call detail record storage.



                                                         GET-GLOBAL-SETTINGS()
