GET-SIP-MEDIA-APPLICATION()                        GET-SIP-MEDIA-APPLICATION()



NAME
       get-sip-media-application -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the information for a SIP media application, including name,
       AWS Region, and endpoints.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-sip-media-application
          --sip-media-application-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --sip-media-application-id (string)
          The SIP media application ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       SipMediaApplication -> (structure)
          The SIP media application details.

          SipMediaApplicationId -> (string)
              The SIP media application ID.

          AwsRegion -> (string)
              The AWS Region in which the SIP media application is created.

          Name -> (string)
              The name of the SIP media application.

          Endpoints -> (list)
              List of endpoints for SIP media application. Currently, only one
              endpoint per SIP media application is permitted.

              (structure)
                 The endpoint assigned to the SIP media application.

                 LambdaArn -> (string)
                     Valid  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lambda function.
                     The function must be created in the same  AWS  Region  as
                     the SIP media application.

          CreatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The  SIP  media application creation timestamp, in ISO 8601 for-
              mat.

          UpdatedTimestamp -> (timestamp)
              The SIP media application updated timestamp, in ISO 8601 format.



                                                   GET-SIP-MEDIA-APPLICATION()
