GET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()            GET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()



NAME
       get-voice-connector-origination -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  origination  setting  details for the specified Amazon Chime
       Voice Connector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-voice-connector-origination
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve origination settings

       The  following  get-voice-connector-origination  example  retrieves the
       origination host, port, protocol, priority, and weight for  the  speci-
       fied Amazon Chime Voice Connector.

          aws chime get-voice-connector-origination \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4

       Output:

          {
              "Origination": {
                  "Routes": [
                      {
                          "Host": "10.24.34.0",
                          "Port": 1234,
                          "Protocol": "TCP",
                          "Priority": 1,
                          "Weight": 5
                      }
                  ],
                  "Disabled": false
              }
          }

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       Origination -> (structure)
          The origination setting details.

          Routes -> (list)
              The call distribution properties defined  for  your  SIP  hosts.
              Valid  range:  Minimum value of 1. Maximum value of 20. This pa-
              rameter is not required, but you must specify this parameter  or
              Disabled .

              (structure)
                 Origination  routes  define  call distribution properties for
                 your SIP hosts to receive inbound  calls  using  your  Amazon
                 Chime Voice Connector. Limit: Ten origination routes for each
                 Amazon Chime Voice Connector.

                 NOTE:
                     The parameters listed below are  not  required,  but  you
                     must use at least one.

                 Host -> (string)
                     The  FQDN  or IP address to contact for origination traf-
                     fic.

                 Port -> (integer)
                     The designated origination route port. Defaults to 5060.

                 Protocol -> (string)
                     The protocol to use for the  origination  route.  Encryp-
                     tion-enabled Amazon Chime Voice Connectors use TCP proto-
                     col by default.

                 Priority -> (integer)
                     The priority associated with the host, with 1  being  the
                     highest  priority.  Higher  priority  hosts are attempted
                     first.

                 Weight -> (integer)
                     The weight associated with the host. If hosts  are  equal
                     in  priority, calls are redistributed among them based on
                     their relative weight.

          Disabled -> (boolean)
              When origination settings are disabled, inbound  calls  are  not
              enabled for your Amazon Chime Voice Connector. This parameter is
              not required, but you must specify this parameter or Routes .



                                             GET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-ORIGINATION()
