GET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-STREAMING-CONGET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-STREAMING-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       get-voice-connector-streaming-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  the streaming configuration details for the specified Amazon
       Chime Voice Connector. Shows whether media  streaming  is  enabled  for
       sending  to  Amazon  Kinesis.  It  also  shows the retention period, in
       hours, for the Amazon Kinesis data.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-voice-connector-streaming-configuration
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get streaming configuration details

       The following get-voice-connector-streaming-configuration example  gets
       the  streaming  configuration  details  for  the specified Amazon Chime
       Voice Connector.

          aws chime get-voice-connector-streaming-configuration \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4

       Output:

          {
              "StreamingConfiguration": {
                  "DataRetentionInHours": 24,
                  "Disabled": false
              }
          }

       For more information, see Streaming Amazon Chime Voice  Connector  Data
       to Kinesis in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       StreamingConfiguration -> (structure)
          The streaming configuration details.

          DataRetentionInHours -> (integer)
              The retention period, in hours, for the Amazon Kinesis data.

          Disabled -> (boolean)
              When true, media streaming to Amazon Kinesis is turned off.

          StreamingNotificationTargets -> (list)
              The streaming notification targets.

              (structure)
                 The  targeted recipient for a streaming configuration notifi-
                 cation.

                 NotificationTarget -> (string)
                     The streaming notification target.



                                 GET-VOICE-CONNECTOR-STREAMING-CONFIGURATION()
