PUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-LOGGING-CONFIGUPUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-LOGGING-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-voice-connector-logging-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a logging configuration for the specified Amazon Chime Voice Con-
       nector. The logging configuration specifies whether  SIP  message  logs
       are enabled for sending to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-voice-connector-logging-configuration
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          --logging-configuration <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --logging-configuration (structure)
          The logging configuration details to add.

          EnableSIPLogs -> (boolean)
              When true, enables SIP message logs for sending to Amazon Cloud-
              Watch Logs.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          EnableSIPLogs=boolean

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "EnableSIPLogs": true|false
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a logging configuration for an Amazon Chime Voice Connector

       The following put-voice-connector-logging-configuration  example  turns
       on  the  SIP logging configuration for the specified Amazon Chime Voice
       Connector.

          aws chime put-voice-connector-logging-configuration \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4 \
              --logging-configuration EnableSIPLogs=true

       Output:

          {
              "LoggingConfiguration": {
                  "EnableSIPLogs": true
              }
          }

       For more information, see Streaming Amazon Chime Voice Connector  Media
       to Kinesis in the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       LoggingConfiguration -> (structure)
          The updated logging configuration details.

          EnableSIPLogs -> (boolean)
              When true, enables SIP message logs for sending to Amazon Cloud-
              Watch Logs.



                                   PUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-LOGGING-CONFIGURATION()
