PUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-TERMINATION-CPUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-TERMINATION-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       put-voice-connector-termination-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  termination  SIP credentials for the specified Amazon Chime Voice
       Connector.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-voice-connector-termination-credentials
          --voice-connector-id <value>
          [--credentials <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --voice-connector-id (string)
          The Amazon Chime Voice Connector ID.

       --credentials (list)
          The termination SIP credentials.

          (structure)
              The SIP credentials used to authenticate requests to your Amazon
              Chime Voice Connector.

              Username -> (string)
                 The  RFC2617 compliant user name associated with the SIP cre-
                 dentials, in US-ASCII format.

              Password -> (string)
                 The RFC2617 compliant password associated with the  SIP  cre-
                 dentials, in US-ASCII format.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Username=string,Password=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Username": "string",
              "Password": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set up termination credentials

       The  following put-voice-connector-termination-credentials example sets
       termination credentials for the specified Amazon Chime Voice Connector.

          aws chime put-voice-connector-termination-credentials \
              --voice-connector-id abcdef1ghij2klmno3pqr4 \
              --credentials Username="jdoe",Password="XXXXXXXX"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Working with Amazon Chime Voice Connectors in
       the Amazon Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                 PUT-VOICE-CONNECTOR-TERMINATION-CREDENTIALS()
