UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER-SETTINGS()                  UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER-SETTINGS()



NAME
       update-phone-number-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the phone number settings for the administrator's AWS account,
       such as the default outbound calling name. You can update  the  default
       outbound calling name once every seven days. Outbound calling names can
       take up to 72 hours to update.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-phone-number-settings
          --calling-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --calling-name (string)
          The default outbound calling name for the account.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update an outbound calling name

       The following update-phone-number-settings example updates the  default
       outbound calling name for the administrator's AWS account.

          aws chime update-phone-number-settings \
              --calling-name "myName"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see  Working  with Phone Numbers in the Amazon
       Chime Administration Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER-SETTINGS()
