DEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()                            DEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()



NAME
       deprecate-workflow-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecates the specified workflow type . After a workflow type has been
       deprecated, you cannot create new executions of that  type.  Executions
       that  were  started  before the type was deprecated continues to run. A
       deprecated workflow type may still be used when calling visibility  ac-
       tions.

       NOTE:
              This  operation  is  eventually consistent. The results are best
              effort and may not exactly reflect recent updates and changes.

          Access Control

       You can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon  SWF
       resources as follows:

       o Use  a  Resource  element with the domain name to limit the action to
         only specified domains.

       o Use an Action element to allow or deny permission to  call  this  ac-
         tion.

       o Constrain  the following parameters by using a Condition element with
         the appropriate keys.

         o workflowType.name : String constraint.  The  key  is  swf:workflow-
           Type.name .

         o workflowType.version  : String constraint. The key is swf:workflow-
           Type.version .

       If the caller doesn't have sufficient permissions to invoke the action,
       or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the ac-
       tion fails. The associated event attribute's cause parameter is set  to
       OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED  .  For  details  and example IAM policies, see
       Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows in  the  Amazon  SWF
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprecate-workflow-type
          --domain <value>
          --workflow-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain in which the workflow type is registered.

       --workflow-type (structure)
          The workflow type to deprecate.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the workflow type.

              NOTE:
                 The  combination  of  workflow  type name and version must be
                 unique with in a domain.

          version -> (string)
              The version of the workflow type.

              NOTE:
                 The combination of workflow type name  and  version  must  be
                 unique with in a domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,version=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "string",
            "version": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()
