DEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()                            DEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()



NAME
       deprecate-activity-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecates  the  specified  activity  type . After an activity type has
       been deprecated, you cannot create new tasks  of  that  activity  type.
       Tasks  of  this type that were scheduled before the type was deprecated
       continue to run.

       NOTE:
              This operation is eventually consistent. The  results  are  best
              effort and may not exactly reflect recent updates and changes.

          Access Control

       You  can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon SWF
       resources as follows:

       o Use a Resource element with the domain name to limit  the  action  to
         only specified domains.

       o Use  an  Action  element to allow or deny permission to call this ac-
         tion.

       o Constrain the following parameters by using a Condition element  with
         the appropriate keys.

         o activityType.name  :  String  constraint.  The key is swf:activity-
           Type.name .

         o activityType.version : String constraint. The key is  swf:activity-
           Type.version .

       If the caller doesn't have sufficient permissions to invoke the action,
       or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the ac-
       tion  fails. The associated event attribute's cause parameter is set to
       OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED . For details and  example  IAM  policies,  see
       Using  IAM  to  Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows in the Amazon SWF
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprecate-activity-type
          --domain <value>
          --activity-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain in which the activity type is registered.

       --activity-type (structure)
          The activity type to deprecate.

          name -> (string)
              The name of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The combination of activity type name  and  version  must  be
                 unique within a domain.

          version -> (string)
              The version of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The  combination  of  activity  type name and version must be
                 unique with in a domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,version=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "string",
            "version": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()
