POLL-FOR-ACTIVITY-TASK()                              POLL-FOR-ACTIVITY-TASK()



NAME
       poll-for-activity-task -

DESCRIPTION
       Used  by  workers  to  get an  ActivityTask from the specified activity
       taskList . This initiates a long poll, where the service holds the HTTP
       connection  open  and responds as soon as a task becomes available. The
       maximum time the service holds on to the request before  responding  is
       60 seconds. If no task is available within 60 seconds, the poll returns
       an empty result. An empty result, in this context, means that an Activ-
       ityTask  is  returned,  but  that  the  value  of taskToken is an empty
       string. If a task is returned, the worker should use its type to  iden-
       tify and process it correctly.

       WARNING:
              Workers  should set their client side socket timeout to at least
              70 seconds (10 seconds higher than the maximum time service  may
              hold the poll request).

          Access Control

       You  can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon SWF
       resources as follows:

       o Use a Resource element with the domain name to limit  the  action  to
         only specified domains.

       o Use  an  Action  element to allow or deny permission to call this ac-
         tion.

       o Constrain the taskList.name parameter by using  a  Condition  element
         with  the  swf:taskList.name  key  to allow the action to access only
         certain task lists.

       If the caller doesn't have sufficient permissions to invoke the action,
       or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the ac-
       tion fails. The associated event attribute's cause parameter is set  to
       OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED  .  For  details  and example IAM policies, see
       Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows in  the  Amazon  SWF
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            poll-for-activity-task
          --domain <value>
          --task-list <value>
          [--identity <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain that contains the task lists being polled.

       --task-list (structure)
          Specifies the task list to poll for activity tasks.

          The  specified string must not start or end with whitespace. It must
          not contain a : (colon), / (slash), | (vertical bar), or any control
          characters  (\u0000-\u001f  |  \u007f-\u009f ). Also, it must not be
          the literal string arn .

          name -> (string)
              The name of the task list.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "string"
          }

       --identity (string)
          Identity of the worker making the request, recorded in the Activity-
          TaskStarted  event  in the workflow history. This enables diagnostic
          tracing when problems arise. The form of this identity is  user  de-
          fined.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       taskToken -> (string)
          The  opaque  string used as a handle on the task. This token is used
          by workers to communicate progress and response information back  to
          the system about the task.

       activityId -> (string)
          The unique ID of the task.

       startedEventId -> (long)
          The ID of the ActivityTaskStarted event recorded in the history.

       workflowExecution -> (structure)
          The workflow execution that started this activity task.

          workflowId -> (string)
              The  user defined identifier associated with the workflow execu-
              tion.

          runId -> (string)
              A system-generated unique identifier for the workflow execution.

       activityType -> (structure)
          The type of this activity task.

          name -> (string)
              The name of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The combination of activity type name  and  version  must  be
                 unique within a domain.

          version -> (string)
              The version of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The  combination  of  activity  type name and version must be
                 unique with in a domain.

       input -> (string)
          The inputs provided when the activity task was scheduled.  The  form
          of  the input is user defined and should be meaningful to the activ-
          ity implementation.



                                                      POLL-FOR-ACTIVITY-TASK()
