UNDEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()                        UNDEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()



NAME
       undeprecate-activity-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Undeprecates  a previously deprecated activity type . After an activity
       type has been undeprecated, you can create new tasks of  that  activity
       type.

       NOTE:
              This  operation  is  eventually consistent. The results are best
              effort and may not exactly reflect recent updates and changes.

          Access Control

       You can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon  SWF
       resources as follows:

       o Use  a  Resource  element with the domain name to limit the action to
         only specified domains.

       o Use an Action element to allow or deny permission to  call  this  ac-
         tion.

       o Constrain  the following parameters by using a Condition element with
         the appropriate keys.

         o activityType.name : String constraint.  The  key  is  swf:activity-
           Type.name .

         o activityType.version  : String constraint. The key is swf:activity-
           Type.version .

       If the caller doesn't have sufficient permissions to invoke the action,
       or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the ac-
       tion fails. The associated event attribute's cause parameter is set  to
       OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED  .  For  details  and example IAM policies, see
       Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows in  the  Amazon  SWF
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            undeprecate-activity-type
          --domain <value>
          --activity-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain of the deprecated activity type.

       --activity-type (structure)
          The activity type to undeprecate.

          name -> (string)
              The name of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The  combination  of  activity  type name and version must be
                 unique within a domain.

          version -> (string)
              The version of this activity.

              NOTE:
                 The combination of activity type name  and  version  must  be
                 unique with in a domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,version=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "string",
            "version": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UNDEPRECATE-ACTIVITY-TYPE()
