UNDEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()                        UNDEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()



NAME
       undeprecate-workflow-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Undeprecates  a  previously deprecated workflow type . After a workflow
       type has been undeprecated, you can create new executions of that type.

       NOTE:
              This operation is eventually consistent. The  results  are  best
              effort and may not exactly reflect recent updates and changes.

          Access Control

       You  can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon SWF
       resources as follows:

       o Use a Resource element with the domain name to limit  the  action  to
         only specified domains.

       o Use  an  Action  element to allow or deny permission to call this ac-
         tion.

       o Constrain the following parameters by using a Condition element  with
         the appropriate keys.

         o workflowType.name  :  String  constraint.  The key is swf:workflow-
           Type.name .

         o workflowType.version : String constraint. The key is  swf:workflow-
           Type.version .

       If the caller doesn't have sufficient permissions to invoke the action,
       or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the ac-
       tion  fails. The associated event attribute's cause parameter is set to
       OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED . For details and  example  IAM  policies,  see
       Using  IAM  to  Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows in the Amazon SWF
       Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            undeprecate-workflow-type
          --domain <value>
          --workflow-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --domain (string)
          The name of the domain of the deprecated workflow type.

       --workflow-type (structure)
          The name of the domain of the deprecated workflow type.

          name -> (string)
              The name of the workflow type.

              NOTE:
                 The combination of workflow type name  and  version  must  be
                 unique with in a domain.

          version -> (string)
              The version of the workflow type.

              NOTE:
                 The  combination  of  workflow  type name and version must be
                 unique with in a domain.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          name=string,version=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "name": "string",
            "version": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UNDEPRECATE-WORKFLOW-TYPE()
