APPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-LOAD-BALANCERAPPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       apply-security-groups-to-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Associates  one  or  more  security groups with your load balancer in a
       virtual private cloud (VPC). The specified security groups override the
       previously associated security groups.

       For  more  information, see Security Groups for Load Balancers in a VPC
       in the Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            apply-security-groups-to-load-balancer
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --security-groups <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --security-groups (list)
          The IDs of the security groups to associate with the load  balancer.
          Note that you cannot specify the name of the security group.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To associate a security group with a load balancer in a VPC

       This  example  associates a security group with the specified load bal-
       ancer in a VPC.

       Command:

          aws elb apply-security-groups-to-load-balancer --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --security-groups sg-fc448899

       Output:

          {
            "SecurityGroups": [
                "sg-fc448899"
            ]
          }

OUTPUT
       SecurityGroups -> (list)
          The IDs of the security groups associated with the load balancer.

          (string)



                                      APPLY-SECURITY-GROUPS-TO-LOAD-BALANCER()
