ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TO-SUBNETS()            ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TO-SUBNETS()



NAME
       attach-load-balancer-to-subnets -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds one or more subnets to the set of configured subnets for the spec-
       ified load balancer.

       The load balancer evenly distributes  requests  across  all  registered
       subnets.  For more information, see Add or Remove Subnets for Your Load
       Balancer in a VPC in the Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-load-balancer-to-subnets
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --subnets <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --subnets (list)
          The IDs of the subnets to add. You  can  add  only  one  subnet  per
          Availability Zone.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach subnets to a load balancer

       This example adds the specified subnet to the set of configured subnets
       for the specified load balancer.

       Command:

          aws elb attach-load-balancer-to-subnets --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --subnets subnet-0ecac448

       Output:

          {
             "Subnets": [
                 "subnet-15aaab61",
                 "subnet-0ecac448"
             ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Subnets -> (list)
          The IDs of the subnets attached to the load balancer.

          (string)



                                             ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TO-SUBNETS()
