CONFIGURE-HEALTH-CHECK()                              CONFIGURE-HEALTH-CHECK()



NAME
       configure-health-check -

DESCRIPTION
       Specifies  the  health check settings to use when evaluating the health
       state of your EC2 instances.

       For more information, see Configure Health Checks for  Your  Load  Bal-
       ancer in the Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            configure-health-check
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --health-check <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --health-check (structure)
          The configuration information.

          Target -> (string)
              The  instance  being  checked. The protocol is either TCP, HTTP,
              HTTPS, or SSL. The range of  valid  ports  is  one  (1)  through
              65535.

              TCP  is  the default, specified as a TCP: port pair, for example
              "TCP:5000". In this case, a health check simply attempts to open
              a  TCP connection to the instance on the specified port. Failure
              to connect within  the  configured  timeout  is  considered  un-
              healthy.

              SSL is also specified as SSL: port pair, for example, SSL:5000.

              For HTTP/HTTPS, you must include a ping path in the string. HTTP
              is specified as a HTTP:port;/;PathToPing; grouping, for  example
              "HTTP:80/weather/us/wa/seattle".  In  this  case, a HTTP GET re-
              quest is issued to the instance on the given port and path.  Any
              answer  other than "200 OK" within the timeout period is consid-
              ered unhealthy.

              The total length of the HTTP ping target  must  be  1024  16-bit
              Unicode characters or less.

          Interval -> (integer)
              The  approximate  interval, in seconds, between health checks of
              an individual instance.

          Timeout -> (integer)
              The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a
              failed health check.

              This value must be less than the Interval value.

          UnhealthyThreshold -> (integer)
              The  number of consecutive health check failures required before
              moving the instance to the Unhealthy state.

          HealthyThreshold -> (integer)
              The number of consecutive health checks successes  required  be-
              fore moving the instance to the Healthy state.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Target=string,Interval=integer,Timeout=integer,UnhealthyThreshold=integer,HealthyThreshold=integer

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Target": "string",
            "Interval": integer,
            "Timeout": integer,
            "UnhealthyThreshold": integer,
            "HealthyThreshold": integer
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To specify the health check settings for your backend EC2 instances

       This  example  specifies the health check settings used to evaluate the
       health of your backend EC2 instances.

       Command:

          aws elb configure-health-check --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --health-check Target=HTTP:80/png,Interval=30,UnhealthyThreshold=2,HealthyThreshold=2,Timeout=3

       Output:

          {
             "HealthCheck": {
                 "HealthyThreshold": 2,
                 "Interval": 30,
                 "Target": "HTTP:80/png",
                 "Timeout": 3,
                 "UnhealthyThreshold": 2
             }
          }

OUTPUT
       HealthCheck -> (structure)
          The updated health check.

          Target -> (string)
              The instance being checked. The protocol is  either  TCP,  HTTP,
              HTTPS,  or  SSL.  The  range  of  valid ports is one (1) through
              65535.

              TCP is the default, specified as a TCP: port pair,  for  example
              "TCP:5000". In this case, a health check simply attempts to open
              a TCP connection to the instance on the specified port.  Failure
              to  connect  within  the  configured  timeout  is considered un-
              healthy.

              SSL is also specified as SSL: port pair, for example, SSL:5000.

              For HTTP/HTTPS, you must include a ping path in the string. HTTP
              is  specified as a HTTP:port;/;PathToPing; grouping, for example
              "HTTP:80/weather/us/wa/seattle". In this case, a  HTTP  GET  re-
              quest  is issued to the instance on the given port and path. Any
              answer other than "200 OK" within the timeout period is  consid-
              ered unhealthy.

              The  total  length  of  the HTTP ping target must be 1024 16-bit
              Unicode characters or less.

          Interval -> (integer)
              The approximate interval, in seconds, between health  checks  of
              an individual instance.

          Timeout -> (integer)
              The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a
              failed health check.

              This value must be less than the Interval value.

          UnhealthyThreshold -> (integer)
              The number of consecutive health check failures required  before
              moving the instance to the Unhealthy state.

          HealthyThreshold -> (integer)
              The  number  of consecutive health checks successes required be-
              fore moving the instance to the Healthy state.



                                                      CONFIGURE-HEALTH-CHECK()
