CREATE-APP-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()    CREATE-APP-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()



NAME
       create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates a stickiness policy with sticky session lifetimes that follow
       that of an application-generated cookie. This policy can be  associated
       only with HTTP/HTTPS listeners.

       This  policy is similar to the policy created by  CreateLBCookieSticki-
       nessPolicy , except that the lifetime of the special Elastic Load  Bal-
       ancing  cookie, AWSELB , follows the lifetime of the application-gener-
       ated cookie specified in the policy configuration.  The  load  balancer
       only  inserts a new stickiness cookie when the application response in-
       cludes a new application cookie.

       If the application cookie is explicitly removed or expires, the session
       stops being sticky until a new application cookie is issued.

       For  more information, see Application-Controlled Session Stickiness in
       the Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          --cookie-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name of the policy being created. Policy names must  consist  of
          alphanumeric  characters  and  dashes  (-). This name must be unique
          within the set of policies for this load balancer.

       --cookie-name (string)
          The name of the application cookie used for stickiness.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To generate a stickiness policy for your HTTPS load balancer

       This example generates a stickiness policy that follows the sticky ses-
       sion lifetimes of the application-generated cookie.

       Command:

          aws elb create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --policy-name my-app-cookie-policy --cookie-name my-app-cookie

OUTPUT
       None



                                         CREATE-APP-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()
