CREATE-LB-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()      CREATE-LB-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()



NAME
       create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Generates  a stickiness policy with sticky session lifetimes controlled
       by the lifetime of the browser (user-agent) or a  specified  expiration
       period. This policy can be associated only with HTTP/HTTPS listeners.

       When  a  load balancer implements this policy, the load balancer uses a
       special cookie to track the instance for each request.  When  the  load
       balancer  receives  a request, it first checks to see if this cookie is
       present in the request. If so, the load balancer sends the  request  to
       the  application  server specified in the cookie. If not, the load bal-
       ancer sends the request to a server that is chosen based on the  exist-
       ing load-balancing algorithm.

       A  cookie is inserted into the response for binding subsequent requests
       from the same user to that server. The validity of the cookie is  based
       on the cookie expiration time, which is specified in the policy config-
       uration.

       For more information, see  Duration-Based  Session  Stickiness  in  the
       Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cookie-expiration-period <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --policy-name (string)
          The  name  of the policy being created. Policy names must consist of
          alphanumeric characters and dashes (-). This  name  must  be  unique
          within the set of policies for this load balancer.

       --cookie-expiration-period (long)
          The  time  period, in seconds, after which the cookie should be con-
          sidered stale. If you do not specify  this  parameter,  the  default
          value  is 0, which indicates that the sticky session should last for
          the duration of the browser session.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To generate a duration-based stickiness policy for your HTTPS load bal-
       ancer

       This  example  generates  a stickiness policy with sticky session life-
       times controlled by the specified expiration period.

       Command:

          aws elb create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --policy-name my-duration-cookie-policy --cookie-expiration-period 60

OUTPUT
       None



                                          CREATE-LB-COOKIE-STICKINESS-POLICY()
