DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()                                  DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       delete-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified load balancer.

       If you are attempting to recreate a load balancer, you must reconfigure
       all settings. The DNS name associated with a deleted load balancer  are
       no  longer  usable.  The  name and associated DNS record of the deleted
       load balancer no longer exist and traffic sent to any  of  its  IP  ad-
       dresses is no longer delivered to your instances.

       If  the  load  balancer does not exist or has already been deleted, the
       call to DeleteLoadBalancer still succeeds.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-load-balancer
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To delete a load balancer

       This example deletes the specified load balancer.

       Command:

          aws elb delete-load-balancer --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-LOAD-BALANCER()
