DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-FROM-SUBNETS()        DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-FROM-SUBNETS()



NAME
       detach-load-balancer-from-subnets -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified  subnets from the set of configured subnets for
       the load balancer.

       After a subnet is removed, all EC2 instances registered with  the  load
       balancer  in  the  removed subnet go into the OutOfService state. Then,
       the load balancer balances the traffic  among  the  remaining  routable
       subnets.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-load-balancer-from-subnets
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --subnets <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --subnets (list)
          The IDs of the subnets.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To detach load balancers from subnets

       This  example  detaches  the specified load balancer from the specified
       subnet.

       Command:

          aws elb detach-load-balancer-from-subnets --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --subnets subnet-0ecac448

       Output:

          {
             "Subnets": [
                 "subnet-15aaab61"
             ]
          }

OUTPUT
       Subnets -> (list)
          The IDs of the remaining subnets for the load balancer.

          (string)



                                           DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-FROM-SUBNETS()
