DISABLE-AVAILABILITY-ZONES-FOR-LDISABLE-AVAILABILITY-ZONES-FOR-LOAD-BALANCER()



NAME
       disable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes  the  specified Availability Zones from the set of Availability
       Zones for the specified load balancer in EC2-Classic or a default VPC.

       For load balancers in a non-default VPC,  use   DetachLoadBalancerFrom-
       Subnets .

       There  must  be  at  least one Availability Zone registered with a load
       balancer at all times. After an Availability Zone is removed,  all  in-
       stances  registered  with  the  load  balancer  that are in the removed
       Availability Zone go into the OutOfService state. Then, the  load  bal-
       ancer  attempts  to  equally  balance  the  traffic among its remaining
       Availability Zones.

       For more information, see Add or Remove Availability Zones in the Clas-
       sic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --availability-zones <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --availability-zones (list)
          The Availability Zones.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To disable Availability Zones for a load balancer

       This example removes the specified Availability Zone from  the  set  of
       Availability Zones for the specified load balancer.

       Command:

          aws elb disable-availability-zones-for-load-balancer --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --availability-zones us-west-2a

       Output:

          {
              "AvailabilityZones": [
                  "us-west-2b"
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       AvailabilityZones -> (list)
          The remaining Availability Zones for the load balancer.

          (string)



                                DISABLE-AVAILABILITY-ZONES-FOR-LOAD-BALANCER()
