SET-LOAD-BALANCER-LISTENER-SSL-CERSET-LOAD-BALANCER-LISTENER-SSL-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       set-load-balancer-listener-ssl-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets  the certificate that terminates the specified listener's SSL con-
       nections. The specified certificate replaces any prior certificate that
       was used on the same load balancer and port.

       For  more  information about updating your SSL certificate, see Replace
       the SSL Certificate for Your Load Balancer in  the  Classic  Load  Bal-
       ancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-load-balancer-listener-ssl-certificate
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --load-balancer-port <value>
          --ssl-certificate-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --load-balancer-port (integer)
          The port that uses the specified SSL certificate.

       --ssl-certificate-id (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SSL certificate.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update the SSL certificate for an HTTPS load balancer

       This  example  replaces  the existing SSL certificate for the specified
       HTTPS load balancer.

       Command:

          aws elb set-load-balancer-listener-ssl-certificate --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --load-balancer-port 443 --ssl-certificate-id arn:aws:iam::123456789012:server-certificate/new-server-cert

OUTPUT
       None



                                  SET-LOAD-BALANCER-LISTENER-SSL-CERTIFICATE()
