SET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-FOR-SET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-FOR-BACKEND-SERVER()



NAME
       set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server -

DESCRIPTION
       Replaces  the  set  of  policies  associated with the specified port on
       which the EC2 instance is listening with a new set of policies. At this
       time,  only  the  back-end server authentication policy type can be ap-
       plied to the instance ports; this policy type is composed  of  multiple
       public key policies.

       Each time you use SetLoadBalancerPoliciesForBackendServer to enable the
       policies, use the PolicyNames parameter to list the policies  that  you
       want to enable.

       You  can use  DescribeLoadBalancers or  DescribeLoadBalancerPolicies to
       verify that the policy is associated with the EC2 instance.

       For more information about enabling back-end  instance  authentication,
       see Configure Back-end Instance Authentication in the Classic Load Bal-
       ancers Guide . For more information about Proxy Protocol, see Configure
       Proxy Protocol Support in the Classic Load Balancers Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --instance-port <value>
          --policy-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --instance-port (integer)
          The port number associated with the EC2 instance.

       --policy-names (list)
          The  names  of  the policies. If the list is empty, then all current
          polices are removed from the EC2 instance.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To replace the policies associated with a port for a backend instance

       This example replaces the policies that are currently  associated  with
       the specified port.

       Command:

          aws elb set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --instance-port 80 --policy-names my-ProxyProtocol-policy

       To  remove  all  policies  that are currently associated with a port on
       your backend instance

       This example removes all policies associated with the specified port.

       Command:

          aws elb set-load-balancer-policies-for-backend-server --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --instance-port 80 --policy-names []

       To confirm that the policies are removed,  use  the  describe-load-bal-
       ancer-policies command.

OUTPUT
       None



                               SET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-FOR-BACKEND-SERVER()
