SET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-OF-LISTENERSET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-OF-LISTENER()



NAME
       set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener -

DESCRIPTION
       Replaces  the  current  set of policies for the specified load balancer
       port with the specified set of policies.

       To enable back-end server authentication, use  SetLoadBalancerPolicies-
       ForBackendServer .

       For more information about setting policies, see Update the SSL Negoti-
       ation  Configuration  ,  Duration-Based  Session   Stickiness   ,   and
       Application-Controlled Session Stickiness in the Classic Load Balancers
       Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener
          --load-balancer-name <value>
          --load-balancer-port <value>
          --policy-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --load-balancer-name (string)
          The name of the load balancer.

       --load-balancer-port (integer)
          The external port of the load balancer.

       --policy-names (list)
          The names of the policies. This list must include all policies to be
          enabled.  If you omit a policy that is currently enabled, it is dis-
          abled. If the list is empty, all current policies are disabled.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To replace the policies associated with a listener

       This example replaces the policies that are currently  associated  with
       the specified listener.

       Command:

          aws elb set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --load-balancer-port 443 --policy-names my-SSLNegotiation-policy

       To remove all policies associated with your listener

       This  example  removes  all policies that are currently associated with
       the specified listener.

       Command:

          aws elb set-load-balancer-policies-of-listener --load-balancer-name my-load-balancer --load-balancer-port 443 --policy-names []

       To confirm that the policies are removed from the  load  balancer,  use
       the describe-load-balancer-policies command.

OUTPUT
       None



                                      SET-LOAD-BALANCER-POLICIES-OF-LISTENER()
