DESCRIBE-DETECTOR-MODEL-ANALYSIS()          DESCRIBE-DETECTOR-MODEL-ANALYSIS()



NAME
       describe-detector-model-analysis -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves runtime information about a detector model analysis.

       NOTE:
          After  AWS IoT Events starts analyzing your detector model, you have
          up to 24 hours to retrieve the analysis results.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-detector-model-analysis
          --analysis-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --analysis-id (string)
          The ID of the analysis result that you want to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       status -> (string)
          The status of the analysis activity. The status can be  one  of  the
          following values:

          o RUNNING  -  AWS  IoT Events is analyzing your detector model. This
            process can take several minutes to complete.

          o COMPLETE - AWS IoT Events finished analyzing your detector model.

          o FAILED - AWS IoT Events couldn't analyze your detector model.  Try
            again later.



                                            DESCRIBE-DETECTOR-MODEL-ANALYSIS()
