DELETE-SYSTEM-TEMPLATE()                              DELETE-SYSTEM-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       delete-system-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  system.  New deployments can't contain the system after its
       deletion. Existing deployments that contain the system will continue to
       work because they use a snapshot of the system that is taken when it is
       deployed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-system-template
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the system to be deleted.

          The ID should be in the following format.
              urn:tdm:REGION/ACCOUNT ID/default:system:SYSTEMNAME

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a system

       The following delete-system-template example deletes a system.

          aws iotthingsgraph delete-system-template \
              --id "urn:tdm:us-west-2/123456789012/default:System:MySystem"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Lifecycle Management for AWS IoT Things Graph
       Entities,  Flows,  Systems, and Deployments in the AWS IoT Things Graph
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-SYSTEM-TEMPLATE()
