DELETE-NAMESPACE()                                          DELETE-NAMESPACE()



NAME
       delete-namespace -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  specified namespace. This action deletes all of the enti-
       ties in the namespace. Delete the systems and flows that  use  entities
       in the namespace before performing this action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-namespace
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a namespace

       The following delete-namespace example deletes a namespace.

          aws iotthingsgraph delete-namespace

       Output:

          {
             "namespaceArn": "arn:aws:iotthingsgraph:us-west-2:123456789012",
             "namespaceName": "us-west-2/123456789012/default"
          }

       For more information, see Lifecycle Management for AWS IoT Things Graph
       Entities, Flows, Systems, and Deployments in the AWS IoT  Things  Graph
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       namespaceArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the namespace to be deleted.

       namespaceName -> (string)
          The name of the namespace to be deleted.



                                                            DELETE-NAMESPACE()
