DEPRECATE-FLOW-TEMPLATE()                            DEPRECATE-FLOW-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       deprecate-flow-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Deprecates  the  specified workflow. This action marks the workflow for
       deletion. Deprecated flows can't be deployed, but existing  deployments
       will continue to run.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deprecate-flow-template
          --id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          The ID of the workflow to be deleted.

          The ID should be in the following format.
              urn:tdm:REGION/ACCOUNT ID/default:workflow:WORKFLOWNAME

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deprecate a flow

       The  following deprecate-flow-template example deprecates a flow (work-
       flow).

          aws iotthingsgraph deprecate-flow-template \
              --id "urn:tdm:us-west-2/123456789012/default:Workflow:MyFlow"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Lifecycle Management for AWS IoT Things Graph
       Entities,  Flows,  Systems, and Deployments in the AWS IoT Things Graph
       User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     DEPRECATE-FLOW-TEMPLATE()
