GET-NAMESPACE-DELETION-STATUS()                GET-NAMESPACE-DELETION-STATUS()



NAME
       get-namespace-deletion-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the status of a namespace deletion task.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-namespace-deletion-status
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get the status of the namespace deletion task

       The  following get-namespace-deletion-status example gets the status of
       the namespace deletion task.

          aws iotthingsgraph get-namespace-deletion-status

       Output:

          {
             "namespaceArn": "arn:aws:iotthingsgraph:us-west-2:123456789012",
             "namespaceName": "us-west-2/123456789012/default"
             "status": "SUCCEEDED "
          }

       For more information, see Namespaces in the AWS IoT Things  Graph  User
       Guide.

OUTPUT
       namespaceArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the namespace that is being deleted.

       namespaceName -> (string)
          The name of the namespace that is being deleted.

       status -> (string)
          The status of the deletion request.

       errorCode -> (string)
          An error code returned by the namespace deletion task.

       errorMessage -> (string)
          An error code returned by the namespace deletion task.



                                               GET-NAMESPACE-DELETION-STATUS()
