LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all tags on an AWS IoT Things Graph resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tags-for-resource is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: tags

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource whose tags are to  be
          returned.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list all tags for a resource

       The  following  list-tags-for-resource example list all tags for an AWS
       IoT Things Graph resource.

          aws iotthingsgraph list-tags-for-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:iotthingsgraph:us-west-2:123456789012:Deployment/default/Room218"

       Output:

          {
             "tags": [
                {
                   "key": "Type",
                   "value": "Residential"
                }
             ]
          }

       For more information, see Tagging Your AWS IoT Things  Graph  Resources
       in the AWS IoT Things Graph User Guide.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          List of tags returned by the ListTagsForResource operation.

          (structure)
              Metadata assigned to an AWS IoT Things Graph resource consisting
              of a key-value pair.

              key -> (string)
                 The required name of the tag. The string value can be from  1
                 to 128 Unicode characters in length.

              value -> (string)
                 The optional value of the tag. The string value can be from 1
                 to 256 Unicode characters in length.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token that specifies the next page of results to return.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
