LIST-FLOW-EXECUTION-MESSAGES()                  LIST-FLOW-EXECUTION-MESSAGES()



NAME
       list-flow-execution-messages -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of objects that contain information about events in a
       flow execution.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-flow-execution-messages is a  paginated  operation.  Multiple  API
       calls  may  be  issued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of re-
       sults. You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response, the --query argument must extract data from  the  results  of
       the following query expressions: messages

SYNOPSIS
            list-flow-execution-messages
          --flow-execution-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --flow-execution-id (string)
          The ID of the flow execution.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To get information about events in a flow execution

       The  following  list-flow-execution-messages  example  gets information
       about events in a flow execution.

          aws iotthingsgraph list-flow-execution-messages \
              --flow-execution-id "urn:tdm:us-west-2/123456789012/default:Workflow:SecurityFlow_2019-05-11T19:39:55.317Z_MotionSensor_69b151ad-a611-42f5-ac21-fe537f9868ad"

       Output:

          {
              "messages": [
                  {
                   "eventType": "EXECUTION_STARTED",
                   "messageId": "f6294f1e-b109-4bbe-9073-f451a2dda2da",
                   "payload": "Flow execution started",
                   "timestamp": 1559247540.656
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Working with Flows  in  the  AWS  IoT  Things
       Graph User Guide.

OUTPUT
       messages -> (list)
          A list of objects that contain information about events in the spec-
          ified flow execution.

          (structure)
              An object that contains information about a flow event.

              messageId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier of the message.

              eventType -> (string)
                 The type of flow event .

              timestamp -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time when the message was last updated.

              payload -> (string)
                 A string containing information about the flow event.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The string to specify as nextToken when you request the next page of
          results.



                                                LIST-FLOW-EXECUTION-MESSAGES()
