SEARCH-THINGS()                                                SEARCH-THINGS()



NAME
       search-things -

DESCRIPTION
       Searches  for  things  associated  with  the  specified entity. You can
       search by both device and device model.

       For example, if two different devices, camera1 and  camera2,  implement
       the  camera  device model, the user can associate thing1 to camera1 and
       thing2 to camera2. SearchThings(camera2) will return only  thing2,  but
       SearchThings(camera) will return both thing1 and thing2.

       This action searches for exact matches and doesn't perform partial text
       matching.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       search-things is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: things

SYNOPSIS
            search-things
          --entity-id <value>
          [--namespace-version <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --entity-id (string)
          The ID of the entity to which the things are associated.

          The IDs should be in the following format.
              urn:tdm:REGION/ACCOUNT ID/default:device:DEVICENAME

       --namespace-version (long)
          The  version of the user's namespace. Defaults to the latest version
          of the user's namespace.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To search for things associated with devices and device models

       The  following  search-things  example searches for all things that are
       associated with the HCSR501MotionSensor device.

          aws iotthingsgraph search-things \
              --entity-id "urn:tdm:aws/examples:Device:HCSR501MotionSensor"

       Output:

          {
              "things": [
                  {
                      "thingArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:thing/MotionSensor1",
                      "thingName": "MotionSensor1"
                  },
                  {
                      "thingArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-west-2:123456789012:thing/TG_MS",
                      "thingName": "TG_MS"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Creating and Uploading Models in the AWS  IoT
       Things Graph User Guide.

OUTPUT
       things -> (list)
          An array of things in the result set.

          (structure)
              An AWS IoT thing.

              thingArn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the thing.

              thingName -> (string)
                 The name of the thing.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The string to specify as nextToken when you request the next page of
          results.



                                                               SEARCH-THINGS()
