UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a tag from the specified resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource whose tags are to be
          removed.

       --tag-keys (list)
          A list of tag key names to remove from the resource. You don't spec-
          ify the value. Both the key and its associated value are removed.

          This  parameter to the API requires a JSON text string argument. For
          information on how to format a JSON parameter for the  various  com-
          mand  line  tool  environments, see Using JSON for Parameters in the
          AWS CLI User Guide .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove a tag for a resource

       The following untag-resource example removes a tag  for  the  specified
       resource.

          aws iotthingsgraph untag-resource \
              --resource-arn "arn:aws:iotthingsgraph:us-west-2:123456789012:Deployment/default/Room218" \
              --tag-keys "Type"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information, see Tagging Your AWS IoT Things Graph Resources
       in the AWS IoT Things Graph User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
