BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-SCRAM-SECRET()            BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-SCRAM-SECRET()



NAME
       batch-disassociate-scram-secret -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates one or more Scram Secrets from an Amazon MSK cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-disassociate-scram-secret
          --cluster-arn <value>
          --secret-arn-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster to be updated.

       --secret-arn-list (list)
          List of AWS Secrets Manager secret ARNs.
              (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ClusterArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

       UnprocessedScramSecrets -> (list)
          List of errors when disassociating secrets to cluster.

          (structure)
              Error info for scram secret associate/disassociate failure.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 Error code for associate/disassociate failure.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 Error message for associate/disassociate failure.

              SecretArn -> (string)
                 AWS Secrets Manager secret ARN.



                                             BATCH-DISASSOCIATE-SCRAM-SECRET()
