DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION()                              DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a description of this MSK configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-configuration
          --arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies an MSK con-
          figuration and all of its revisions.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time when the configuration was created.

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the configuration.

       KafkaVersions -> (list)
          The versions of Apache Kafka with which you can use this MSK config-
          uration.

          (string)

       LatestRevision -> (structure)
          Latest revision of the configuration.

          CreationTime -> (timestamp)
              The time when the configuration revision was created.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the configuration revision.

          Revision -> (long)
              The revision number.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the configuration.

       State -> (string)
          The  state  of  the  configuration.  The possible states are ACTIVE,
          DELETING, and DELETE_FAILED.



                                                      DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION()
