DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION-REVISION()            DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION-REVISION()



NAME
       describe-configuration-revision -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns a description of this revision of the configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-configuration-revision
          --arn <value>
          --revision <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies an MSK con-
          figuration and all of its revisions.

       --revision (long)
          A string that uniquely identifies a revision of  an  MSK  configura-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time when the configuration was created.

       Description -> (string)
          The description of the configuration.

       Revision -> (long)
          The revision number.

       ServerProperties -> (blob)
          Contents  of the server.propertiesfile. When using the API, you must
          ensure that the contents of the file are base64 encoded. When  using
          the AWS Management Console, the SDK, or the AWS CLI, the contents of
          server.propertiescan be in plaintext.



                                             DESCRIBE-CONFIGURATION-REVISION()
