GET-COMPATIBLE-KAFKA-VERSIONS()                GET-COMPATIBLE-KAFKA-VERSIONS()



NAME
       get-compatible-kafka-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the Apache Kafka versions to which you can update the MSK cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-compatible-kafka-versions
          [--cluster-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster check.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CompatibleKafkaVersions -> (list)
          A list of CompatibleKafkaVersion objects.

          (structure)
              Contains  source  Apache  Kafka  versions  and compatible target
              Apache Kafka versions.

              SourceVersion -> (string)
                 An Apache Kafka version.

              TargetVersions -> (list)
                 A list of Apache Kafka versions.

                 (string)



                                               GET-COMPATIBLE-KAFKA-VERSIONS()
