UPDATE-BROKER-COUNT()                                    UPDATE-BROKER-COUNT()



NAME
       update-broker-count -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the number of broker nodes in the cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-broker-count
          --cluster-arn <value>
          --current-version <value>
          --target-number-of-broker-nodes <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies the cluster.

       --current-version (string)
          The  version  of cluster to update from. A successful operation will
          then generate a new version.

       --target-number-of-broker-nodes (integer)
          The number of broker nodes that you want the cluster to  have  after
          this operation completes successfully.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ClusterArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.

       ClusterOperationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster operation.



                                                         UPDATE-BROKER-COUNT()
