UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()                                  UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       update-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an MSK configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-configuration
          --arn <value>
          [--description <value>]
          --server-properties <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration.

       --description (string)
          The description of the configuration revision.

       --server-properties (blob)
          Contents  of the server.propertiesfile. When using the API, you must
          ensure that the contents of the file are base64 encoded. When  using
          the AWS Management Console, the SDK, or the AWS CLI, the contents of
          server.propertiescan be in plaintext.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration.

       LatestRevision -> (structure)
          Latest revision of the configuration.

          CreationTime -> (timestamp)
              The time when the configuration revision was created.

          Description -> (string)
              The description of the configuration revision.

          Revision -> (long)
              The revision number.



                                                        UPDATE-CONFIGURATION()
