GET-IMAGES()                                                      GET-IMAGES()



NAME
       get-images -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves  a list of Images corresponding to each timestamp for a given
       time range, sampling interval, and image format configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-images is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: Images

SYNOPSIS
            get-images
          [--stream-name <value>]
          [--stream-arn <value>]
          --image-selector-type <value>
          --start-timestamp <value>
          --end-timestamp <value>
          --sampling-interval <value>
          --format <value>
          [--format-config <value>]
          [--width-pixels <value>]
          [--height-pixels <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --stream-name (string)
          The  name  of the stream from which to retrieve the images. You must
          specify either the StreamName or the StreamARN .

       --stream-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the stream from which to  retrieve
          the  images. You must specify either the StreamName or the StreamARN
          .

       --image-selector-type (string)
          The origin of the Server or Producer timestamps to use  to  generate
          the images.

          Possible values:

          o PRODUCER_TIMESTAMP

          o SERVER_TIMESTAMP

       --start-timestamp (timestamp)
          The  starting  point from which the images should be generated. This
          StartTimestamp must be within an inclusive range of  timestamps  for
          an image to be returned.

       --end-timestamp (timestamp)
          The end timestamp for the range of images to be generated.

       --sampling-interval (integer)
          The  time  interval in milliseconds (ms) at which the images need to
          be generated from the stream. The minimum value that can be provided
          is  3000 ms. If the timestamp range is less than the sampling inter-
          val, the Image from the startTimestamp will be  returned  if  avail-
          able.

          NOTE:
              The minimum value of 3000 ms is a soft limit. If needed, a lower
              sampling frequency can be requested.

       --format (string)
          The format that will be used to encode the image.

          Possible values:

          o JPEG

          o PNG

       --format-config (map)
          The list of a key-value pair structure that contains  extra  parame-
          ters that can be applied when the image is generated. The FormatCon-
          fig key is the JPEGQuality , which indicates the JPEG quality key to
          be  used  to generate the image. The FormatConfig value accepts ints
          from 1 to 100. If the value is 1, the image will be  generated  with
          less  quality and the best compression. If the value is 100, the im-
          age will be generated with the best quality and less compression. If
          no  value is provided, the default value of the JPEGQuality key will
          be set to 80.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

            KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

          Where valid key names are:
            JPEGQuality

       JSON Syntax:

          {"JPEGQuality": "string"
            ...}

       --width-pixels (integer)
          The width of the output image that is used in conjunction  with  the
          HeightPixels  parameter.  When both WidthPixels and HeightPixels pa-
          rameters are provided, the image will be stretched to fit the speci-
          fied  aspect ratio. If only the WidthPixels parameter is provided or
          if only the HeightPixels is provided, a ValidationException will  be
          thrown.  If  neither  parameter is provided, the original image size
          from the stream will be returned.

       --height-pixels (integer)
          The height of the output image that is used in conjunction with  the
          WidthPixels parameter. When both HeightPixels and WidthPixels param-
          eters are provided, the image will be stretched to fit the specified
          aspect  ratio.  If  only the HeightPixels parameter is provided, its
          original aspect ratio will be used to calculate the WidthPixels  ra-
          tio.  If neither parameter is provided, the original image size will
          be returned.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (long)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (long)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Images -> (list)
          The list of images generated from the video stream. If there  is  no
          media  available for the given timestamp, the NO_MEDIA error will be
          listed in the output. If an error occurs while the  image  is  being
          generated, the MEDIA_ERROR will be listed in the output as the cause
          of the missing image.

          (structure)
              A structure that contains the Timestamp , Error , and  ImageCon-
              tent .

              TimeStamp -> (timestamp)
                 An  attribute  of the Image object that is used to extract an
                 image from the video stream. This field  is  used  to  manage
                 gaps on images or to better understand the pagination window.

              Error -> (string)
                 The error message shown when the image for the provided time-
                 stamp was not extracted due to a non-tryable error. An  error
                 will be returned if:

                 o There is no media that exists for the specified Timestamp .

                 o The media for the specified time does not allow an image to
                   be extracted. In this case the media is audio only, or  the
                   incorrect media has been ingested.

              ImageContent -> (string)
                 An attribute of the Image object that is Base64 encoded.

       NextToken -> (string)
          The encrypted token that was used in the request to get more images.



                                                                  GET-IMAGES()
