DELETE-ENDPOINT()                                            DELETE-ENDPOINT()



NAME
       delete-endpoint -

DESCRIPTION
       Amazon  S3  on  Outposts Access Points simplify managing data access at
       scale for shared datasets in S3 on Outposts. S3 on Outposts  uses  end-
       points  to  connect to Outposts buckets so that you can perform actions
       within your virtual private cloud  (VPC).  For  more  information,  see
       Accessing S3 on Outposts using VPC only access points .

       This action deletes an endpoint.

       NOTE:
          It can take up to 5 minutes for this action to complete.

       Related actions include:

       o CreateEndpoint

       o ListEndpoints

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-endpoint
          --endpoint-id <value>
          --outpost-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --endpoint-id (string)
          The ID of the endpoint.

       --outpost-id (string)
          The ID of the AWS Outposts.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-ENDPOINT()
