DESCRIBE-VOICES()                                            DESCRIBE-VOICES()



NAME
       describe-voices -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  the  list of voices that are available for use when requesting
       speech synthesis. Each voice speaks a  specified  language,  is  either
       male  or female, and is identified by an ID, which is the ASCII version
       of the voice name.

       When synthesizing speech ( SynthesizeSpeech ), you provide the voice ID
       for  the  voice  you  want  from  the  list  of  voices returned by De-
       scribeVoices .

       For example, you want your news reader application to read  news  in  a
       specific  language,  but  giving a user the option to choose the voice.
       Using the DescribeVoices operation you can provide the user with a list
       of available voices to select from.

       You  can  optionally  specify  a  language code to filter the available
       voices. For example, if you specify en-US ,  the  operation  returns  a
       list of all available US English voices.

       This operation requires permissions to perform the polly:DescribeVoices
       action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-voices is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Voices

SYNOPSIS
            describe-voices
          [--engine <value>]
          [--language-code <value>]
          [--include-additional-language-codes | --no-include-additional-language-codes]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --engine (string)
          Specifies the engine (standard or neural ) used by Amazon Polly when
          processing input text for speech synthesis.

          Possible values:

          o standard

          o neural

       --language-code (string)
          The language identification tag  (ISO  639  code  for  the  language
          name-ISO  3166  country  code)  for filtering the list of voices re-
          turned. If you don't specify this optional parameter, all  available
          voices are returned.

          Possible values:

          o arb

          o cmn-CN

          o cy-GB

          o da-DK

          o de-DE

          o en-AU

          o en-GB

          o en-GB-WLS

          o en-IN

          o en-US

          o es-ES

          o es-MX

          o es-US

          o fr-CA

          o fr-FR

          o is-IS

          o it-IT

          o ja-JP

          o hi-IN

          o ko-KR

          o nb-NO

          o nl-NL

          o pl-PL

          o pt-BR

          o pt-PT

          o ro-RO

          o ru-RU

          o sv-SE

          o tr-TR

          o en-NZ

          o en-ZA

          o ca-ES

       --include-additional-language-codes    |   --no-include-additional-lan-
       guage-codes (boolean)
          Boolean value indicating whether to return any bilingual voices that
          use  the specified language as an additional language. For instance,
          if you request all languages that use US English (es-US), and  there
          is an Italian voice that speaks both Italian (it-IT) and US English,
          that voice will be included if you specify yes but not if you  spec-
          ify no .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Voices -> (list)
          A list of voices with their properties.

          (structure)
              Description of the voice.

              Gender -> (string)
                 Gender of the voice.

              Id -> (string)
                 Amazon Polly assigned voice ID. This is the ID that you spec-
                 ify when calling the SynthesizeSpeech operation.

              LanguageCode -> (string)
                 Language code of the voice.

              LanguageName -> (string)
                 Human readable name of the language in English.

              Name -> (string)
                 Name  of  the  voice (for example, Salli, Kendra, etc.). This
                 provides a human readable voice name that you  might  display
                 in your application.

              AdditionalLanguageCodes -> (list)
                 Additional  codes  for  languages available for the specified
                 voice in addition to its default language.

                 For example, the default language for Aditi is Indian English
                 (en-IN)  because  it  was first used for that language. Since
                 Aditi is bilingual and fluent  in  both  Indian  English  and
                 Hindi, this parameter would show the code hi-IN .

                 (string)

              SupportedEngines -> (list)
                 Specifies  which  engines (standard or neural ) that are sup-
                 ported by a given voice.

                 (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          The pagination token to use in the  next  request  to  continue  the
          listing  of  voices.  NextToken  is returned only if the response is
          truncated.



                                                             DESCRIBE-VOICES()
