CREATE-WEB-ACL-MIGRATION-STACK()              CREATE-WEB-ACL-MIGRATION-STACK()



NAME
       create-web-acl-migration-stack -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an AWS CloudFormation WAFV2 template for the specified web ACL
       in the specified Amazon S3 bucket. Then, in CloudFormation, you  create
       a  stack  from the template, to create the web ACL and its resources in
       AWS WAFV2. Use this to migrate your AWS WAF Classic web ACL to the lat-
       est version of AWS WAF.

       This  is part of a larger migration procedure for web ACLs from AWS WAF
       Classic to the latest version of AWS WAF. For the full  procedure,  in-
       cluding  caveats  and manual steps to complete the migration and switch
       over to the new web ACL, see Migrating your AWS WAF  Classic  resources
       to AWS WAF in the AWS WAF Developer Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-web-acl-migration-stack
          --web-acl-id <value>
          --s3-bucket-name <value>
          --ignore-unsupported-type | --no-ignore-unsupported-type
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --web-acl-id (string)
          The  UUID of the WAF Classic web ACL that you want to migrate to WAF
          v2.

       --s3-bucket-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon S3 bucket to store  the  CloudFormation  tem-
          plate in. The S3 bucket must be configured as follows for the migra-
          tion:

          o The bucket name must start with aws-waf-migration- . For  example,
            aws-waf-migration-my-web-acl .

          o The  bucket must be in the Region where you are deploying the tem-
            plate. For example, for a web ACL in us-west-2, you  must  use  an
            Amazon  S3  bucket  in  us-west-2 and you must deploy the template
            stack to us-west-2.

          o The bucket policies must permit the  migration  process  to  write
            data.  For  listings of the bucket policies, see the Examples sec-
            tion.

       --ignore-unsupported-type | --no-ignore-unsupported-type (boolean)
          Indicates whether to exclude entities that can't be migrated  or  to
          stop  the migration. Set this to true to ignore unsupported entities
          in the web ACL during the migration. Otherwise, if AWS  WAF  encoun-
          ters unsupported entities, it stops the process and throws an excep-
          tion.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       S3ObjectUrl -> (string)
          The URL of the template created in Amazon S3.



                                              CREATE-WEB-ACL-MIGRATION-STACK()
