LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information, see AWS
          WAF Classic in the developer guide.
              For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS  WAFV2  API  and
              see  the  AWS WAF Developer Guide . With the latest version, AWS
              WAF has a single set of endpoints for regional and global use.

       Retrieves the tags associated with the specified AWS resource. Tags are
       key:value  pairs  that  you  can  use to categorize and manage your re-
       sources, for purposes like billing. For example, you might set the  tag
       key  to  "customer"  and  the value to the customer name or ID. You can
       specify one or more tags to add to each AWS resource, up to 50 tags for
       a resource.

       Tagging  is  only  available  through the API, SDKs, and CLI. You can't
       manage or view tags through the AWS WAF Classic console.  You  can  tag
       the  AWS  resources  that you manage through AWS WAF Classic: web ACLs,
       rule groups, and rules.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          [--next-marker <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-marker (string)

       --limit (integer)

       --resource-arn (string)

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)

       TagInfoForResource -> (structure)
          ResourceARN -> (string)

          TagList -> (list)
              (structure)

                 NOTE:
                     This  is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more informa-
                     tion, see AWS WAF Classic in the developer guide.
                        For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS  WAFV2
                        API  and  see  the  AWS WAF Developer Guide . With the
                        latest version, AWS WAF has a single set of  endpoints
                        for regional and global use.

                 A  tag  associated  with  an AWS resource. Tags are key:value
                 pairs that you can use to  categorize  and  manage  your  re-
                 sources,  for  purposes  like billing. For example, you might
                 set the tag key to "customer" and the value to  the  customer
                 name  or  ID. You can specify one or more tags to add to each
                 AWS resource, up to 50 tags for a resource.

                 Tagging is only available through the API, SDKs, and CLI. You
                 can't  manage  or  view tags through the AWS WAF Classic con-
                 sole. You can tag the AWS resources that you  manage  through
                 AWS WAF Classic: web ACLs, rule groups, and rules.

                 Key -> (string)

                 Value -> (string)



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
