LIST-WEB-ACLS()                                                LIST-WEB-ACLS()



NAME
       list-web-acls -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          This is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information, see AWS
          WAF Classic in the developer guide.
              For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS  WAFV2  API  and
              see  the  AWS WAF Developer Guide . With the latest version, AWS
              WAF has a single set of endpoints for regional and global use.

       Returns an array of  WebACLSummary objects in the response.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-web-acls is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: WebACLs

SYNOPSIS
            list-web-acls
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       NextMarker -> (string)
          If  you  have more WebACL objects than the number that you specified
          for Limit in the request, the response includes a NextMarker  value.
          To list more WebACL objects, submit another ListWebACLs request, and
          specify the NextMarker value from the  response  in  the  NextMarker
          value in the next request.

       WebACLs -> (list)
          An array of  WebACLSummary objects.

          (structure)

              NOTE:
                 This  is AWS WAF Classic documentation. For more information,
                 see AWS WAF Classic in the developer guide.
                     For the latest version of AWS WAF , use the AWS WAFV2 API
                     and  see  the  AWS  WAF Developer Guide . With the latest
                     version, AWS WAF has a single set of  endpoints  for  re-
                     gional and global use.

              Contains  the identifier and the name or description of the  We-
              bACL .

              WebACLId -> (string)
                 A unique identifier for a WebACL . You use  WebACLId  to  get
                 information about a WebACL (see  GetWebACL ), update a WebACL
                 (see  UpdateWebACL ), and delete a WebACL from AWS  WAF  (see
                 DeleteWebACL ).
                     WebACLId is returned by  CreateWebACL and by  ListWebACLs
                     .

              Name -> (string)
                 A friendly name or description of the   WebACL  .  You  can't
                 change the name of a WebACL after you create it.



                                                               LIST-WEB-ACLS()
