BATCH-DELETE-CONNECTION()                            BATCH-DELETE-CONNECTION()



NAME
       batch-delete-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a list of connection definitions from the Data Catalog.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            batch-delete-connection
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --connection-name-list <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The  ID of the Data Catalog in which the connections reside. If none
          is provided, the Amazon Web Services account ID is used by default.

       --connection-name-list (list)
          A list of names of the connections to delete.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Succeeded -> (list)
          A list of names of the connection definitions that were successfully
          deleted.

          (string)

       Errors -> (map)
          A map of the names of connections that were not successfully deleted
          to error details.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (structure)
              Contains details about an error.

              ErrorCode -> (string)
                 The code associated with this error.

              ErrorMessage -> (string)
                 A message describing the error.



                                                     BATCH-DELETE-CONNECTION()
