CANCEL-ML-TASK-RUN()                                      CANCEL-ML-TASK-RUN()



NAME
       cancel-ml-task-run -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels (stops) a task run. Machine learning task runs are asynchronous
       tasks that Glue runs on your behalf as part of various machine learning
       workflows.  You  can  cancel a machine learning task run at any time by
       calling CancelMLTaskRun with a task  run's  parent  transform's  Trans-
       formID and the task run's TaskRunId .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-ml-task-run
          --transform-id <value>
          --task-run-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transform-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the machine learning transform.

       --task-run-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the task run.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TransformId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the machine learning transform.

       TaskRunId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the task run.

       Status -> (string)
          The status for this run.



                                                          CANCEL-ML-TASK-RUN()
