CHECK-SCHEMA-VERSION-VALIDITY()                CHECK-SCHEMA-VERSION-VALIDITY()



NAME
       check-schema-version-validity -

DESCRIPTION
       Validates the supplied schema. This call has no side effects, it simply
       validates using the supplied schema using  DataFormat  as  the  format.
       Since  it  does not take a schema set name, no compatibility checks are
       performed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            check-schema-version-validity
          --data-format <value>
          --schema-definition <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --data-format (string)
          The data format of the schema definition. Currently  AVRO  and  JSON
          are supported.

          Possible values:

          o AVRO

          o JSON

       --schema-definition (string)
          The definition of the schema that has to be validated.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Valid -> (boolean)
          Return true, if the schema is valid and false otherwise.

       Error -> (string)
          A validation failure error message.



                                               CHECK-SCHEMA-VERSION-VALIDITY()
