CREATE-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()                        CREATE-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()



NAME
       create-custom-entity-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  custom pattern that is used to detect sensitive data across
       the columns and rows of your structured data.

       Each custom pattern you create specifies a regular  expression  and  an
       optional  list  of context words. If no context words are passed only a
       regular expression is checked.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-custom-entity-type
          --name <value>
          --regex-string <value>
          [--context-words <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          A name for the custom pattern that allows  it  to  be  retrieved  or
          deleted  later. This name must be unique per Amazon Web Services ac-
          count.

       --regex-string (string)
          A regular expression string that is  used  for  detecting  sensitive
          data in a custom pattern.

       --context-words (list)
          A  list  of  context words. If none of these context words are found
          within the vicinity of the regular expression the data will  not  be
          detected as sensitive data.

          If no context words are passed only a regular expression is checked.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the custom pattern you created.



                                                   CREATE-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()
