DELETE-COLUMN-STATISTICS-FOR-TABLE()      DELETE-COLUMN-STATISTICS-FOR-TABLE()



NAME
       delete-column-statistics-for-table -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves table statistics of columns.

       The  Identity  and Access Management (IAM) permission required for this
       operation is DeleteTable .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-column-statistics-for-table
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --database-name <value>
          --table-name <value>
          --column-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The ID of the Data Catalog where the partitions in question  reside.
          If  none  is supplied, the Amazon Web Services account ID is used by
          default.

       --database-name (string)
          The name of the catalog database where the partitions reside.

       --table-name (string)
          The name of the partitions' table.

       --column-name (string)
          The name of the column.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DELETE-COLUMN-STATISTICS-FOR-TABLE()
