DELETE-TABLE-VERSION()                                  DELETE-TABLE-VERSION()



NAME
       delete-table-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a specified version of a table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-table-version
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --database-name <value>
          --table-name <value>
          --version-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The  ID of the Data Catalog where the tables reside. If none is pro-
          vided, the Amazon Web Services account ID is used by default.

       --database-name (string)
          The database in the catalog in which the  table  resides.  For  Hive
          compatibility, this name is entirely lowercase.

       --table-name (string)
          The name of the table. For Hive compatibility, this name is entirely
          lowercase.

       --version-id (string)
          The ID of the table version to be deleted. A VersionID is  a  string
          representation of an integer. Each version is incremented by 1.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DELETE-TABLE-VERSION()
