DELETE-TABLE()                                                  DELETE-TABLE()



NAME
       delete-table -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a table definition from the Data Catalog.

       NOTE:
          After  completing  this  operation, you no longer have access to the
          table versions and partitions that belong to the deleted table. Glue
          deletes  these  "orphaned" resources asynchronously in a timely man-
          ner, at the discretion of the service.

          To ensure the immediate deletion of all  related  resources,  before
          calling DeleteTable , use DeleteTableVersion or BatchDeleteTableVer-
          sion , and DeletePartition or BatchDeletePartition , to  delete  any
          resources that belong to the table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-table
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --database-name <value>
          --name <value>
          [--transaction-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The  ID of the Data Catalog where the table resides. If none is pro-
          vided, the Amazon Web Services account ID is used by default.

       --database-name (string)
          The name of the catalog database in which  the  table  resides.  For
          Hive compatibility, this name is entirely lowercase.

       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the table to be deleted. For Hive compatibility, this
          name is entirely lowercase.

       --transaction-id (string)
          The transaction ID at which to delete the table contents.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                DELETE-TABLE()
