DELETE-ML-TRANSFORM()                                    DELETE-ML-TRANSFORM()



NAME
       delete-ml-transform -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Glue machine learning transform. Machine learning transforms
       are a special type of transform that use machine learning to learn  the
       details of the transformation to be performed by learning from examples
       provided by humans. These transformations are then saved  by  Glue.  If
       you  no longer need a transform, you can delete it by calling DeleteML-
       Transforms . However, any Glue jobs that still  reference  the  deleted
       transform will no longer succeed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-ml-transform
          --transform-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transform-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the transform to delete.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TransformId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the transform that was deleted.



                                                         DELETE-ML-TRANSFORM()
