DELETE-PARTITION-INDEX()                              DELETE-PARTITION-INDEX()



NAME
       delete-partition-index -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a specified partition index from an existing table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-partition-index
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          --database-name <value>
          --table-name <value>
          --index-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The catalog ID where the table resides.

       --database-name (string)
          Specifies  the  name  of  a database from which you want to delete a
          partition index.

       --table-name (string)
          Specifies the name of a table from which you want to delete a parti-
          tion index.

       --index-name (string)
          The name of the partition index to be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                      DELETE-PARTITION-INDEX()
