DELETE-JOB()                                                      DELETE-JOB()



NAME
       delete-job -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a specified job definition. If the job definition is not found,
       no exception is thrown.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-job
          --job-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --job-name (string)
          The name of the job definition to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a job

       The following delete-job example  deletes  a  job  that  is  no  longer
       needed.

          aws glue delete-job \
              --job-name my-testing-job

       Output:

          {
              "JobName": "my-testing-job"
          }

       For  more information, see Working with Jobs on the AWS Glue Console in
       the AWS Glue Developer Guide.

OUTPUT
       JobName -> (string)
          The name of the job definition that was deleted.



                                                                  DELETE-JOB()
