GET-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()                              GET-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()



NAME
       get-custom-entity-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the details of a custom pattern by specifying its name.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-custom-entity-type
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the custom pattern that you want to retrieve.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the custom pattern that you retrieved.

       RegexString -> (string)
          A regular expression string that is  used  for  detecting  sensitive
          data in a custom pattern.

       ContextWords -> (list)
          A  list  of  context  words if specified when you created the custom
          pattern. If none of these context words are found within the  vicin-
          ity  of the regular expression the data will not be detected as sen-
          sitive data.

          (string)



                                                      GET-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPE()
