GET-RESOURCE-POLICY()                                    GET-RESOURCE-POLICY()



NAME
       get-resource-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves a specified resource policy.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-resource-policy
          [--resource-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the Glue resource for which to retrieve the resource pol-
          icy. If not supplied, the Data Catalog resource policy is  returned.
          Use  GetResourcePolicies to view all existing resource policies. For
          more information see Specifying Glue Resource ARNs .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PolicyInJson -> (string)
          Contains the requested policy document, in JSON format.

       PolicyHash -> (string)
          Contains the hash value associated with this policy.

       CreateTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time at which the policy was created.

       UpdateTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time at which the policy was last updated.



                                                         GET-RESOURCE-POLICY()
