GET-CATALOG-IMPORT-STATUS()                        GET-CATALOG-IMPORT-STATUS()



NAME
       get-catalog-import-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the status of a migration operation.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-catalog-import-status
          [--catalog-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --catalog-id (string)
          The ID of the catalog to migrate. Currently, this should be the Ama-
          zon Web Services account ID.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ImportStatus -> (structure)
          The status of the specified catalog migration.

          ImportCompleted -> (boolean)
              True if the migration has completed, or False otherwise.

          ImportTime -> (timestamp)
              The time that the migration was started.

          ImportedBy -> (string)
              The name of the person who initiated the migration.



                                                   GET-CATALOG-IMPORT-STATUS()
