LIST-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPES()                          LIST-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPES()



NAME
       list-custom-entity-types -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists all the custom patterns that have been created.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-custom-entity-types
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --next-token (string)
          A paginated token to offset the results.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to return.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       CustomEntityTypes -> (list)
          A list of CustomEntityType objects representing custom patterns.

          (structure)
              An object representing a custom pattern for detecting  sensitive
              data across the columns and rows of your structured data.

              Name -> (string)
                 A  name for the custom pattern that allows it to be retrieved
                 or deleted later. This name must be  unique  per  Amazon  Web
                 Services account.

              RegexString -> (string)
                 A regular expression string that is used for detecting sensi-
                 tive data in a custom pattern.

              ContextWords -> (list)
                 A list of context words. If none of these context  words  are
                 found  within the vicinity of the regular expression the data
                 will not be detected as sensitive data.

                 If no context words are passed only a regular  expression  is
                 checked.

                 (string)

       NextToken -> (string)
          A pagination token, if more results are available.



                                                    LIST-CUSTOM-ENTITY-TYPES()
