RESUME-WORKFLOW-RUN()                                    RESUME-WORKFLOW-RUN()



NAME
       resume-workflow-run -

DESCRIPTION
       Restarts  selected nodes of a previous partially completed workflow run
       and resumes the workflow run. The selected nodes and all nodes that are
       downstream from the selected nodes are run.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resume-workflow-run
          --name <value>
          --run-id <value>
          --node-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the workflow to resume.

       --run-id (string)
          The ID of the workflow run to resume.

       --node-ids (list)
          A  list of the node IDs for the nodes you want to restart. The nodes
          that are to be restarted must have a run  attempt  in  the  original
          run.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       RunId -> (string)
          The  new  ID  assigned to the resumed workflow run. Each resume of a
          workflow run will have a new run ID.

       NodeIds -> (list)
          A list of the node IDs for the nodes that were actually restarted.

          (string)



                                                         RESUME-WORKFLOW-RUN()
