START-ML-EVALUATION-TASK-RUN()                  START-ML-EVALUATION-TASK-RUN()



NAME
       start-ml-evaluation-task-run -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts a task to estimate the quality of the transform.

       When you provide label sets as examples of truth, Glue machine learning
       uses some of those examples to learn from them. The rest of the  labels
       are used as a test to estimate quality.

       Returns  a  unique identifier for the run. You can call GetMLTaskRun to
       get more information about the stats of the EvaluationTaskRun .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-ml-evaluation-task-run
          --transform-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --transform-id (string)
          The unique identifier of the machine learning transform.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TaskRunId -> (string)
          The unique identifier associated with this run.



                                                START-ML-EVALUATION-TASK-RUN()
