UPDATE-CRAWLER-SCHEDULE()                            UPDATE-CRAWLER-SCHEDULE()



NAME
       update-crawler-schedule -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the schedule of a crawler using a cron expression.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-crawler-schedule
          --crawler-name <value>
          [--schedule <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --crawler-name (string)
          The name of the crawler whose schedule to update.

       --schedule (string)
          The  updated  cron  expression  used  to  specify  the schedule (see
          Time-Based Schedules for Jobs and Crawlers .  For  example,  to  run
          something  every day at 12:15 UTC, you would specify: cron(15 12 * *
          ? *) .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     UPDATE-CRAWLER-SCHEDULE()
