LIST-ALARMS()                                                    LIST-ALARMS()



NAME
       list-alarms -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists one or more alarms. The operation returns only the metadata asso-
       ciated with each alarm.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-alarms
          --alarm-model-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--max-results <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --alarm-model-name (string)
          The name of the alarm model.

       --next-token (string)
          The token that you can use to return the next set of results.

       --max-results (integer)
          The maximum number of results to be returned per request.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       alarmSummaries -> (list)
          A list that summarizes each alarm.

          (structure)
              Contains a summary of an alarm.

              alarmModelName -> (string)
                 The name of the alarm model.

              alarmModelVersion -> (string)
                 The version of the alarm model.

              keyValue -> (string)
                 The value of the key used as a  filter  to  select  only  the
                 alarms associated with the key .

              stateName -> (string)
                 The name of the alarm state. The state name can be one of the
                 following values:

                 o DISABLED - When the alarm is  in  the  DISABLED  state,  it
                   isn't ready to evaluate data. To enable the alarm, you must
                   change the alarm to the NORMAL state.

                 o NORMAL - When the alarm is in the NORMAL state, it's  ready
                   to evaluate data.

                 o ACTIVE  - If the alarm is in the ACTIVE state, the alarm is
                   invoked.

                 o ACKNOWLEDGED - When the alarm is in the ACKNOWLEDGED state,
                   the alarm was invoked and you acknowledged the alarm.

                 o SNOOZE_DISABLED  - When the alarm is in the SNOOZE_DISABLED
                   state, the alarm is disabled  for  a  specified  period  of
                   time.  After  the  snooze  time,  the  alarm  automatically
                   changes to the NORMAL state.

                 o LATCHED - When the alarm is in the LATCHED state, the alarm
                   was  invoked. However, the data that the alarm is currently
                   evaluating is within the specified  range.  To  change  the
                   alarm to the NORMAL state, you must acknowledge the alarm.

              creationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The time the alarm was created, in the Unix epoch format.

              lastUpdateTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  time  the alarm was last updated, in the Unix epoch for-
                 mat.

       nextToken -> (string)
          The token that you can use to return the next  set  of  results,  or
          null if there are no more results.



                                                                 LIST-ALARMS()
