ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()      ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()



NAME
       attach-load-balancer-target-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Attaches one or more target groups to the specified Auto Scaling group.

       This operation is used with the following load balancer types:

       o Application  Load Balancer - Operates at the application layer (layer
         7) and supports HTTP and HTTPS.

       o Network Load Balancer - Operates at the transport layer (layer 4) and
         supports TCP, TLS, and UDP.

       o Gateway Load Balancer - Operates at the network layer (layer 3).

       To  describe the target groups for an Auto Scaling group, call the  De-
       scribeLoadBalancerTargetGroups API. To detach the target group from the
       Auto Scaling group, call the  DetachLoadBalancerTargetGroups API.

       This  operation  is additive and does not detach existing target groups
       or Classic Load Balancers from the Auto Scaling group.

       For more information, see Use  Elastic  Load  Balancing  to  distribute
       traffic  across  the instances in your Auto Scaling group in the Amazon
       EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-load-balancer-target-groups
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --target-group-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --target-group-arns (list)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the target groups. You can  spec-
          ify  up  to  10 target groups. To get the ARN of a target group, use
          the Elastic Load Balancing DescribeTargetGroups API operation.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To attach a target group to an Auto Scaling group

       This example attaches the specified target group to the specified  Auto
       Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling attach-load-balancer-target-groups \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --target-group-arns arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-targets/73e2d6bc24d8a067

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Elastic Load Balancing and Amazon EC2 Auto
       Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()
