ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()                                ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()



NAME
       attach-load-balancers -

DESCRIPTION
       NOTE:
          To  attach  an  Application Load Balancer, Network Load Balancer, or
          Gateway Load Balancer, use the   AttachLoadBalancerTargetGroups  API
          operation instead.

       Attaches one or more Classic Load Balancers to the specified Auto Scal-
       ing group. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling registers the running instances with
       these Classic Load Balancers.

       To describe the load balancers for an Auto Scaling group, call the  De-
       scribeLoadBalancers API. To detach the  load  balancer  from  the  Auto
       Scaling group, call the  DetachLoadBalancers API.

       This  operation  is  additive and does not detach existing Classic Load
       Balancers or target groups from the Auto Scaling group.

       For more information, see Elastic Load Balancing and  Amazon  EC2  Auto
       Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-load-balancers
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --load-balancer-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --load-balancer-names (list)
          The  names of the load balancers. You can specify up to 10 load bal-
          ancers.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To attach a Classic Load Balancer to an Auto Scaling group

       This example attaches the specified Classic Load Balancer to the speci-
       fied Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling attach-load-balancers \
              --load-balancer-names my-load-balancer \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Elastic Load Balancing and Amazon EC2 Auto
       Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       ATTACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()
