CANCEL-INSTANCE-REFRESH()                            CANCEL-INSTANCE-REFRESH()



NAME
       cancel-instance-refresh -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels  an  instance  refresh operation in progress. Cancellation does
       not roll back any replacements that have already been completed, but it
       prevents new replacements from being started.

       This  operation  is  part of the instance refresh feature in Amazon EC2
       Auto Scaling, which helps you update instances  in  your  Auto  Scaling
       group after you make configuration changes.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-instance-refresh
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To cancel an instance refresh

       The following cancel-instance-refresh example cancels an  instance  re-
       fresh operation in progress.

          aws autoscaling cancel-instance-refresh \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       Output:

          {
              "InstanceRefreshId": "08b91cf7-8fa6-48af-b6a6-d227f40f1b9b"
          }

       For  more information, see Replacing Auto Scaling instances based on an
       instance refresh in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       InstanceRefreshId -> (string)
          The instance refresh ID.



                                                     CANCEL-INSTANCE-REFRESH()
