COMPLETE-LIFECYCLE-ACTION()                        COMPLETE-LIFECYCLE-ACTION()



NAME
       complete-lifecycle-action -

DESCRIPTION
       Completes the lifecycle action for the specified token or instance with
       the specified result.

       This step is a part of the procedure for adding a lifecycle hook to  an
       Auto Scaling group:

       o (Optional)  Create  a  launch template or launch configuration with a
         user data script that runs while an instance is in a wait  state  due
         to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional)  Create  a  Lambda  function and a rule that allows Amazon
         EventBridge to invoke your Lambda function when an  instance  is  put
         into a wait state due to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional)  Create  a notification target and an IAM role. The target
         can be either an Amazon SQS queue or an Amazon SNS  topic.  The  role
         allows  Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to publish lifecycle notifications to
         the target.

       o Create the lifecycle hook. Specify whether the hook is used when  the
         instances launch or terminate.

       o If  you need more time, record the lifecycle action heartbeat to keep
         the instance in a wait state.

       o If you finish before the timeout period ends, send a callback by  us-
         ing the  CompleteLifecycleAction API call.

       For  more  information,  see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            complete-lifecycle-action
          --lifecycle-hook-name <value>
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--lifecycle-action-token <value>]
          --lifecycle-action-result <value>
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lifecycle-hook-name (string)
          The name of the lifecycle hook.

       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --lifecycle-action-token (string)
          A universally unique identifier (UUID) that  identifies  a  specific
          lifecycle  action associated with an instance. Amazon EC2 Auto Scal-
          ing sends this token to the notification target you  specified  when
          you created the lifecycle hook.

       --lifecycle-action-result (string)
          The  action for the group to take. This parameter can be either CON-
          TINUE or ABANDON .

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To complete the lifecycle action

       This example notifies Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling that the specified  life-
       cycle action is complete so that it can finish launching or terminating
       the instance.

          aws autoscaling complete-lifecycle-action \
              --lifecycle-hook-name my-launch-hook \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --lifecycle-action-result CONTINUE \
              --lifecycle-action-token bcd2f1b8-9a78-44d3-8a7a-4dd07d7cf635

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling  lifecycle  hooks  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   COMPLETE-LIFECYCLE-ACTION()
