DELETE-LAUNCH-CONFIGURATION()                    DELETE-LAUNCH-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       delete-launch-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified launch configuration.

       The launch configuration must not be attached to an Auto Scaling group.
       When this call completes, the launch configuration is no longer  avail-
       able for use.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-launch-configuration
          --launch-configuration-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --launch-configuration-name (string)
          The name of the launch configuration.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a launch configuration

       This example deletes the specified launch configuration.

          aws autoscaling delete-launch-configuration \
              --launch-configuration-name my-launch-config

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Deleting your Auto Scaling infrastructure in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-LAUNCH-CONFIGURATION()
