DELETE-WARM-POOL()                                          DELETE-WARM-POOL()



NAME
       delete-warm-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the warm pool for the specified Auto Scaling group.

       For more information, see Warm pools for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the
       Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-warm-pool
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          Specifies that the warm pool is to be deleted along with all of  its
          associated instances, without waiting for all instances to be termi-
          nated. This parameter also deletes any outstanding lifecycle actions
          associated with the warm pool instances.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To delete a warm pool

       The  following  example  deletes  the  warm pool for the specified Auto
       Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling delete-warm-pool \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Warm pools for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the
       Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

       Example 2: To force delete a warm pool

       To delete the warm pool without waiting for its instances to terminate,
       use the --force-delete option.

          aws autoscaling delete-warm-pool \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --force-delete

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Warm pools for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the
       Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-WARM-POOL()
