DELETE-AUTO-SCALING-GROUP()                        DELETE-AUTO-SCALING-GROUP()



NAME
       delete-auto-scaling-group -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified Auto Scaling group.

       If  the group has instances or scaling activities in progress, you must
       specify the option to force the deletion in order for it to succeed.

       If the group has policies, deleting the group deletes the policies, the
       underlying  alarm  actions, and any alarm that no longer has an associ-
       ated action.

       To remove instances from the Auto Scaling  group  before  deleting  it,
       call the  DetachInstances API with the list of instances and the option
       to decrement the desired capacity. This ensures that  Amazon  EC2  Auto
       Scaling does not launch replacement instances.

       To terminate all instances before deleting the Auto Scaling group, call
       the  UpdateAutoScalingGroup API and set the minimum  size  and  desired
       capacity of the Auto Scaling group to zero.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-auto-scaling-group
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          Specifies  that  the group is to be deleted along with all instances
          associated with the group, without waiting for all instances  to  be
          terminated.  This  parameter  also deletes any outstanding lifecycle
          actions associated with the group.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To delete the specified Auto Scaling group

       This example deletes the specified Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling delete-auto-scaling-group \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting your Auto Scaling infrastructure  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

       Example 2: To force delete the specified Auto Scaling group

       To  delete  the Auto Scaling group without waiting for the instances in
       the group to terminate, use the --force-delete option.

          aws autoscaling delete-auto-scaling-group \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --force-delete

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Deleting your Auto Scaling infrastructure  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   DELETE-AUTO-SCALING-GROUP()
