DELETE-POLICY()                                                DELETE-POLICY()



NAME
       delete-policy -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified scaling policy.

       Deleting  either  a  step  scaling  policy  or  a simple scaling policy
       deletes the underlying alarm action, but does  not  delete  the  alarm,
       even if it no longer has an associated action.

       For  more  information, see Deleting a scaling policy in the Amazon EC2
       Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-policy
          [--auto-scaling-group-name <value>]
          --policy-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --policy-name (string)
          The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the policy.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a scaling policy

       This example deletes the specified scaling policy.

          aws autoscaling delete-policy \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --policy-name alb1000-target-tracking-scaling-policy

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-POLICY()
