DESCRIBE-LOAD-BALANCERS()                            DESCRIBE-LOAD-BALANCERS()



NAME
       describe-load-balancers -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  information about the load balancers for the specified Auto Scal-
       ing group.

       This operation describes only Classic Load Balancers. If you  have  Ap-
       plication  Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers, or Gateway Load Bal-
       ancers, use the  DescribeLoadBalancerTargetGroups API instead.

       To determine the availability of registered instances,  use  the  State
       element  in  the  response.  When you attach a load balancer to an Auto
       Scaling group, the initial State value is Adding .  The  state  transi-
       tions to Added after all Auto Scaling instances are registered with the
       load balancer. If Elastic Load Balancing health checks are enabled  for
       the  Auto  Scaling  group,  the state transitions to InService after at
       least one Auto Scaling instance passes the health check. When the  load
       balancer  is in the InService state, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can termi-
       nate and replace any instances that are reported as  unhealthy.  If  no
       registered  instances pass the health checks, the load balancer doesn't
       enter the InService state.

       Load balancers also have an InService state if you attach them  in  the
       CreateAutoScalingGroup  API call. If your load balancer state is InSer-
       vice , but it is not working properly, check the scaling activities  by
       calling  DescribeScalingActivities and take any corrective actions nec-
       essary.

       For help with failed health checks, see Troubleshooting Amazon EC2 Auto
       Scaling:  Health checks in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide . For
       more information, see Elastic Load Balancing and Amazon EC2 Auto  Scal-
       ing in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-load-balancers  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: LoadBalancers

SYNOPSIS
            describe-load-balancers
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To describe the Classic Load Balancers for an Auto Scaling group

       This  example  describes  the  Classic Load Balancers for the specified
       Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling describe-load-balancers \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       Output:

          {
              "LoadBalancers": [
                  {
                      "State": "Added",
                      "LoadBalancerName": "my-load-balancer"
                  }
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       LoadBalancers -> (list)
          The load balancers.

          (structure)
              Describes the state of a Classic Load Balancer.

              LoadBalancerName -> (string)
                 The name of the load balancer.

              State -> (string)
                 One of the following load balancer states:

                 o Adding - The Auto Scaling instances  are  being  registered
                   with the load balancer.

                 o Added  - All Auto Scaling instances are registered with the
                   load balancer.

                 o InService - At least one Auto Scaling  instance  passed  an
                   ELB health check.

                 o Removing  -  The  Auto Scaling instances are being deregis-
                   tered from the load balancer. If connection draining is en-
                   abled,  Elastic Load Balancing waits for in-flight requests
                   to complete before deregistering the instances.

                 o Removed - All Auto Scaling instances are deregistered  from
                   the load balancer.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  string  that indicates that the response contains more items than
          can be returned in a single response. To receive  additional  items,
          specify this string for the NextToken value when requesting the next
          set of items. This value is null when there are no more items to re-
          turn.



                                                     DESCRIBE-LOAD-BALANCERS()
