DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()      DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()



NAME
       detach-load-balancer-target-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  one  or  more  target  groups from the specified Auto Scaling
       group.

       When you detach a target group, it  enters  the  Removing  state  while
       deregistering the instances in the group. When all instances are dereg-
       istered, then you can no longer describe the  target  group  using  the
       DescribeLoadBalancerTargetGroups  API  call.  The instances remain run-
       ning.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-load-balancer-target-groups
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --target-group-arns <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --target-group-arns (list)
          The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the target groups. You can  spec-
          ify up to 10 target groups.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To detach a load balancer target group from an Auto Scaling group

       This example detaches the specified load balancer target group from the
       specified Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling detach-load-balancer-target-groups \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --target-group-arns arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:us-west-2:123456789012:targetgroup/my-targets/73e2d6bc24d8a067

       This command produces no output

       For more information, see Attaching a load balancer to your Auto  Scal-
       ing group in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                          DETACH-LOAD-BALANCER-TARGET-GROUPS()
