DETACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()                                DETACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()



NAME
       detach-load-balancers -

DESCRIPTION
       Detaches  one  or  more  Classic Load Balancers from the specified Auto
       Scaling group.

       This operation detaches only Classic Load Balancers. If you have Appli-
       cation  Load  Balancers,  Network  Load Balancers, or Gateway Load Bal-
       ancer, use the  DetachLoadBalancerTargetGroups API instead.

       When you detach a load balancer, it enters  the  Removing  state  while
       deregistering the instances in the group. When all instances are dereg-
       istered, then you can no longer describe the load  balancer  using  the
       DescribeLoadBalancers API call. The instances remain running.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-load-balancers
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --load-balancer-names <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --load-balancer-names (list)
          The  names of the load balancers. You can specify up to 10 load bal-
          ancers.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To detach a Classic Load Balancer from an Auto Scaling group

       This example detaches the specified  Classic  Load  Balancer  from  the
       specified Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling detach-load-balancers \
              --load-balancer-names my-load-balancer \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Attaching a load balancer to your Auto Scal-
       ing group in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                       DETACH-LOAD-BALANCERS()
