PUT-LIFECYCLE-HOOK()                                      PUT-LIFECYCLE-HOOK()



NAME
       put-lifecycle-hook -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or  updates  a  lifecycle  hook for the specified Auto Scaling
       group.

       Lifecycle hooks let you create solutions that are aware  of  events  in
       the  Auto  Scaling instance lifecycle, and then perform a custom action
       on instances when the corresponding lifecycle event occurs.

       This step is a part of the procedure for adding a lifecycle hook to  an
       Auto Scaling group:

       o (Optional)  Create  a  launch template or launch configuration with a
         user data script that runs while an instance is in a wait  state  due
         to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional)  Create  a  Lambda  function and a rule that allows Amazon
         EventBridge to invoke your Lambda function when an  instance  is  put
         into a wait state due to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional)  Create  a notification target and an IAM role. The target
         can be either an Amazon SQS queue or an Amazon SNS  topic.  The  role
         allows  Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to publish lifecycle notifications to
         the target.

       o Create the lifecycle hook. Specify whether the hook is used when  the
         instances launch or terminate.

       o If  you need more time, record the lifecycle action heartbeat to keep
         the instance in a wait state using  the   RecordLifecycleActionHeart-
         beat API call.

       o If  you finish before the timeout period ends, send a callback by us-
         ing the  CompleteLifecycleAction API call.

       For more information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling  lifecycle  hooks  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       If  you  exceed your maximum limit of lifecycle hooks, which by default
       is 50 per Auto Scaling group, the call fails.

       You can view the lifecycle hooks for an Auto Scaling  group  using  the
       DescribeLifecycleHooks API call. If you are no longer using a lifecycle
       hook, you can delete it by calling the  DeleteLifecycleHook API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-lifecycle-hook
          --lifecycle-hook-name <value>
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--lifecycle-transition <value>]
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--notification-target-arn <value>]
          [--notification-metadata <value>]
          [--heartbeat-timeout <value>]
          [--default-result <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lifecycle-hook-name (string)
          The name of the lifecycle hook.

       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --lifecycle-transition (string)
          The instance state to which you want to attach the  lifecycle  hook.
          The valid values are:

          o autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING

          o autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_TERMINATING

          Required  for new lifecycle hooks, but optional when updating exist-
          ing hooks.

       --role-arn (string)
          The ARN of the IAM role that allows the Auto Scaling group  to  pub-
          lish to the specified notification target.

          Valid  only  if the notification target is an Amazon SNS topic or an
          Amazon SQS queue. Required for new  lifecycle  hooks,  but  optional
          when updating existing hooks.

       --notification-target-arn (string)
          The ARN of the notification target that Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses
          to notify you when an instance is in the transition  state  for  the
          lifecycle  hook.  This  target  can be either an SQS queue or an SNS
          topic.

          If you specify an empty string, this overrides the current ARN.

          This operation uses the JSON format when sending notifications to an
          Amazon  SQS  queue,  and an email key-value pair format when sending
          notifications to an Amazon SNS topic.

          When you specify a notification  target,  Amazon  EC2  Auto  Scaling
          sends  it  a test message. Test messages contain the following addi-
          tional key-value pair: "Event": "autoscaling:TEST_NOTIFICATION" .

       --notification-metadata (string)
          Additional information that you want to include any time Amazon  EC2
          Auto Scaling sends a message to the notification target.

       --heartbeat-timeout (integer)
          The  maximum  time, in seconds, that can elapse before the lifecycle
          hook times out. The range is from 30 to 7200  seconds.  The  default
          value is 3600 seconds (1 hour).

          If  the  lifecycle  hook times out, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling performs
          the action that you specified in the  DefaultResult  parameter.  You
          can  prevent  the  lifecycle  hook  from  timing  out by calling the
          RecordLifecycleActionHeartbeat API.

       --default-result (string)
          Defines the action the Auto Scaling group should take when the life-
          cycle  hook timeout elapses or if an unexpected failure occurs. This
          parameter can be either CONTINUE or ABANDON . The default  value  is
          ABANDON .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To create a lifecycle hook

       This example creates a lifecycle hook that will  invoke  on  any  newly
       launched  instances, with a timeout of 4800 seconds. This is useful for
       keeping the instances in a wait state until the user data scripts  have
       finished, or for invoking an AWS Lambda function using EventBridge.

          aws autoscaling put-lifecycle-hook \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --lifecycle-hook-name my-launch-hook \
              --lifecycle-transition autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING \
              --heartbeat-timeout 4800

       This  command  produces  no  output.  If a lifecycle hook with the same
       name already exists, it will be overwritten by the new lifecycle hook.

       For more information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling  lifecycle  hooks  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

       Example  2:  To  send  an Amazon SNS email message to notify you of in-
       stance state transitions

       This example creates a lifecycle hook with the Amazon SNS topic and IAM
       role to use to receive notification at instance launch.

          aws autoscaling put-lifecycle-hook \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --lifecycle-hook-name my-launch-hook \
              --lifecycle-transition autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING \
              --notification-target-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-sns-topic \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/my-auto-scaling-role

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

       Example 3: To publish a message to an Amazon SQS queue

       This example creates a lifecycle hook that  publishes  a  message  with
       metadata to the specified Amazon SQS queue.

          aws autoscaling put-lifecycle-hook \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --lifecycle-hook-name my-launch-hook \
              --lifecycle-transition autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING \
              --notification-target-arn arn:aws:sqs:us-west-2:123456789012:my-sqs-queue \
              --role-arn arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/my-notification-role \
              --notification-metadata "SQS message metadata"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more  information,  see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                          PUT-LIFECYCLE-HOOK()
