PUT-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()              PUT-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       put-notification-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Configures  an  Auto Scaling group to send notifications when specified
       events take place. Subscribers to the specified topic can have messages
       delivered to an endpoint such as a web server or an email address.

       This configuration overwrites any existing configuration.

       For  more  information,  see Getting Amazon SNS notifications when your
       Auto Scaling group scales in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       If you exceed your maximum limit of SNS topics, which is  10  per  Auto
       Scaling group, the call fails.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-notification-configuration
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --topic-arn <value>
          --notification-types <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --topic-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic.

       --notification-types (list)
          The  type of event that causes the notification to be sent. To query
          the notification types supported by Amazon EC2  Auto  Scaling,  call
          the  DescribeAutoScalingNotificationTypes API.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To add a notification

       This  example  adds  the  specified  notification to the specified Auto
       Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling put-notification-configuration \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --topic-arn arn:aws:sns:us-west-2:123456789012:my-sns-topic \
              --notification-type autoscaling:TEST_NOTIFICATION

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Getting Amazon SNS  notifications  when  your
       Auto Scaling group scales in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              PUT-NOTIFICATION-CONFIGURATION()
