RECORD-LIFECYCLE-ACTION-HEARTBEAT()        RECORD-LIFECYCLE-ACTION-HEARTBEAT()



NAME
       record-lifecycle-action-heartbeat -

DESCRIPTION
       Records a heartbeat for the lifecycle action associated with the speci-
       fied token or instance. This extends the timeout by the length of  time
       defined using the  PutLifecycleHook API call.

       This  step is a part of the procedure for adding a lifecycle hook to an
       Auto Scaling group:

       o (Optional) Create a launch template or launch  configuration  with  a
         user  data  script that runs while an instance is in a wait state due
         to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional) Create a Lambda function and a  rule  that  allows  Amazon
         EventBridge  to  invoke  your Lambda function when an instance is put
         into a wait state due to a lifecycle hook.

       o (Optional) Create a notification target and an IAM role.  The  target
         can  be  either  an Amazon SQS queue or an Amazon SNS topic. The role
         allows Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to publish lifecycle notifications  to
         the target.

       o Create  the lifecycle hook. Specify whether the hook is used when the
         instances launch or terminate.

       o If you need more time, record the lifecycle action heartbeat to  keep
         the instance in a wait state.

       o If  you finish before the timeout period ends, send a callback by us-
         ing the  CompleteLifecycleAction API call.

       For more information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling  lifecycle  hooks  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            record-lifecycle-action-heartbeat
          --lifecycle-hook-name <value>
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--lifecycle-action-token <value>]
          [--instance-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --lifecycle-hook-name (string)
          The name of the lifecycle hook.

       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --lifecycle-action-token (string)
          A token that uniquely identifies a specific lifecycle action associ-
          ated with an instance. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling sends this  token  to
          the  notification  target  that  you  specified when you created the
          lifecycle hook.

       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To record a lifecycle action heartbeat

       This  example records a lifecycle action heartbeat to keep the instance
       in a pending state.

          aws autoscaling record-lifecycle-action-heartbeat \
              --lifecycle-hook-name my-launch-hook \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --lifecycle-action-token bcd2f1b8-9a78-44d3-8a7a-4dd07d7cf635

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling  lifecycle  hooks  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                           RECORD-LIFECYCLE-ACTION-HEARTBEAT()
