RESUME-PROCESSES()                                          RESUME-PROCESSES()



NAME
       resume-processes -

DESCRIPTION
       Resumes  the  specified  suspended  auto scaling processes, or all sus-
       pended process, for the specified Auto Scaling group.

       For more information, see Suspending and resuming scaling processes  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resume-processes
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          [--scaling-processes <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --scaling-processes (list)
          One or more of the following processes:

          o Launch

          o Terminate

          o AddToLoadBalancer

          o AlarmNotification

          o AZRebalance

          o HealthCheck

          o InstanceRefresh

          o ReplaceUnhealthy

          o ScheduledActions

          If you omit this parameter, all processes are specified.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To resume suspended processes

       This  example  resumes  the specified suspended scaling process for the
       specified Auto Scaling group.

          aws autoscaling resume-processes \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --scaling-processes AlarmNotification

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Suspending and resuming scaling processes  in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            RESUME-PROCESSES()
