SET-INSTANCE-PROTECTION()                            SET-INSTANCE-PROTECTION()



NAME
       set-instance-protection -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  instance  protection settings of the specified instances.
       This operation cannot be called on instances in a warm pool.

       For more information about preventing instances that  are  part  of  an
       Auto  Scaling  group  from  terminating on scale in, see Using instance
       scale-in protection in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       If you exceed your maximum limit of instance IDs, which is 50 per  Auto
       Scaling group, the call fails.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-instance-protection
          --instance-ids <value>
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --protected-from-scale-in | --no-protected-from-scale-in
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-ids (list)
          One or more instance IDs. You can specify up to 50 instances.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --protected-from-scale-in | --no-protected-from-scale-in (boolean)
          Indicates whether the instance is protected from termination by Ama-
          zon EC2 Auto Scaling when scaling in.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       Example 1: To enable the instance protection setting for an instance

       This example enables instance protection for the specified instance.

          aws autoscaling set-instance-protection \
              --instance-ids i-061c63c5eb45f0416 \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg --protected-from-scale-in

       This command produces no output.

       Example 2: To disable the instance protection setting for an instance

       This example disables instance protection for the specified instance.

          aws autoscaling set-instance-protection \
              --instance-ids i-061c63c5eb45f0416 \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --no-protected-from-scale-in

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     SET-INSTANCE-PROTECTION()
