SET-INSTANCE-HEALTH()                                    SET-INSTANCE-HEALTH()



NAME
       set-instance-health -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the health status of the specified instance.

       For  more  information, see Health checks for Auto Scaling instances in
       the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-instance-health
          --instance-id <value>
          --health-status <value>
          [--should-respect-grace-period | --no-should-respect-grace-period]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The ID of the instance.

       --health-status (string)
          The health status of the instance. Set to Healthy to  have  the  in-
          stance  remain  in service. Set to Unhealthy to have the instance be
          out of service. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling terminates and replaces  the
          unhealthy instance.

       --should-respect-grace-period | --no-should-respect-grace-period (bool-
       ean)
          If  the  Auto  Scaling  group  of  the  specified  instance  has   a
          HealthCheckGracePeriod  specified  for  the  group, by default, this
          call respects the grace period. Set this to False , to have the call
          not respect the grace period associated with the group.

          For  more  information  about  the  health  check  grace period, see
          CreateAutoScalingGroup in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling API  Reference
          .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the health status of an instance

       This  example  sets  the health status of the specified instance to Un-
       healthy.

          aws autoscaling set-instance-health \
              --instance-id i-061c63c5eb45f0416 \
              --health-status Unhealthy

       This command produces no output.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         SET-INSTANCE-HEALTH()
