SET-DESIRED-CAPACITY()                                  SET-DESIRED-CAPACITY()



NAME
       set-desired-capacity -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the size of the specified Auto Scaling group.

       If  a  scale-in  activity  occurs  as a result of a new DesiredCapacity
       value that is lower than the current size of the group, the Auto  Scal-
       ing  group  uses its termination policy to determine which instances to
       terminate.

       For more information, see Manual scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
       User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-desired-capacity
          --auto-scaling-group-name <value>
          --desired-capacity <value>
          [--honor-cooldown | --no-honor-cooldown]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --auto-scaling-group-name (string)
          The name of the Auto Scaling group.

       --desired-capacity (integer)
          The  desired  capacity  is  the initial capacity of the Auto Scaling
          group after this operation completes and the capacity it attempts to
          maintain.

       --honor-cooldown | --no-honor-cooldown (boolean)
          Indicates whether Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling waits for the cooldown pe-
          riod to complete before initiating a scaling activity  to  set  your
          Auto  Scaling group to its new capacity. By default, Amazon EC2 Auto
          Scaling does not honor the cooldown period during manual scaling ac-
          tivities.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To set the desired capacity for an Auto Scaling group

       This  example  sets the desired capacity for the specified Auto Scaling
       group.

          aws autoscaling set-desired-capacity \
              --auto-scaling-group-name my-asg \
              --desired-capacity 2 \
              --honor-cooldown

       This command returns to the prompt if successful.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        SET-DESIRED-CAPACITY()
