REMOVE-FLOW-VPC-INTERFACE()                        REMOVE-FLOW-VPC-INTERFACE()



NAME
       remove-flow-vpc-interface -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes a VPC Interface from an existing flow. This request can be made
       only on a VPC interface that does not have a Source or  Output  associ-
       ated with it. If the VPC interface is referenced by a Source or Output,
       you must first delete or update the Source or Output to no longer  ref-
       erence the VPC interface.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            remove-flow-vpc-interface
          --flow-arn <value>
          --vpc-interface-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --flow-arn  (string)  The  flow that you want to remove a VPC interface
       from.

       --vpc-interface-name (string) The name of the VPC  interface  that  you
       want to remove.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FlowArn -> (string)
          The  ARN  of  the flow that is associated with the VPC interface you
          removed.

       NonDeletedNetworkInterfaceIds -> (list)
          IDs of network interfaces associated with the removed VPC  interface
          that Media Connect was unable to remove.

          (string)

       VpcInterfaceName -> (string)
          The name of the VPC interface that was removed.



                                                   REMOVE-FLOW-VPC-INTERFACE()
