GET-DISCOVERED-SCHEMA()                                GET-DISCOVERED-SCHEMA()



NAME
       get-discovered-schema -

DESCRIPTION
       Get the discovered schema that was generated based on sampled events.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-discovered-schema
          --events <value>
          --type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --events (list)
          An array of strings where each string is a JSON event. These are the
          events that were used to generate the schema. The array  includes  a
          single type of event and has a maximum size of 10 events.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --type (string)
          The type of event.

          Possible values:

          o OpenApi3

          o JSONSchemaDraft4

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Content -> (string)
          The source of the schema definition.



                                                       GET-DISCOVERED-SCHEMA()
