CREATE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()                    CREATE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       create-worker-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a worker configuration using the specified properties.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-worker-configuration
          [--description <value>]
          --name <value>
          --properties-file-content <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --description (string)
          A summary description of the worker configuration.

       --name (string)
          The name of the worker configuration.

       --properties-file-content (string)
          Base64 encoded contents of connect-distributed.properties file.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time that the worker configuration was created.

       latestRevision -> (structure)
          The latest revision of the worker configuration.

          creationTime -> (timestamp)
              The time that a worker configuration revision was created.

          description -> (string)
              The description of a worker configuration revision.

          revision -> (long)
              The revision of a worker configuration.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the worker configuration.

       workerConfigurationArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) that Amazon assigned to the worker
          configuration.



                                                 CREATE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()
