DESCRIBE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()                DESCRIBE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()



NAME
       describe-worker-configuration -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about a worker configuration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-worker-configuration
          --worker-configuration-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --worker-configuration-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the worker configuration that you
          want to get information about.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       creationTime -> (timestamp)
          The time that the worker configuration was created.

       description -> (string)
          The description of the worker configuration.

       latestRevision -> (structure)
          The latest revision of the custom configuration.

          creationTime -> (timestamp)
              The time that the worker configuration was created.

          description -> (string)
              The description of the worker configuration revision.

          propertiesFileContent -> (string)
              Base64 encoded contents  of  the  connect-distributed.properties
              file.

          revision -> (long)
              The description of a revision of the worker configuration.

       name -> (string)
          The name of the worker configuration.

       workerConfigurationArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom configuration.



                                               DESCRIBE-WORKER-CONFIGURATION()
