EVALUATE-MAPPING-TEMPLATE()                        EVALUATE-MAPPING-TEMPLATE()



NAME
       evaluate-mapping-template -

DESCRIPTION
       Evaluates  a  given template and returns the response. The mapping tem-
       plate can be a request or response template.

       Request templates take the incoming request after a  GraphQL  operation
       is  parsed and convert it into a request configuration for the selected
       data source operation. Response templates interpret responses from  the
       data source and map it to the shape of the GraphQL field output type.

       Mapping  templates are written in the Apache Velocity Template Language
       (VTL).

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            evaluate-mapping-template
          --template <value>
          --context <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --template (string)
          The mapping template; this can be a request or response template.  A
          template is required for this action.

       --context (string)
          The  map  that  holds all of the contextual information for your re-
          solver invocation. A context is required for this action.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       evaluationResult -> (string)
          The mapping template; this can be a request or response template.

       error -> (structure)
          The ErrorDetail object.

          message -> (string)
              The error payload.



                                                   EVALUATE-MAPPING-TEMPLATE()
