LIST-API-KEYS()                                                LIST-API-KEYS()



NAME
       list-api-keys -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the API keys for a given API.

       NOTE:
          API  keys  are deleted automatically 60 days after they expire. How-
          ever, they may still be included in the response until they have ac-
          tually  been  deleted.  You can safely call DeleteApiKey to manually
          delete a key before it's automatically deleted.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-api-keys is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: apiKeys

SYNOPSIS
            list-api-keys
          --api-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --api-id (string)
          The API ID.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       apiKeys -> (list)
          The ApiKey objects.

          (structure)
              Describes an API key.

              Customers invoke AppSync GraphQL API operations with API keys as
              an identity mechanism. There are two key versions:
                 da1  : We introduced this version at launch in November 2017.
                 These keys always expire after 7 days.  Amazon  DynamoDB  TTL
                 manages  key  expiration. These keys ceased to be valid after
                 February 21, 2018, and they should no longer be used.

              o ListApiKeys returns the expiration time in milliseconds.

              o CreateApiKey returns the expiration time in milliseconds.

              o UpdateApiKey is not available for this key version.

              o DeleteApiKey deletes the item from the table.

              o Expiration is stored in DynamoDB as milliseconds. This results
                in  a bug where keys are not automatically deleted because Dy-
                namoDB expects the TTL to be stored in seconds. As a  one-time
                action,  we  deleted these keys from the table on February 21,
                2018.
                 da2 : We introduced this version in February 2018  when  App-
                 Sync added support to extend key expiration.

              o ListApiKeys  returns  the expiration time and deletion time in
                seconds.

              o CreateApiKey returns the expiration time and deletion time  in
                seconds  and  accepts  a user-provided expiration time in sec-
                onds.

              o UpdateApiKey returns the expiration time and and deletion time
                in seconds and accepts a user-provided expiration time in sec-
                onds. Expired API keys are kept for 60 days after the  expira-
                tion  time.  You can update the key expiration time as long as
                the key isn't deleted.

              o DeleteApiKey deletes the item from the table.

              o Expiration is stored in DynamoDB as seconds. After the expira-
                tion  time,  using the key to authenticate will fail. However,
                you can reinstate the key before deletion.

              o Deletion is stored in DynamoDB as seconds. The key is  deleted
                after deletion time.

              id -> (string)
                 The API key ID.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the purpose of the API key.

              expires -> (long)
                 The  time after which the API key expires. The date is repre-
                 sented as seconds since the epoch, rounded down to the  near-
                 est hour.

              deletes -> (long)
                 The time after which the API key is deleted. The date is rep-
                 resented as seconds since the  epoch,  rounded  down  to  the
                 nearest hour.

       nextToken -> (string)
          An  identifier  to pass in the next request to this operation to re-
          turn the next set of items in the list.



                                                               LIST-API-KEYS()
