CREATE-FARGATE-PROFILE()                              CREATE-FARGATE-PROFILE()



NAME
       create-fargate-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  an  Fargate profile for your Amazon EKS cluster. You must have
       at least one Fargate profile in a cluster to be able  to  run  pods  on
       Fargate.

       The  Fargate  profile allows an administrator to declare which pods run
       on Fargate and specify which pods run on which  Fargate  profile.  This
       declaration  is  done  through the profiles selectors. Each profile can
       have up to five selectors that contain a namespace and labels. A  name-
       space  is required for every selector. The label field consists of mul-
       tiple optional key-value pairs.  Pods  that  match  the  selectors  are
       scheduled  on  Fargate. If a to-be-scheduled pod matches any of the se-
       lectors in the Fargate profile, then that pod is run on Fargate.

       When you create a Fargate profile, you must  specify  a  pod  execution
       role  to  use  with  the pods that are scheduled with the profile. This
       role is added to the cluster's Kubernetes  Role  Based  Access  Control
       (RBAC)  for  authorization  so  that the kubelet that is running on the
       Fargate infrastructure can register with your  Amazon  EKS  cluster  so
       that  it  can  appear in your cluster as a node. The pod execution role
       also provides IAM permissions to the Fargate  infrastructure  to  allow
       read access to Amazon ECR image repositories. For more information, see
       Pod Execution Role in the Amazon EKS User Guide .

       Fargate profiles are immutable. However, you can create a  new  updated
       profile to replace an existing profile and then delete the original af-
       ter the updated profile has finished creating.

       If any Fargate profiles in a cluster are in the  DELETING  status,  you
       must  wait  for  that Fargate profile to finish deleting before you can
       create any other profiles in that cluster.

       For more information, see Fargate Profile in the Amazon EKS User  Guide
       .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-fargate-profile
          --fargate-profile-name <value>
          --cluster-name <value>
          --pod-execution-role-arn <value>
          [--subnets <value>]
          [--selectors <value>]
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --fargate-profile-name (string)
          The name of the Fargate profile.

       --cluster-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon EKS cluster to apply the Fargate profile to.

       --pod-execution-role-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pod execution role to use for
          pods that match the selectors in the Fargate profile. The pod execu-
          tion  role allows Fargate infrastructure to register with your clus-
          ter as a node, and it provides  read  access  to  Amazon  ECR  image
          repositories.  For  more  information, see Pod Execution Role in the
          Amazon EKS User Guide .

       --subnets (list)
          The IDs of subnets to launch your pods into. At this time, pods run-
          ning  on  Fargate are not assigned public IP addresses, so only pri-
          vate subnets (with no direct route to an Internet Gateway)  are  ac-
          cepted for this parameter.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --selectors (list)
          The  selectors  to  match for pods to use this Fargate profile. Each
          selector must have an associated namespace. Optionally, you can also
          specify labels for a namespace. You may specify up to five selectors
          in a Fargate profile.

          (structure)
              An object representing an Fargate profile selector.

              namespace -> (string)
                 The Kubernetes namespace that the selector should match.

              labels -> (map)
                 The Kubernetes labels that the selector should match.  A  pod
                 must  contain all of the labels that are specified in the se-
                 lector for it to be considered a match.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          namespace=string,labels={KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string} ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "namespace": "string",
              "labels": {"string": "string"
                ...}
            }
            ...
          ]

       --client-request-token (string)
          Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you  provide  to  ensure  the
          idempotency of the request.

       --tags (map)
          The  metadata to apply to the Fargate profile to assist with catego-
          rization and organization. Each tag consists of a  key  and  an  op-
          tional value. You define both. Fargate profile tags do not propagate
          to any other resources associated with the Fargate profile, such  as
          the pods that are scheduled with it.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       fargateProfile -> (structure)
          The full description of your new Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileName -> (string)
              The name of the Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileArn -> (string)
              The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Fargate profile.

          clusterName -> (string)
              The name of the Amazon EKS cluster that the Fargate profile  be-
              longs to.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the Fargate profile
              was created.

          podExecutionRoleArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pod execution role to  use
              for  pods  that  match the selectors in the Fargate profile. For
              more information, see Pod Execution Role in the Amazon EKS  User
              Guide .

          subnets -> (list)
              The IDs of subnets to launch pods into.

              (string)

          selectors -> (list)
              The selectors to match for pods to use this Fargate profile.

              (structure)
                 An object representing an Fargate profile selector.

                 namespace -> (string)
                     The Kubernetes namespace that the selector should match.

                 labels -> (map)
                     The  Kubernetes  labels that the selector should match. A
                     pod must contain all of the labels that are specified  in
                     the selector for it to be considered a match.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the Fargate profile.

          tags -> (map)
              The metadata applied to the Fargate profile to assist with cate-
              gorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key  and  an
              optional  value.  You  define  both. Fargate profile tags do not
              propagate to any other resources  associated  with  the  Fargate
              profile, such as the pods that are scheduled with it.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                      CREATE-FARGATE-PROFILE()
