DELETE-FARGATE-PROFILE()                              DELETE-FARGATE-PROFILE()



NAME
       delete-fargate-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an Fargate profile.

       When  you  delete  a  Fargate profile, any pods running on Fargate that
       were created with the profile are deleted. If those pods match  another
       Fargate  profile, then they are scheduled on Fargate with that profile.
       If they no longer match any Fargate profiles, then they are not  sched-
       uled on Fargate and they may remain in a pending state.

       Only  one Fargate profile in a cluster can be in the DELETING status at
       a time. You must wait for a Fargate profile to finish  deleting  before
       you can delete any other profiles in that cluster.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-fargate-profile
          --cluster-name <value>
          --fargate-profile-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-name (string)
          The  name of the Amazon EKS cluster associated with the Fargate pro-
          file to delete.

       --fargate-profile-name (string)
          The name of the Fargate profile to delete.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       fargateProfile -> (structure)
          The deleted Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileName -> (string)
              The name of the Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileArn -> (string)
              The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Fargate profile.

          clusterName -> (string)
              The  name of the Amazon EKS cluster that the Fargate profile be-
              longs to.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the Fargate profile
              was created.

          podExecutionRoleArn -> (string)
              The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pod execution role to use
              for pods that match the selectors in the  Fargate  profile.  For
              more  information, see Pod Execution Role in the Amazon EKS User
              Guide .

          subnets -> (list)
              The IDs of subnets to launch pods into.

              (string)

          selectors -> (list)
              The selectors to match for pods to use this Fargate profile.

              (structure)
                 An object representing an Fargate profile selector.

                 namespace -> (string)
                     The Kubernetes namespace that the selector should match.

                 labels -> (map)
                     The Kubernetes labels that the selector should  match.  A
                     pod  must contain all of the labels that are specified in
                     the selector for it to be considered a match.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the Fargate profile.

          tags -> (map)
              The metadata applied to the Fargate profile to assist with cate-
              gorization  and  organization. Each tag consists of a key and an
              optional value. You define both. Fargate  profile  tags  do  not
              propagate  to  any  other  resources associated with the Fargate
              profile, such as the pods that are scheduled with it.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                      DELETE-FARGATE-PROFILE()
