DESCRIBE-FARGATE-PROFILE()                          DESCRIBE-FARGATE-PROFILE()



NAME
       describe-fargate-profile -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns descriptive information about an Fargate profile.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-fargate-profile
          --cluster-name <value>
          --fargate-profile-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-name (string)
          The  name of the Amazon EKS cluster associated with the Fargate pro-
          file.

       --fargate-profile-name (string)
          The name of the Fargate profile to describe.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       fargateProfile -> (structure)
          The full description of your Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileName -> (string)
              The name of the Fargate profile.

          fargateProfileArn -> (string)
              The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Fargate profile.

          clusterName -> (string)
              The name of the Amazon EKS cluster that the Fargate profile  be-
              longs to.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the Fargate profile
              was created.

          podExecutionRoleArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the pod execution role to  use
              for  pods  that  match the selectors in the Fargate profile. For
              more information, see Pod Execution Role in the Amazon EKS  User
              Guide .

          subnets -> (list)
              The IDs of subnets to launch pods into.

              (string)

          selectors -> (list)
              The selectors to match for pods to use this Fargate profile.

              (structure)
                 An object representing an Fargate profile selector.

                 namespace -> (string)
                     The Kubernetes namespace that the selector should match.

                 labels -> (map)
                     The  Kubernetes  labels that the selector should match. A
                     pod must contain all of the labels that are specified  in
                     the selector for it to be considered a match.

                     key -> (string)

                     value -> (string)

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the Fargate profile.

          tags -> (map)
              The metadata applied to the Fargate profile to assist with cate-
              gorization and organization. Each tag consists of a key  and  an
              optional  value.  You  define  both. Fargate profile tags do not
              propagate to any other resources  associated  with  the  Fargate
              profile, such as the pods that are scheduled with it.

              key -> (string)

              value -> (string)



                                                    DESCRIBE-FARGATE-PROFILE()
