DISASSOCIATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIG()DISASSOCIATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIG()



NAME
       disassociate-identity-provider-config -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates an identity provider configuration from a cluster. If you
       disassociate an identity provider from your cluster, users included  in
       the  provider  can no longer access the cluster. However, you can still
       access the cluster with Amazon Web Services IAM users.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-identity-provider-config
          --cluster-name <value>
          --identity-provider-config <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cluster-name (string)
          The name of the cluster to disassociate an identity provider from.

       --identity-provider-config (structure)
          An object that represents an identity provider configuration.

          type -> (string)
              The type of the identity provider configuration. The  only  type
              available is oidc .

          name -> (string)
              The name of the identity provider configuration.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          type=string,name=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "type": "string",
            "name": "string"
          }

       --client-request-token (string)
          A  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       update -> (structure)
          An object representing an asynchronous update.

          id -> (string)
              A UUID that is used to track the update.

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the update.

          type -> (string)
              The type of the update.

          params -> (list)
              A key-value map that contains the parameters associated with the
              update.

              (structure)
                 An object representing the details of an update request.

                 type -> (string)
                     The keys associated with an update request.

                 value -> (string)
                     The value of the keys submitted as part of an update  re-
                     quest.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the update was cre-
              ated.

          errors -> (list)
              Any errors associated with a Failed update.

              (structure)
                 An object representing an error when an  asynchronous  opera-
                 tion fails.

                 errorCode -> (string)
                     A brief description of the error.

                     o SubnetNotFound  :  We  couldn't find one of the subnets
                       associated with the cluster.

                     o SecurityGroupNotFound : We couldn't find one of the se-
                       curity groups associated with the cluster.

                     o EniLimitReached  : You have reached the elastic network
                       interface limit for your account.

                     o IpNotAvailable : A subnet associated with  the  cluster
                       doesn't have any free IP addresses.

                     o AccessDenied  :  You  don't have permissions to perform
                       the specified operation.

                     o OperationNotPermitted :  The  service  role  associated
                       with  the cluster doesn't have the required access per-
                       missions for Amazon EKS.

                     o VpcIdNotFound : We couldn't  find  the  VPC  associated
                       with the cluster.

                 errorMessage -> (string)
                     A more complete description of the error.

                 resourceIds -> (list)
                     An  optional field that contains the resource IDs associ-
                     ated with the error.

                     (string)



                                       DISASSOCIATE-IDENTITY-PROVIDER-CONFIG()
