LIST-CLUSTERS()                                                LIST-CLUSTERS()



NAME
       list-clusters -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the  Amazon  EKS clusters in your Amazon Web Services account in
       the specified Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-clusters is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: clusters

SYNOPSIS
            list-clusters
          [--include <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --include (list)
          Indicates  whether  external  clusters  are included in the returned
          list. Use 'all ' to return connected clusters, or  blank  to  return
          only  Amazon  EKS clusters. 'all ' must be in lowercase otherwise an
          error occurs.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list your available clusters

       This  example  command lists all of your available clusters in your de-
       fault region.

       Command:

          aws eks list-clusters

       Output:

          {
              "clusters": [
                  "devel",
                  "prod"
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       clusters -> (list)
          A list of all of the clusters for your account in the specified  Re-
          gion.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The  nextToken  value  to  include in a future ListClusters request.
          When the results of a ListClusters request exceed maxResults  ,  you
          can  use this value to retrieve the next page of results. This value
          is null when there are no more results to return.



                                                               LIST-CLUSTERS()
