LIST-UPDATES()                                                  LIST-UPDATES()



NAME
       list-updates -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the updates associated with an Amazon EKS cluster or managed node
       group in your Amazon Web Services account, in the specified Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-updates is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: updateIds

SYNOPSIS
            list-updates
          --name <value>
          [--nodegroup-name <value>]
          [--addon-name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the Amazon EKS cluster to list updates for.

       --nodegroup-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon EKS managed node group to list updates for.

       --addon-name (string)
          The names of the installed add-ons that have available updates.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the updates for a cluster

       This  example command lists the current updates for a cluster named ex-
       ample in your default region.

       Command:

          aws eks list-updates --name example

       Output:

          {
              "updateIds": [
                  "10bddb13-a71b-425a-b0a6-71cd03e59161"
              ]
          }

OUTPUT
       updateIds -> (list)
          A list of all the updates for the specified cluster and Region.

          (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          The nextToken value to include in a future ListUpdates request. When
          the results of a ListUpdates request exceed maxResults , you can use
          this value to retrieve the next page of results. This value is  null
          when there are no more results to return.



                                                                LIST-UPDATES()
