UPDATE-CLUSTER-VERSION()                              UPDATE-CLUSTER-VERSION()



NAME
       update-cluster-version -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates an Amazon EKS cluster to the specified Kubernetes version. Your
       cluster continues to function during the update.  The  response  output
       includes  an  update  ID  that  you can use to track the status of your
       cluster update with the  DescribeUpdate API operation.

       Cluster updates are asynchronous, and they should finish within  a  few
       minutes.  During  an update, the cluster status moves to UPDATING (this
       status transition is eventually consistent). When the  update  is  com-
       plete  (either  Failed or Successful ), the cluster status moves to Ac-
       tive .

       If your cluster has managed node groups attached to  it,  all  of  your
       node groups Kubernetes versions must match the clusters Kubernetes ver-
       sion in order to update the cluster to a new Kubernetes version.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-cluster-version
          --name <value>
          [--client-request-token <value>]
          --kubernetes-version <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the Amazon EKS cluster to update.

       --client-request-token (string)
          Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you  provide  to  ensure  the
          idempotency of the request.

       --kubernetes-version (string)
          The desired Kubernetes version following a successful update.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update a cluster Kubernetes version

       This  example  command  updates a cluster named example from Kubernetes
       1.12 to 1.13.

       Command:

          aws eks update-cluster-version --name example --kubernetes-version 1.13

       Output:

          {
              "update": {
                  "id": "161a74d1-7e8c-4224-825d-b32af149f23a",
                  "status": "InProgress",
                  "type": "VersionUpdate",
                  "params": [
                      {
                          "type": "Version",
                          "value": "1.13"
                      },
                      {
                          "type": "PlatformVersion",
                          "value": "eks.2"
                      }
                  ],
                  "createdAt": 1565807633.514,
                  "errors": []
              }
          }

OUTPUT
       update -> (structure)
          The full description of the specified update

          id -> (string)
              A UUID that is used to track the update.

          status -> (string)
              The current status of the update.

          type -> (string)
              The type of the update.

          params -> (list)
              A key-value map that contains the parameters associated with the
              update.

              (structure)
                 An object representing the details of an update request.

                 type -> (string)
                     The keys associated with an update request.

                 value -> (string)
                     The  value of the keys submitted as part of an update re-
                     quest.

          createdAt -> (timestamp)
              The Unix epoch timestamp in seconds for when the update was cre-
              ated.

          errors -> (list)
              Any errors associated with a Failed update.

              (structure)
                 An  object  representing an error when an asynchronous opera-
                 tion fails.

                 errorCode -> (string)
                     A brief description of the error.

                     o SubnetNotFound : We couldn't find one  of  the  subnets
                       associated with the cluster.

                     o SecurityGroupNotFound : We couldn't find one of the se-
                       curity groups associated with the cluster.

                     o EniLimitReached : You have reached the elastic  network
                       interface limit for your account.

                     o IpNotAvailable  :  A subnet associated with the cluster
                       doesn't have any free IP addresses.

                     o AccessDenied : You don't have  permissions  to  perform
                       the specified operation.

                     o OperationNotPermitted  :  The  service  role associated
                       with the cluster doesn't have the required access  per-
                       missions for Amazon EKS.

                     o VpcIdNotFound  :  We  couldn't  find the VPC associated
                       with the cluster.

                 errorMessage -> (string)
                     A more complete description of the error.

                 resourceIds -> (list)
                     An optional field that contains the resource IDs  associ-
                     ated with the error.

                     (string)



                                                      UPDATE-CLUSTER-VERSION()
