UPDATE-KUBECONFIG()                                        UPDATE-KUBECONFIG()



NAME
       update-kubeconfig -

DESCRIPTION
       Configures kubectl so that you can connect to an Amazon EKS cluster.

       Note:  To  use  the  resulting configuration, you must have kubectl in-
              stalled and in your PATH environment variable.

       This command constructs a configuration with  prepopulated  server  and
       certificate  authority  data  values  for a specified cluster.  You can
       specify an IAM role ARN with the --role-arn option to use for authenti-
       cation  when  you issue kubectl commands.  Otherwise, the IAM entity in
       your default AWS CLI or SDK credential chain is  used.   You  can  view
       your   default  AWS  CLI  or  SDK  identity  by  running  the  aws  sts
       get-caller-identity command.

       The resulting kubeconfig is created as a new file or merged with an ex-
       isting kubeconfig file using the following logic:

       o If  you specify a path with the --kubeconfig option, then the result-
         ing configuration file is created there or merged  with  an  existing
         kubeconfig at that location.

       o Or, if you have the KUBECONFIG environment variable set, then the re-
         sulting configuration file is created at  the  first  entry  in  that
         variable or merged with an existing kubeconfig at that location.

       o Otherwise, by default, the resulting configuration file is created at
         the default kubeconfig path (.kube/config) in your home directory  or
         merged with an existing kubeconfig at that location.

       o If  a previous cluster configuration exists for an Amazon EKS cluster
         with the same name at the specified path, the existing  configuration
         is overwritten with the new configuration.

       o When  update-kubeconfig  writes a configuration to a kubeconfig file,
         the current-context of the kubeconfig file is set to that  configura-
         tion.

       You  can  use the --dry-run option to print the resulting configuration
       to stdout instead of writing it to the specified location.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-kubeconfig
          --name <value>
          [--kubeconfig <value>]
          [--role-arn <value>]
          [--dry-run]
          [--verbose]
          [--alias <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string) The name of the cluster for which to create a  kubecon-
       fig entry. This cluster must exist in your account and in the specified
       or configured default Region for your AWS CLI installation.

       --kubeconfig (string) Optionally specify a kubeconfig  file  to  append
       with  your  configuration.  By default, the configuration is written to
       the first file path in the KUBECONFIG environment variable  (if  it  is
       set)  or the default kubeconfig path (.kube/config) in your home direc-
       tory.

       --role-arn (string) To assume a role for cluster authentication,  spec-
       ify  an  IAM  role  ARN with this option. For example, if you created a
       cluster while assuming an IAM role, then you must also assume that role
       to connect to the cluster the first time.

       --dry-run  (boolean)  Print  the merged kubeconfig to stdout instead of
       writing it to the specified file.

       --verbose (boolean) Print more detailed  output  when  writing  to  the
       kubeconfig file, including the appended entries.

       --alias  (string) Alias for the cluster context name. Defaults to match
       cluster ARN.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a kubeconfig for your cluster

       This example command updates the default kubeconfig file  to  use  your
       cluster as the current context.

       Command:

          aws eks update-kubeconfig --name example

       Output:

          Added new context arn:aws:eks:us-west-2:012345678910:cluster/example to /Users/ericn/.kube/config



                                                           UPDATE-KUBECONFIG()
