ADD-UPLOAD-BUFFER()                                        ADD-UPLOAD-BUFFER()



NAME
       add-upload-buffer -

DESCRIPTION
       Configures one or more gateway local disks as upload buffer for a spec-
       ified gateway. This operation  is  supported  for  the  stored  volume,
       cached volume, and tape gateway types.

       In  the  request, you specify the gateway Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to
       which you want to add upload buffer, and one or more disk IDs that  you
       want to configure as upload buffer.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-upload-buffer
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --disk-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --disk-ids (list)
          An array of strings that identify disks that are to be configured as
          working storage. Each string has a minimum length of 1  and  maximum
          length  of  300.  You  can get the disk IDs from the  ListLocalDisks
          API.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                           ADD-UPLOAD-BUFFER()
