ADD-WORKING-STORAGE()                                    ADD-WORKING-STORAGE()



NAME
       add-working-storage -

DESCRIPTION
       Configures  one  or  more  gateway local disks as working storage for a
       gateway. This operation is only supported in the stored volume  gateway
       type.  This  operation  is  deprecated  in  cached  volume  API version
       20120630. Use  AddUploadBuffer instead.

       NOTE:
          Working storage is also referred to as upload buffer. You  can  also
          use  the  AddUploadBuffer operation to add upload buffer to a stored
          volume gateway.

       In the request, you specify the gateway Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  to
       which  you  want  to add working storage, and one or more disk IDs that
       you want to configure as working storage.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            add-working-storage
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --disk-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --disk-ids (list)
          An array of strings that identify disks that are to be configured as
          working  storage.  Each string has a minimum length of 1 and maximum
          length of 300. You can get the disk  IDs  from  the   ListLocalDisks
          API.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                         ADD-WORKING-STORAGE()
