ASSIGN-TAPE-POOL()                                          ASSIGN-TAPE-POOL()



NAME
       assign-tape-pool -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns  a  tape  to  a tape pool for archiving. The tape assigned to a
       pool is archived in the S3 storage class that is  associated  with  the
       pool.  When you use your backup application to eject the tape, the tape
       is archived directly into the  S3  storage  class  (S3  Glacier  or  S3
       Glacier Deep Archive) that corresponds to the pool.

       Valid Values: GLACIER | DEEP_ARCHIVE

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            assign-tape-pool
          --tape-arn <value>
          --pool-id <value>
          [--bypass-governance-retention | --no-bypass-governance-retention]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tape-arn (string)
          The  unique  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape that you
          want to add to the tape pool.

       --pool-id (string)
          The ID of the pool that you want to add your tape to for  archiving.
          The  tape  in  this pool is archived in the S3 storage class that is
          associated with the pool. When you use your  backup  application  to
          eject the tape, the tape is archived directly into the storage class
          (S3 Glacier or S3 Glacier Deep  Archive)  that  corresponds  to  the
          pool.

          Valid Values: GLACIER | DEEP_ARCHIVE

       --bypass-governance-retention | --no-bypass-governance-retention (bool-
       ean)
          Set permissions to bypass governance retention. If the lock type  of
          the  archived  tape  is  Governance , the tape's archived age is not
          older than RetentionLockInDays , and the user does not already  have
          BypassGovernanceRetention , setting this to TRUE enables the user to
          bypass the retention lock. This parameter is set to true by  default
          for calls from the console.

          Valid values: TRUE | FALSE

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeARN -> (string)
          The unique Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the virtual tape that  was
          added to the tape pool.



                                                            ASSIGN-TAPE-POOL()
