ATTACH-VOLUME()                                                ATTACH-VOLUME()



NAME
       attach-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Connects  a  volume to an iSCSI connection and then attaches the volume
       to the specified gateway. Detaching and attaching a volume enables  you
       to  recover  your  data from one gateway to a different gateway without
       creating a snapshot. It also makes it easier to move your volumes  from
       an on-premises gateway to a gateway hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            attach-volume
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--target-name <value>]
          --volume-arn <value>
          --network-interface-id <value>
          [--disk-id <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway that you want to at-
          tach the volume to.

       --target-name (string)
          The name of the iSCSI target used by an initiator to  connect  to  a
          volume  and used as a suffix for the target ARN. For example, speci-
          fying  TargetName  as  myvolume  results  in  the  target   ARN   of
          arn:aws:storagegateway:us-east-2:111122223333:gate-
          way/sgw-12A3456B/target/iqn.1997-05.com.amazon:myvolume . The target
          name must be unique across all volumes on a gateway.

          If  you  don't  specify a value, Storage Gateway uses the value that
          was previously used for this volume as the new target name.

       --volume-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume to attach to the speci-
          fied gateway.

       --network-interface-id (string)
          The  network  interface  of the gateway on which to expose the iSCSI
          target. Only IPv4 addresses are accepted. Use  DescribeGatewayInfor-
          mation  to get a list of the network interfaces available on a gate-
          way.

          Valid Values: A valid IP address.

       --disk-id (string)
          The unique device ID or other distinguishing  data  that  identifies
          the  local  disk  used  to create the volume. This value is only re-
          quired when you are attaching a stored volume.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) of the volume that was attached to
          the gateway.

       TargetARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume target, which  includes
          the  iSCSI  name  for  the initiator that was used to connect to the
          target.



                                                               ATTACH-VOLUME()
