CANCEL-ARCHIVAL()                                            CANCEL-ARCHIVAL()



NAME
       cancel-archival -

DESCRIPTION
       Cancels archiving of a virtual tape to the virtual tape shelf (VTS) af-
       ter the archiving process is initiated. This  operation  is  only  sup-
       ported in the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            cancel-archival
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --tape-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --tape-arn (string)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape you want to can-
          cel archiving for.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape for which archiv-
          ing was canceled.



                                                             CANCEL-ARCHIVAL()
