CREATE-SNAPSHOT()                                            CREATE-SNAPSHOT()



NAME
       create-snapshot -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates a snapshot of a volume.

       Storage Gateway provides the ability to back up point-in-time snapshots
       of your data to Amazon Simple Storage (Amazon S3) for durable  off-site
       recovery,  and  also  import  the data to an Amazon Elastic Block Store
       (EBS) volume in Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2). You can take  snap-
       shots  of  your gateway volume on a scheduled or ad hoc basis. This API
       enables you to take an ad  hoc  snapshot.  For  more  information,  see
       Editing a snapshot schedule .

       In the CreateSnapshot request, you identify the volume by providing its
       Amazon Resource Name (ARN). You must also provide description  for  the
       snapshot.  When Storage Gateway takes the snapshot of specified volume,
       the snapshot and description appears in the Storage Gateway console. In
       response,  Storage  Gateway returns you a snapshot ID. You can use this
       snapshot ID to check the snapshot progress or later  use  it  when  you
       want  to  create  a volume from a snapshot. This operation is only sup-
       ported in stored and cached volume gateway type.

       NOTE:
          To list or delete a snapshot, you must use the Amazon EC2  API.  For
          more  information,  see  DescribeSnapshots  or DeleteSnapshot in the
          Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud API Reference .

       WARNING:
          Volume and snapshot IDs are changing to a longer length  ID  format.
          For more information, see the important note on the Welcome page.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-snapshot
          --volume-arn <value>
          --snapshot-description <value>
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the volume. Use the  ListVolumes
          operation to return a list of gateway volumes.

       --snapshot-description (string)
          Textual description of the snapshot that appears in the  Amazon  EC2
          console,  Elastic  Block  Store  snapshots  panel in the Description
          field, and in the Storage Gateway snapshot Details pane, Description
          field.

       --tags (list)
          A list of up to 50 tags that can be assigned to a snapshot. Each tag
          is a key-value pair.

          NOTE:
              Valid characters for key and value are letters, spaces, and num-
              bers  representable  in  UTF-8 format, and the following special
              characters: + - = . _ : / @. The maximum length of a  tag's  key
              is  128  characters, and the maximum length for a tag's value is
              256.

          (structure)
              A key-value pair that helps you manage, filter, and  search  for
              your  resource.  Allowed  characters:  letters, white space, and
              numbers, representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: +
              - = . _ : /.

              Key -> (string)
                 Tag key. The key can't start with aws:.

              Value -> (string)
                 Value of the tag key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the volume of which the snapshot
          was taken.

       SnapshotId -> (string)
          The snapshot ID that is used to refer to the snapshot in future  op-
          erations  such as describing snapshots (Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
          API DescribeSnapshots ) or creating a volume from a snapshot (  Cre-
          ateStorediSCSIVolume ).



                                                             CREATE-SNAPSHOT()
