DELETE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()                          DELETE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()



NAME
       delete-snapshot-schedule -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes a snapshot of a volume.

       You can take snapshots of your gateway volumes on a scheduled or ad hoc
       basis. This API action enables you to delete a snapshot schedule for  a
       volume.  For  more  information,  see  Backing up your volumes . In the
       DeleteSnapshotSchedule request, you identify the  volume  by  providing
       its  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN). This operation is only supported in
       stored and cached volume gateway types.

       NOTE:
          To list or delete a snapshot, you must use the Amazon EC2  API.  For
          more information, go to DescribeSnapshots in the Amazon Elastic Com-
          pute Cloud API Reference .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-snapshot-schedule
          --volume-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-arn (string)
          The volume which snapshot schedule to delete.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The volume which snapshot schedule was deleted.



                                                    DELETE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()
