DELETE-VOLUME()                                                DELETE-VOLUME()



NAME
       delete-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the specified storage volume that you previously created using
       the  CreateCachediSCSIVolume or  CreateStorediSCSIVolume API. This  op-
       eration is only supported in the cached volume and stored volume types.
       For stored volume gateways, the local disk that was configured  as  the
       storage  volume  is not deleted. You can reuse the local disk to create
       another storage volume.

       Before you delete a volume, make sure there are no iSCSI connections to
       the  volume  you  are  deleting.  You should also make sure there is no
       snapshot in progress. You can use  the  Amazon  Elastic  Compute  Cloud
       (Amazon  EC2) API to query snapshots on the volume you are deleting and
       check   the   snapshot   status.   For   more   information,   go    to
       DescribeSnapshots in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud API Reference .

       In  the request, you must provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
       storage volume you want to delete.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-volume
          --volume-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume. Use  the   ListVolumes
          operation to return a list of gateway volumes.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)  of  the  storage  volume  that  was
          deleted. It is the same ARN you provided in the request.



                                                               DELETE-VOLUME()
