DELETE-TAPE()                                                    DELETE-TAPE()



NAME
       delete-tape -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the specified virtual tape. This operation is only supported in
       the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-tape
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --tape-arn <value>
          [--bypass-governance-retention | --no-bypass-governance-retention]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway that  the  vir-
          tual tape to delete is associated with. Use the  ListGateways opera-
          tion to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon  Web
          Services Region.

       --tape-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape to delete.

       --bypass-governance-retention | --no-bypass-governance-retention (bool-
       ean)
          Set to TRUE to delete an archived tape that belongs to a custom pool
          with  tape  retention  lock. Only archived tapes with tape retention
          lock set to governance can be deleted. Archived tapes with tape  re-
          tention lock set to compliance can't be deleted.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the deleted virtual tape.



                                                                 DELETE-TAPE()
