DELETE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()                    DELETE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()



NAME
       delete-bandwidth-rate-limit -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  the  bandwidth rate limits of a gateway. You can delete either
       the upload and download bandwidth rate limit, or you can  delete  both.
       If  you  delete  only  one  of  the limits, the other limit remains un-
       changed. To specify which gateway to work with, use the Amazon Resource
       Name  (ARN) of the gateway in your request. This operation is supported
       only for the stored volume, cached volume, and tape gateway types.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bandwidth-rate-limit
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --bandwidth-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --bandwidth-type (string)
          One of the BandwidthType values that indicates the gateway bandwidth
          rate limit to delete.

          Valid Values: UPLOAD | DOWNLOAD | ALL

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                 DELETE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()
