DELETE-FILE-SHARE()                                        DELETE-FILE-SHARE()



NAME
       delete-file-share -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  file  share from an S3 File Gateway. This operation is only
       supported for S3 File Gateways.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-file-share
          --file-share-arn <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --file-share-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the file share to be deleted.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          If this value is set to true , the operation deletes  a  file  share
          immediately and aborts all data uploads to Amazon Web Services. Oth-
          erwise, the file share is not deleted until all data is uploaded  to
          Amazon  Web  Services.  This process aborts the data upload process,
          and the file share enters the FORCE_DELETING status.

          Valid Values: true | false

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FileShareARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the deleted file share.



                                                           DELETE-FILE-SHARE()
