DELETE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()                            DELETE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       delete-chap-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  Challenge-Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP) credentials
       for a specified iSCSI target and initiator pair. This operation is sup-
       ported in volume and tape gateway types.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-chap-credentials
          --target-arn <value>
          --initiator-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the iSCSI volume target. Use the
          DescribeStorediSCSIVolumes operation to return to retrieve the  Tar-
          getARN for specified VolumeARN.

       --initiator-name (string)
          The iSCSI initiator that connects to the target.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TargetARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target.

       InitiatorName -> (string)
          The iSCSI initiator that connects to the target.



                                                     DELETE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()
