DELETE-GATEWAY()                                              DELETE-GATEWAY()



NAME
       delete-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  gateway. To specify which gateway to delete, use the Amazon
       Resource Name (ARN) of the  gateway  in  your  request.  The  operation
       deletes  the  gateway;  however, it does not delete the gateway virtual
       machine (VM) from your host computer.

       After you delete a gateway, you cannot reactivate it.  Completed  snap-
       shots of the gateway volumes are not deleted upon deleting the gateway,
       however, pending snapshots will not complete. After you delete a  gate-
       way, your next step is to remove it from your environment.

       WARNING:
          You  no  longer  pay  software charges after the gateway is deleted;
          however, your existing Amazon EBS snapshots  persist  and  you  will
          continue  to be billed for these snapshots. You can choose to remove
          all remaining Amazon EBS snapshots by canceling your Amazon EC2 sub-
          scription. If you prefer not to cancel your Amazon EC2 subscription,
          you can delete your snapshots using the Amazon EC2 console. For more
          information, see the Storage Gateway detail page .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-gateway
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                              DELETE-GATEWAY()
