DESCRIBE-TAPE-ARCHIVES()                              DESCRIBE-TAPE-ARCHIVES()



NAME
       describe-tape-archives -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  description  of specified virtual tapes in the virtual tape
       shelf (VTS). This operation is only supported in the tape gateway type.

       If a specific TapeARN is not specified, Storage Gateway returns  a  de-
       scription  of  all  virtual tapes found in the VTS associated with your
       account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-tape-archives is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be  issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: TapeArchives

SYNOPSIS
            describe-tape-archives
          [--tape-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tape-arns (list)
          Specifies  one or more unique Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) that rep-
          resent the virtual tapes you want to describe.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeArchives -> (list)
          An array of virtual tape objects in the virtual  tape  shelf  (VTS).
          The  description  includes  of the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the
          virtual tapes. The information returned includes the Amazon Resource
          Names  (ARNs)  of the tapes, size of the tapes, status of the tapes,
          progress of the description, and tape barcode.

          (structure)
              Represents a virtual tape that is archived in the  virtual  tape
              shelf (VTS).

              TapeARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an archived virtual tape.

              TapeBarcode -> (string)
                 The barcode that identifies the archived virtual tape.

              TapeCreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date the virtual tape was created.

              TapeSizeInBytes -> (long)
                 The size, in bytes, of the archived virtual tape.

              CompletionTime -> (timestamp)
                 The  time  that  the  archiving  of the virtual tape was com-
                 pleted.

                 The default timestamp  format  is  in  the  ISO8601  extended
                 YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z' format.

              RetrievedTo -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the tape gateway that the
                 virtual tape is being retrieved to.

                 The virtual tape is retrieved from  the  virtual  tape  shelf
                 (VTS).

              TapeStatus -> (string)
                 The current state of the archived virtual tape.

              TapeUsedInBytes -> (long)
                 The size, in bytes, of data stored on the virtual tape.

                 NOTE:
                     This  value  is  not available for tapes created prior to
                     May 13, 2015.

              KMSKey -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a symmetric customer master
                 key  (CMK) used for Amazon S3 server-side encryption. Storage
                 Gateway does not support asymmetric CMKs. This value can only
                 be set when KMSEncrypted is true . Optional.

              PoolId -> (string)
                 The  ID  of  the  pool that was used to archive the tape. The
                 tapes in this pool are archived in the S3 storage class  that
                 is associated with the pool.

                 Valid Values: GLACIER | DEEP_ARCHIVE

              Worm -> (boolean)
                 Set   to   true   if   the   archived   tape   is  stored  as
                 write-once-read-many (WORM).

              RetentionStartDate -> (timestamp)
                 If the archived tape is subject to tape retention  lock,  the
                 date that the archived tape started being retained.

              PoolEntryDate -> (timestamp)
                 The time that the tape entered the custom tape pool.

                 The  default  timestamp  format  is  in  the ISO8601 extended
                 YYYY-MM-DD'T'HH:MM:SS'Z' format.

       Marker -> (string)
          An opaque string that indicates the position at  which  the  virtual
          tapes  that  were  fetched for description ended. Use this marker in
          your next request to fetch the next set of virtual tapes in the vir-
          tual  tape  shelf  (VTS).  If there are no more virtual tapes to de-
          scribe, this field does not appear in the response.



                                                      DESCRIBE-TAPE-ARCHIVES()
