DESCRIBE-VTL-DEVICES()                                  DESCRIBE-VTL-DEVICES()



NAME
       describe-vtl-devices -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  description  of  virtual tape library (VTL) devices for the
       specified tape gateway. In the response, Storage  Gateway  returns  VTL
       device information.

       This operation is only supported in the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-vtl-devices  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: VTLDevices

SYNOPSIS
            describe-vtl-devices
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--vtl-device-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --vtl-device-arns (list)
          An array of strings, where each string  represents  the  Amazon  Re-
          source Name (ARN) of a VTL device.

          NOTE:
              All  of the specified VTL devices must be from the same gateway.
              If no VTL devices are specified, the result will contain all de-
              vices on the specified gateway.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       VTLDevices -> (list)
          An array of VTL device objects composed of the Amazon Resource  Name
          (ARN) of the VTL devices.

          (structure)
              Represents a device object associated with a tape gateway.

              VTLDeviceARN -> (string)
                 Specifies the unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the device
                 (tape drive or media changer).

              VTLDeviceType -> (string)
                 Specifies the type of device that the VTL device emulates.

              VTLDeviceVendor -> (string)
                 Specifies the vendor of the device that the VTL device object
                 emulates.

              VTLDeviceProductIdentifier -> (string)
                 Specifies the model number of device that the VTL device emu-
                 lates.

              DeviceiSCSIAttributes -> (structure)
                 A list of iSCSI information about a VTL device.

                 TargetARN -> (string)
                     Specifies the unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that  en-
                     codes  the  iSCSI  qualified name(iqn) of a tape drive or
                     media changer target.

                 NetworkInterfaceId -> (string)
                     The network interface identifier of the VTL device.

                 NetworkInterfacePort -> (integer)
                     The port used to communicate with iSCSI VTL  device  tar-
                     gets.

                 ChapEnabled -> (boolean)
                     Indicates  whether  mutual  CHAP is enabled for the iSCSI
                     target.

       Marker -> (string)
          An opaque string that indicates the position at which  the  VTL  de-
          vices  that  were  fetched  for description ended. Use the marker in
          your next request to fetch the next set of VTL devices in the  list.
          If  there  are  no more VTL devices to describe, this field does not
          appear in the response.



                                                        DESCRIBE-VTL-DEVICES()
