DESCRIBE-TAPES()                                              DESCRIBE-TAPES()



NAME
       describe-tapes -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  description  of the specified Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of
       virtual tapes. If a TapeARN is not specified, returns a description  of
       all virtual tapes associated with the specified gateway. This operation
       is only supported in the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       describe-tapes is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Tapes

SYNOPSIS
            describe-tapes
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--tape-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --tape-arns (list)
          Specifies  one or more unique Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) that rep-
          resent the virtual tapes you want to describe. If this parameter  is
          not  specified,  Tape  gateway  returns a description of all virtual
          tapes associated with the specified gateway.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Tapes -> (list)
          An array of virtual tape descriptions.

          (structure)
              Describes a virtual tape object.

              TapeARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape.

              TapeBarcode -> (string)
                 The barcode that identifies a specific virtual tape.

              TapeCreatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date the virtual tape was created.

              TapeSizeInBytes -> (long)
                 The size, in bytes, of the virtual tape capacity.

              TapeStatus -> (string)
                 The current state of the virtual tape.

              VTLDevice -> (string)
                 The  virtual  tape library (VTL) device that the virtual tape
                 is associated with.

              Progress -> (double)
                 For archiving virtual tapes, indicates how much data  remains
                 to be uploaded before archiving is complete.

                 Range: 0 (not started) to 100 (complete).

              TapeUsedInBytes -> (long)
                 The size, in bytes, of data stored on the virtual tape.

                 NOTE:
                     This  value  is  not available for tapes created prior to
                     May 13, 2015.

              KMSKey -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a symmetric customer master
                 key  (CMK) used for Amazon S3 server-side encryption. Storage
                 Gateway does not support asymmetric CMKs. This value can only
                 be set when KMSEncrypted is true . Optional.

              PoolId -> (string)
                 The ID of the pool that contains tapes that will be archived.
                 The tapes in this pool are archived in the S3  storage  class
                 that  is  associated  with the pool. When you use your backup
                 application to eject the tape, the tape is archived  directly
                 into  the  storage  class  (S3 Glacier or S3 Glacier Deep Ar-
                 chive) that corresponds to the pool.

                 Valid Values: GLACIER | DEEP_ARCHIVE

              Worm -> (boolean)
                 If the tape is archived as write-once-read-many (WORM),  this
                 value is true .

              RetentionStartDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date that the tape is first archived with tape retention
                 lock enabled.

              PoolEntryDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the tape enters a custom tape pool.

       Marker -> (string)
          An opaque string that can be used as part of  a  subsequent  Descri-
          beTapes call to retrieve the next page of results.

          If  a response does not contain a marker, then there are no more re-
          sults to be retrieved.



                                                              DESCRIBE-TAPES()
