DESCRIBE-MAINTENANCE-START-TIME()            DESCRIBE-MAINTENANCE-START-TIME()



NAME
       describe-maintenance-start-time -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  your gateway's weekly maintenance start time including the day
       and time of the week. Note that values are in terms  of  the  gateway's
       time zone.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-maintenance-start-time
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       HourOfDay -> (integer)
          The hour component of the maintenance start time represented as hh ,
          where hh is the hour (0 to 23). The hour of the day is in  the  time
          zone of the gateway.

       MinuteOfHour -> (integer)
          The minute component of the maintenance start time represented as mm
          , where mm is the minute (0 to 59). The minute of the hour is in the
          time zone of the gateway.

       DayOfWeek -> (integer)
          An  ordinal  number  between  0 and 6 that represents the day of the
          week, where 0 represents Sunday and 6 represents Saturday.  The  day
          of week is in the time zone of the gateway.

       DayOfMonth -> (integer)
          The  day of the month component of the maintenance start time repre-
          sented as an ordinal number from 1 to 28,  where  1  represents  the
          first day of the month and 28 represents the last day of the month.

       Timezone -> (string)
          A  value  that  indicates the time zone that is set for the gateway.
          The start time and day of week specified should be in the time  zone
          of the gateway.



                                             DESCRIBE-MAINTENANCE-START-TIME()
