DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()                      DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()



NAME
       describe-snapshot-schedule -

DESCRIPTION
       Describes  the  snapshot schedule for the specified gateway volume. The
       snapshot schedule information includes intervals at which snapshots are
       automatically initiated on the volume. This operation is only supported
       in the cached volume and stored volume types.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-snapshot-schedule
          --volume-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume. Use  the   ListVolumes
          operation to return a list of gateway volumes.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the volume that was specified in
          the request.

       StartAt -> (integer)
          The hour of the day at which the  snapshot  schedule  begins  repre-
          sented  as  hh , where hh is the hour (0 to 23). The hour of the day
          is in the time zone of the gateway.

       RecurrenceInHours -> (integer)
          The number of hours between snapshots.

       Description -> (string)
          The snapshot description.

       Timezone -> (string)
          A value that indicates the time zone of the gateway.

       Tags -> (list)
          A list of up to 50 tags assigned to the  snapshot  schedule,  sorted
          alphabetically  by  key  name.  Each  tag is a key-value pair. For a
          gateway with more than 10 tags assigned, you can view all tags using
          the ListTagsForResource API operation.

          (structure)
              A  key-value  pair that helps you manage, filter, and search for
              your resource. Allowed characters:  letters,  white  space,  and
              numbers, representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: +
              - = . _ : /.

              Key -> (string)
                 Tag key. The key can't start with aws:.

              Value -> (string)
                 Value of the tag key.



                                                  DESCRIBE-SNAPSHOT-SCHEDULE()
