DETACH-VOLUME()                                                DETACH-VOLUME()



NAME
       detach-volume -

DESCRIPTION
       Disconnects  a  volume  from  an iSCSI connection and then detaches the
       volume from the specified gateway. Detaching and attaching a volume en-
       ables  you to recover your data from one gateway to a different gateway
       without creating a snapshot. It also makes it easier to move your  vol-
       umes  from  an on-premises gateway to a gateway hosted on an Amazon EC2
       instance. This operation is only supported in the volume gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            detach-volume
          --volume-arn <value>
          [--force-detach | --no-force-detach]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --volume-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  volume  to  detach  from  the
          gateway.

       --force-detach | --no-force-detach (boolean)
          Set  to  true  to forcibly remove the iSCSI connection of the target
          volume and detach the volume. The default is false . If  this  value
          is  set to false , you must manually disconnect the iSCSI connection
          from the target volume.

          Valid Values: true | false

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VolumeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the volume that was detached.



                                                               DETACH-VOLUME()
