DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM()                          DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM()



NAME
       disassociate-file-system -

DESCRIPTION
       Disassociates an Amazon FSx file system from the specified gateway. Af-
       ter the disassociation process finishes, the gateway can no longer  ac-
       cess  the  Amazon  FSx file system. This operation is only supported in
       the FSx File Gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-file-system
          --file-system-association-arn <value>
          [--force-delete | --no-force-delete]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --file-system-association-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the file system association to  be
          deleted.

       --force-delete | --no-force-delete (boolean)
          If  this value is set to true, the operation disassociates an Amazon
          FSx file system immediately. It ends all data uploads  to  the  file
          system,  and  the  file system association enters the FORCE_DELETING
          status. If this value is set to false, the Amazon  FSx  file  system
          does not disassociate until all data is uploaded.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FileSystemAssociationARN -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the deleted file system associa-
          tion.



                                                    DISASSOCIATE-FILE-SYSTEM()
