JOIN-DOMAIN()                                                    JOIN-DOMAIN()



NAME
       join-domain -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds  a  file  gateway to an Active Directory domain. This operation is
       only supported for file gateways that support the SMB file protocol.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            join-domain
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --domain-name <value>
          [--organizational-unit <value>]
          [--domain-controllers <value>]
          [--timeout-in-seconds <value>]
          --user-name <value>
          --password <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --domain-name (string)
          The name of the domain that you want the gateway to join.

       --organizational-unit (string)
          The organizational unit (OU) is a container in an  Active  Directory
          that  can  hold users, groups, computers, and other OUs and this pa-
          rameter specifies the OU that the gateway will join  within  the  AD
          domain.

       --domain-controllers (list)
          List  of IPv4 addresses, NetBIOS names, or host names of your domain
          server. If you need to specify the port number include it after  the
          colon (:). For example, mydc.mydomain.com:389 .

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --timeout-in-seconds (integer)
          Specifies  the  time  in  seconds, in which the JoinDomain operation
          must complete. The default is 20 seconds.

       --user-name (string)
          Sets the user name of user who has permission to add the gateway  to
          the  Active  Directory domain. The domain user account should be en-
          abled to join computers to the domain. For example, you can use  the
          domain  administrator  account  or an account with delegated permis-
          sions to join computers to the domain.

       --password (string)
          Sets the password of the user who has permission to add the  gateway
          to the Active Directory domain.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway that joined the
          domain.

       ActiveDirectoryStatus -> (string)
          Indicates the status of the gateway as a member of the Active Direc-
          tory domain.

          o ACCESS_DENIED : Indicates that the JoinDomain operation failed due
            to an authentication error.

          o DETACHED : Indicates that gateway is not joined to a domain.

          o JOINED  : Indicates that the gateway has successfully joined a do-
            main.

          o JOINING : Indicates that a JoinDomain operation is in progress.

          o NETWORK_ERROR : Indicates that JoinDomain operation failed due  to
            a network or connectivity error.

          o TIMEOUT  :  Indicates that the JoinDomain operation failed because
            the operation didn't complete within the allotted time.

          o UNKNOWN_ERROR : Indicates that the JoinDomain operation failed due
            to another type of error.



                                                                 JOIN-DOMAIN()
