LIST-VOLUMES()                                                  LIST-VOLUMES()



NAME
       list-volumes -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists the iSCSI stored volumes of a gateway. Results are sorted by vol-
       ume ARN. The response includes only the volume ARNs. If you want  addi-
       tional  volume  information, use the  DescribeStorediSCSIVolumes or the
       DescribeCachediSCSIVolumes API.

       The operation supports pagination. By default, the operation returns  a
       maximum  of  up  to  100  volumes. You can optionally specify the Limit
       field in the body to limit the number of volumes in  the  response.  If
       the  number  of  volumes returned in the response is truncated, the re-
       sponse includes a Marker field. You can use this Marker value  in  your
       subsequent  request to retrieve the next set of volumes. This operation
       is only supported in the cached volume and stored volume gateway types.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-volumes is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: VolumeInfos

SYNOPSIS
            list-volumes
          [--gateway-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the volumes configured for a gateway

       The following list-volumes command returns a list of volumes configured
       for the specified gateway.  To specify which gateway to  describe,  use
       the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway in the command.

       This  examples  specifies a gateway with the id sgw-12A3456B in account
       123456789012:

          aws storagegateway list-volumes --gateway-arn "arn:aws:storagegateway:us-west-2:123456789012:gateway/sgw-12A3456B"

       This command outputs a JSON block that a list of volumes that  includes
       the type and ARN for each volume.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       Marker -> (string)
          Use  the marker in your next request to continue pagination of iSCSI
          volumes. If there are no more volumes to list, this field  does  not
          appear in the response body.

       VolumeInfos -> (list)
          An  array  of   VolumeInfo  objects,  where each object describes an
          iSCSI volume. If no volumes are defined for the gateway,  then  Vol-
          umeInfos is an empty array "[]".

          (structure)
              Describes a storage volume object.

              VolumeARN -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource  Name (ARN) for the storage volume. For
                 example, the following is a valid ARN:
                     arn:aws:storagegateway:us-east-2:111122223333:gate-
                     way/sgw-12A3456B/volume/vol-1122AABB

                 Valid  Values:  50 to 500 lowercase letters, numbers, periods
                 (.), and hyphens (-).

              VolumeId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier assigned to the volume. This ID becomes
                 part  of the volume Amazon Resource Name (ARN), which you use
                 as input for other operations.

                 Valid Values: 50 to 500 lowercase letters,  numbers,  periods
                 (.), and hyphens (-).

              GatewayARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  List-
                 Gateways operation to return a list of gateways for your  ac-
                 count and Amazon Web Services Region.

              GatewayId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier assigned to your gateway during activa-
                 tion. This ID becomes part of  the  gateway  Amazon  Resource
                 Name (ARN), which you use as input for other operations.

                 Valid  Values:  50 to 500 lowercase letters, numbers, periods
                 (.), and hyphens (-).

              VolumeType -> (string)
                 One of the VolumeType enumeration values describing the  type
                 of the volume.

              VolumeSizeInBytes -> (long)
                 The size of the volume in bytes.

                 Valid  Values:  50 to 500 lowercase letters, numbers, periods
                 (.), and hyphens (-).

              VolumeAttachmentStatus -> (string)
                 One of the VolumeStatus values that indicates  the  state  of
                 the storage volume.



                                                                LIST-VOLUMES()
