LIST-TAPE-POOLS()                                            LIST-TAPE-POOLS()



NAME
       list-tape-pools -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists custom tape pools. You specify custom tape pools to list by spec-
       ifying one or more custom tape pool Amazon Resource  Names  (ARNs).  If
       you  don't specify a custom tape pool ARN, the operation lists all cus-
       tom tape pools.

       This operation supports pagination.  You  can  optionally  specify  the
       Limit  parameter  in  the body to limit the number of tape pools in the
       response. If the number of tape pools returned in the response is trun-
       cated,  the response includes a Marker element that you can use in your
       subsequent request to retrieve the next set of tape pools.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tape-pools is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: PoolInfos

SYNOPSIS
            list-tape-pools
          [--pool-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pool-arns (list)
          The  Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of each of the custom tape pools you
          want to list. If you don't specify a custom tape pool ARN,  the  re-
          sponse lists all custom tape pools.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PoolInfos -> (list)
          An  array  of PoolInfo objects, where each object describes a single
          custom tape pool. If there are no custom tape pools,  the  PoolInfos
          is an empty array.

          (structure)
              Describes a custom tape pool.

              PoolARN -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the custom tape pool. Use
                 the  ListTapePools operation to return a list of custom  tape
                 pools for your account and Amazon Web Services Region.

              PoolName -> (string)
                 The  name of the custom tape pool. PoolName can use all ASCII
                 characters, except '/' and ''.

              StorageClass -> (string)
                 The storage class that is associated with  the  custom  pool.
                 When  you  use your backup application to eject the tape, the
                 tape is archived directly into the storage class (S3  Glacier
                 or S3 Glacier Deep Archive) that corresponds to the pool.

              RetentionLockType -> (string)
                 Tape  retention  lock  type,  which  can be configured in two
                 modes. When configured in governance mode,  Amazon  Web  Ser-
                 vices  accounts  with specific IAM permissions are authorized
                 to remove the  tape  retention  lock  from  archived  virtual
                 tapes. When configured in compliance mode, the tape retention
                 lock cannot be removed by any user, including the root Amazon
                 Web Services account.

              RetentionLockTimeInDays -> (integer)
                 Tape  retention lock time is set in days. Tape retention lock
                 can be enabled for up to 100 years (36,500 days).

              PoolStatus -> (string)
                 Status of the custom tape pool. Pool can be ACTIVE or DELETED
                 .

       Marker -> (string)
          A  string that indicates the position at which to begin the returned
          list of tape pools. Use the marker in your next request to  continue
          pagination  of  tape pools. If there are no more tape pools to list,
          this element does not appear in the response body.



                                                             LIST-TAPE-POOLS()
