LIST-TAPES()                                                      LIST-TAPES()



NAME
       list-tapes -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists virtual tapes in your virtual tape library (VTL) and your virtual
       tape shelf (VTS). You specify the tapes to list by  specifying  one  or
       more  tape  Amazon  Resource  Names (ARNs). If you don't specify a tape
       ARN, the operation lists all virtual tapes in both your VTL and VTS.

       This operation supports pagination. By default, the operation returns a
       maximum of up to 100 tapes. You can optionally specify the Limit param-
       eter in the body to limit the number of tapes in the response.  If  the
       number of tapes returned in the response is truncated, the response in-
       cludes a Marker element that you can use in your subsequent request  to
       retrieve the next set of tapes. This operation is only supported in the
       tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tapes is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: TapeInfos

SYNOPSIS
            list-tapes
          [--tape-arns <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tape-arns (list)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of each of the tapes you want to
          list. If you don't specify a tape ARN, the response lists all  tapes
          in both your VTL and VTS.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeInfos -> (list)
          An array of  TapeInfo objects, where each object describes a  single
          tape.  If  there  are  no tapes in the tape library or VTS, then the
          TapeInfos is an empty array.

          (structure)
              Describes a virtual tape.

              TapeARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a virtual tape.

              TapeBarcode -> (string)
                 The barcode that identifies a specific virtual tape.

              TapeSizeInBytes -> (long)
                 The size, in bytes, of a virtual tape.

              TapeStatus -> (string)
                 The status of the tape.

              GatewayARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  List-
                 Gateways  operation to return a list of gateways for your ac-
                 count and Amazon Web Services Region.

              PoolId -> (string)
                 The ID of the pool that you want to add your tape to for  ar-
                 chiving.  The tape in this pool is archived in the S3 storage
                 class that is associated with the pool.  When  you  use  your
                 backup  application  to  eject the tape, the tape is archived
                 directly into the storage class (S3  Glacier  or  S3  Glacier
                 Deep Archive) that corresponds to the pool.

                 Valid Values: GLACIER | DEEP_ARCHIVE

              RetentionStartDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the tape became subject to tape retention lock.

              PoolEntryDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the tape entered the custom tape pool with tape
                 retention lock enabled.

       Marker -> (string)
          A string that indicates the position at which to begin returning the
          next  list of tapes. Use the marker in your next request to continue
          pagination of tapes. If there are no more tapes to list,  this  ele-
          ment does not appear in the response body.



                                                                  LIST-TAPES()
