LIST-AUTOMATIC-TAPE-CREATION-POLICIES()LIST-AUTOMATIC-TAPE-CREATION-POLICIES()



NAME
       list-automatic-tape-creation-policies -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  the automatic tape creation policies for a gateway. If there are
       no automatic tape creation policies for  the  gateway,  it  returns  an
       empty list.

       This operation is only supported for tape gateways.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-automatic-tape-creation-policies
          [--gateway-arn <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       AutomaticTapeCreationPolicyInfos -> (list)
          Gets a listing of information about  the  gateway's  automatic  tape
          creation  policies,  including the automatic tape creation rules and
          the gateway that is using the policies.

          (structure)
              Information about the gateway's automatic  tape  creation  poli-
              cies,  including the automatic tape creation rules and the gate-
              way that is using the policies.

              AutomaticTapeCreationRules -> (list)
                 An automatic tape creation policy consists of a list of auto-
                 matic tape creation rules. This returns the rules that deter-
                 mine when and how to automatically create new tapes.

                 (structure)
                     An automatic tape creation policy consists  of  automatic
                     tape  creation rules where each rule defines when and how
                     to create new tapes. For more information about automatic
                     tape creation, see Creating Tapes Automatically .

                     TapeBarcodePrefix -> (string)
                        A prefix that you append to the barcode of the virtual
                        tape that you are creating. This prefix makes the bar-
                        code unique.

                        NOTE:
                            The  prefix  must  be 1-4 characters in length and
                            must be one of the uppercase letters from A to Z.

                     PoolId -> (string)
                        The ID of the pool that you want to add your  tape  to
                        for  archiving.  The  tape in this pool is archived in
                        the Amazon S3 storage class that  is  associated  with
                        the  pool.  When  you  use  your backup application to
                        eject the tape, the tape is archived directly into the
                        storage  class (S3 Glacier or S3 Glacier Deep Archive)
                        that corresponds to the pool.

                     TapeSizeInBytes -> (long)
                        The size, in bytes, of the virtual tape capacity.

                     MinimumNumTapes -> (integer)
                        The minimum number of available virtual tapes that the
                        gateway maintains at all times. If the number of tapes
                        on the gateway goes below this value, the gateway cre-
                        ates  as many new tapes as are needed to have Minimum-
                        NumTapes on the gateway. For  more  information  about
                        automatic  tape creation, see Creating Tapes Automati-
                        cally .

                     Worm -> (boolean)
                        Set to true to indicate that tapes are to be  archived
                        as write-once-read-many (WORM). Set to false when WORM
                        is not enabled for tapes.

              GatewayARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  List-
                 Gateways  operation to return a list of gateways for your ac-
                 count and Amazon Web Services Region.



                                       LIST-AUTOMATIC-TAPE-CREATION-POLICIES()
