LIST-GATEWAYS()                                                LIST-GATEWAYS()



NAME
       list-gateways -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists gateways owned by an Amazon Web Services account in an Amazon Web
       Services Region specified in the request. The returned list is  ordered
       by gateway Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

       By default, the operation returns a maximum of 100 gateways. This oper-
       ation supports pagination that allows you to optionally reduce the num-
       ber of gateways returned in a response.

       If you have more gateways than are returned in a response (that is, the
       response returns only a truncated list of your gateways), the  response
       contains  a  marker  that you can specify in your next request to fetch
       the next page of gateways.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-gateways is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may  be  is-
       sued  in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can dis-
       able pagination by providing the --no-paginate  argument.   When  using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: Gateways

SYNOPSIS
            list-gateways
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list gateways for an account

       The following list-gateways command lists all the gateways defined  for
       an account:

          aws storagegateway list-gateways

       This  command outputs a JSON block that contains a list of gateway Ama-
       zon Resource Names (ARNs).

OUTPUT
       Gateways -> (list)
          An array of  GatewayInfo objects.

          (structure)
              Describes a gateway object.

              GatewayId -> (string)
                 The unique identifier assigned to your gateway during activa-
                 tion.  This  ID  becomes  part of the gateway Amazon Resource
                 Name (ARN), which you use as input for other operations.

              GatewayARN -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  List-
                 Gateways  operation to return a list of gateways for your ac-
                 count and Amazon Web Services Region.

              GatewayType -> (string)
                 The type of the gateway.

              GatewayOperationalState -> (string)
                 The state of the gateway.

                 Valid Values: DISABLED | ACTIVE

              GatewayName -> (string)
                 The name of the gateway.

              Ec2InstanceId -> (string)
                 The ID of the Amazon EC2 instance that was used to launch the
                 gateway.

              Ec2InstanceRegion -> (string)
                 The  Amazon Web Services Region where the Amazon EC2 instance
                 is located.

              HostEnvironment -> (string)
                 The type of hardware or software platform on which the  gate-
                 way is running.

              HostEnvironmentId -> (string)
                 A  unique  identifier  for  the specific instance of the host
                 platform running the gateway. This value  is  only  available
                 for  certain host environments, and its format depends on the
                 host environment type.

       Marker -> (string)
          Use the marker in your next request to fetch the next set  of  gate-
          ways  in the list. If there are no more gateways to list, this field
          does not appear in the response.



                                                               LIST-GATEWAYS()
