NOTIFY-WHEN-UPLOADED()                                  NOTIFY-WHEN-UPLOADED()



NAME
       notify-when-uploaded -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends you notification through CloudWatch Events when all files written
       to your file share have been uploaded to Amazon S3.

       Storage Gateway can  send  a  notification  through  Amazon  CloudWatch
       Events  when  all  files written to your file share up to that point in
       time have been uploaded to Amazon S3. These files include files written
       to  the file share up to the time that you make a request for notifica-
       tion. When the upload is done, Storage Gateway sends  you  notification
       through an Amazon CloudWatch Event. You can configure CloudWatch Events
       to send the notification through event targets such as  Amazon  SNS  or
       Lambda function. This operation is only supported for S3 File Gateways.

       For more information, see Getting file upload notification in the Stor-
       age Gateway User Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            notify-when-uploaded
          --file-share-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --file-share-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the file share.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       FileShareARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the file share.

       NotificationId -> (string)
          The randomly generated ID of the notification that was sent. This ID
          is in UUID format.



                                                        NOTIFY-WHEN-UPLOADED()
