RESET-CACHE()                                                    RESET-CACHE()



NAME
       reset-cache -

DESCRIPTION
       Resets  all  cache  disks  that have encountered an error and makes the
       disks available for reconfiguration as cache  storage.  If  your  cache
       disk  encounters  an  error, the gateway prevents read and write opera-
       tions on virtual tapes in the gateway. For example, an error can  occur
       when  a  disk is corrupted or removed from the gateway. When a cache is
       reset, the gateway loses its cache storage. At this point, you can  re-
       configure the disks as cache disks. This operation is only supported in
       the cached volume and tape types.

       WARNING:
          If the cache disk you are resetting contains data that has not  been
          uploaded  to  Amazon  S3 yet, that data can be lost. After you reset
          cache disks, there will be no configured cache  disks  left  in  the
          gateway,  so you must configure at least one new cache disk for your
          gateway to function properly.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            reset-cache
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                                 RESET-CACHE()
