RETRIEVE-TAPE-RECOVERY-POINT()                  RETRIEVE-TAPE-RECOVERY-POINT()



NAME
       retrieve-tape-recovery-point -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the recovery point for the specified virtual tape. This oper-
       ation is only supported in the tape gateway type.

       A recovery point is a point in time view of a virtual tape at which all
       the  data  on  the tape is consistent. If your gateway crashes, virtual
       tapes that have recovery points can be recovered to a new gateway.

       NOTE:
          The virtual tape can be retrieved to only one gateway. The retrieved
          tape  is read-only. The virtual tape can be retrieved to only a tape
          gateway. There is no charge for retrieving recovery points.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            retrieve-tape-recovery-point
          --tape-arn <value>
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tape-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual  tape  for  which  you
          want to retrieve the recovery point.

       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape for which the re-
          covery point was retrieved.



                                                RETRIEVE-TAPE-RECOVERY-POINT()
