RETRIEVE-TAPE-ARCHIVE()                                RETRIEVE-TAPE-ARCHIVE()



NAME
       retrieve-tape-archive -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves an archived virtual tape from the virtual tape shelf (VTS) to
       a tape gateway. Virtual tapes archived in the VTS  are  not  associated
       with  any  gateway. However after a tape is retrieved, it is associated
       with a gateway, even though it is also listed in the VTS, that is,  ar-
       chive. This operation is only supported in the tape gateway type.

       Once  a  tape  is successfully retrieved to a gateway, it cannot be re-
       trieved again to another gateway. You must archive the tape  again  be-
       fore  you  can  retrieve  it to another gateway. This operation is only
       supported in the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            retrieve-tape-archive
          --tape-arn <value>
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --tape-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the virtual tape you want  to  re-
          trieve from the virtual tape shelf (VTS).

       --gateway-arn (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway you want to retrieve
          the virtual tape to. Use the  ListGateways  operation  to  return  a
          list of gateways for your account and Amazon Web Services Region.

          You  retrieve  archived  virtual  tapes  to only one gateway and the
          gateway must be a tape gateway.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TapeARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the retrieved virtual tape.



                                                       RETRIEVE-TAPE-ARCHIVE()
