SET-LOCAL-CONSOLE-PASSWORD()                      SET-LOCAL-CONSOLE-PASSWORD()



NAME
       set-local-console-password -

DESCRIPTION
       Sets the password for your VM local console. When you log in to the lo-
       cal console for the first time, you log in to the VM with  the  default
       credentials.  We  recommend that you set a new password. You don't need
       to know the default password to set a new password.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-local-console-password
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --local-console-password <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --local-console-password (string)
          The password you want to set for your VM local console.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                  SET-LOCAL-CONSOLE-PASSWORD()
