START-GATEWAY()                                                START-GATEWAY()



NAME
       start-gateway -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts a gateway that you previously shut down (see  ShutdownGateway ).
       After the gateway starts, you can then make other API calls,  your  ap-
       plications  can read from or write to the gateway's storage volumes and
       you will be able to take snapshot backups.

       NOTE:
          When you make a request, you will get a 200 OK success response  im-
          mediately.  However,  it  might take some time for the gateway to be
          ready. You should call   DescribeGatewayInformation  and  check  the
          status before making any additional API calls. For more information,
          see  ActivateGateway .

       To specify which gateway to start, use the Amazon Resource  Name  (ARN)
       of the gateway in your request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-gateway
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                               START-GATEWAY()
