UPDATE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()                    UPDATE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()



NAME
       update-bandwidth-rate-limit -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the bandwidth rate limits of a gateway. You can update both the
       upload and download bandwidth rate limit or specify  only  one  of  the
       two.  If  you don't set a bandwidth rate limit, the existing rate limit
       remains. This operation is supported only for the stored volume, cached
       volume,  and tape gateway types. To update bandwidth rate limits for S3
       file gateways, use  UpdateBandwidthRateLimitSchedule .

       By default, a gateway's bandwidth rate limits are not set. If you don't
       set  any  limit, the gateway does not have any limitations on its band-
       width usage and could potentially use the maximum available bandwidth.

       To specify which gateway to update, use the Amazon Resource Name  (ARN)
       of the gateway in your request.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-bandwidth-rate-limit
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--average-upload-rate-limit-in-bits-per-sec <value>]
          [--average-download-rate-limit-in-bits-per-sec <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --average-upload-rate-limit-in-bits-per-sec (long)
          The average upload bandwidth rate limit in bits per second.

       --average-download-rate-limit-in-bits-per-sec (long)
          The average download bandwidth rate limit in bits per second.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                 UPDATE-BANDWIDTH-RATE-LIMIT()
