UPDATE-SMB-SECURITY-STRATEGY()                  UPDATE-SMB-SECURITY-STRATEGY()



NAME
       update-smb-security-strategy -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the  SMB  security  strategy on a file gateway. This action is
       only supported in file gateways.

       NOTE:
          This API is called Security level in the User Guide.

          A higher security level can affect performance of the gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-smb-security-strategy
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --smb-security-strategy <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --smb-security-strategy (string)
          Specifies the type of security strategy.

          ClientSpecified: if you use this option,  requests  are  established
          based  on  what  is  negotiated by the client. This option is recom-
          mended when you want  to  maximize  compatibility  across  different
          clients in your environment. Supported only in S3 File Gateway.

          MandatorySigning:  if  you use this option, file gateway only allows
          connections from SMBv2 or SMBv3 clients that have  signing  enabled.
          This  option works with SMB clients on Microsoft Windows Vista, Win-
          dows Server 2008 or newer.

          MandatoryEncryption: if you use this option, file gateway  only  al-
          lows  connections  from  SMBv3 clients that have encryption enabled.
          This option is highly recommended for environments that handle  sen-
          sitive data. This option works with SMB clients on Microsoft Windows
          8, Windows Server 2012 or newer.

          Possible values:

          o ClientSpecified

          o MandatorySigning

          o MandatoryEncryption

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation to return a list of gateways for your account  and  Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                UPDATE-SMB-SECURITY-STRATEGY()
