UPDATE-SMB-LOCAL-GROUPS()                            UPDATE-SMB-LOCAL-GROUPS()



NAME
       update-smb-local-groups -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the list of Active Directory users and groups that have special
       permissions for SMB file shares on the gateway.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-smb-local-groups
          --gateway-arn <value>
          --smb-local-groups <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --smb-local-groups (structure)
          A list of Active Directory users and groups that you want  to  grant
          special permissions for SMB file shares on the gateway.

          GatewayAdmins -> (list)
              A  list  of  Active  Directory  users and groups that have local
              Gateway  Admin  permissions.  Acceptable  formats  include:  DO-
              MAIN\User1 , user1 , DOMAIN\group1 , and group1 .

              Gateway  Admins  can use the Shared Folders Microsoft Management
              Console snap-in to force-close files that are open and locked.

              (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          GatewayAdmins=string,string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "GatewayAdmins": ["string", ...]
          }

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                     UPDATE-SMB-LOCAL-GROUPS()
