UPDATE-GATEWAY-SOFTWARE-NOW()                    UPDATE-GATEWAY-SOFTWARE-NOW()



NAME
       update-gateway-software-now -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the gateway virtual machine (VM) software. The request immedi-
       ately triggers the software update.

       NOTE:
          When you make this request, you get a 200 OK success response  imme-
          diately.  However,  it  might  take some time for the update to com-
          plete. You can call  DescribeGatewayInformation to verify the  gate-
          way is in the STATE_RUNNING state.

       WARNING:
          A  software  update forces a system restart of your gateway. You can
          minimize the chance of any disruption to your  applications  by  in-
          creasing your iSCSI Initiators' timeouts. For more information about
          increasing iSCSI Initiator  timeouts  for  Windows  and  Linux,  see
          Customizing  your  Windows iSCSI settings and Customizing your Linux
          iSCSI settings , respectively.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-gateway-software-now
          --gateway-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --gateway-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       GatewayARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway. Use the  ListGateways
          operation  to  return a list of gateways for your account and Amazon
          Web Services Region.



                                                 UPDATE-GATEWAY-SOFTWARE-NOW()
