UPDATE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()                            UPDATE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()



NAME
       update-chap-credentials -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  the Challenge-Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP) creden-
       tials for a specified iSCSI target. By default, a gateway does not have
       CHAP enabled; however, for added security, you might use it. This oper-
       ation is supported in the volume and tape gateway types.

       WARNING:
          When you update CHAP credentials, all existing  connections  on  the
          target are closed and initiators must reconnect with the new creden-
          tials.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-chap-credentials
          --target-arn <value>
          --secret-to-authenticate-initiator <value>
          --initiator-name <value>
          [--secret-to-authenticate-target <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --target-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the iSCSI volume target.  Use  the
          DescribeStorediSCSIVolumes  operation  to  return  the TargetARN for
          specified VolumeARN.

       --secret-to-authenticate-initiator (string)
          The secret key that the initiator (for example, the Windows  client)
          must provide to participate in mutual CHAP with the target.

          NOTE:
              The  secret  key must be between 12 and 16 bytes when encoded in
              UTF-8.

       --initiator-name (string)
          The iSCSI initiator that connects to the target.

       --secret-to-authenticate-target (string)
          The secret key that the target must provide to participate in mutual
          CHAP with the initiator (e.g. Windows client).

          Byte constraints: Minimum bytes of 12. Maximum bytes of 16.

          NOTE:
              The  secret  key must be between 12 and 16 bytes when encoded in
              UTF-8.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       TargetARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target. This is the same  tar-
          get specified in the request.

       InitiatorName -> (string)
          The  iSCSI  initiator  that connects to the target. This is the same
          initiator name specified in the request.



                                                     UPDATE-CHAP-CREDENTIALS()
