UPDATE-VTL-DEVICE-TYPE()                              UPDATE-VTL-DEVICE-TYPE()



NAME
       update-vtl-device-type -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the type of medium changer in a tape gateway. When you activate
       a tape gateway, you select a medium changer type for the tape  gateway.
       This operation enables you to select a different type of medium changer
       after a tape gateway is activated. This operation is only supported  in
       the tape gateway type.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-vtl-device-type
          --vtl-device-arn <value>
          --device-type <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --vtl-device-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the medium changer you want to se-
          lect.

       --device-type (string)
          The type of medium changer you want to select.

          Valid Values: STK-L700 | AWS-Gateway-VTL | IBM-03584L32-0402

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       VTLDeviceARN -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the medium changer  you  have  se-
          lected.



                                                      UPDATE-VTL-DEVICE-TYPE()
