CREATE-PIPELINE()                                            CREATE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       create-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  a  new, empty pipeline. Use  PutPipelineDefinition to populate
       the pipeline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-pipeline
          --name <value>
          --unique-id <value>
          [--description <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name for the pipeline. You can use the same  name  for  multiple
          pipelines  associated  with your AWS account, because AWS Data Pipe-
          line assigns each pipeline a unique pipeline identifier.

       --unique-id (string)
          A unique identifier. This identifier is not the same as the pipeline
          identifier  assigned  by  AWS Data Pipeline. You are responsible for
          defining the format and ensuring the uniqueness of this  identifier.
          You  use  this parameter to ensure idempotency during repeated calls
          to CreatePipeline . For example, if the first call to CreatePipeline
          does  not  succeed,  you  can pass in the same unique identifier and
          pipeline name combination on a subsequent call to  CreatePipeline  .
          CreatePipeline  ensures  that  if a pipeline already exists with the
          same name and unique identifier, a new pipeline is not created.  In-
          stead,  you'll receive the pipeline identifier from the previous at-
          tempt. The uniqueness of the name and unique identifier  combination
          is scoped to the AWS account or IAM user credentials.

       --description (string)
          The description for the pipeline.

       --tags (list)
          A  list of tags to associate with the pipeline at creation. Tags let
          you  control  access  to  pipelines.  For  more   information,   see
          Controlling User Access to Pipelines in the AWS Data Pipeline Devel-
          oper Guide .

          (structure)
              Tags are key/value pairs defined by a user and associated with a
              pipeline  to control access. AWS Data Pipeline allows you to as-
              sociate  ten  tags  per  pipeline.  For  more  information,  see
              Controlling  User  Access  to Pipelines in the AWS Data Pipeline
              Developer Guide .

              key -> (string)
                 The key name of a tag defined by a user.  For  more  informa-
                 tion,  see  Controlling  User  Access to Pipelines in the AWS
                 Data Pipeline Developer Guide .

              value -> (string)
                 The optional value portion of a tag defined by  a  user.  For
                 more information, see Controlling User Access to Pipelines in
                 the AWS Data Pipeline Developer Guide .

       Shorthand Syntax:

          key=string,value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "key": "string",
              "value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To create a pipeline

       This example creates a pipeline:

          aws datapipeline create-pipeline --name my-pipeline --unique-id my-pipeline-token

       The following is example output:

          {
              "pipelineId": "df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE"
          }

OUTPUT
       pipelineId -> (string)
          The ID that AWS Data Pipeline assigns the  newly  created  pipeline.
          For example, df-06372391ZG65EXAMPLE .



                                                             CREATE-PIPELINE()
