DEACTIVATE-PIPELINE()                                    DEACTIVATE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       deactivate-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Deactivates  the specified running pipeline. The pipeline is set to the
       DEACTIVATING state until the deactivation process completes.

       To resume a deactivated pipeline, use  ActivatePipeline .  By  default,
       the pipeline resumes from the last completed execution. Optionally, you
       can specify the date and time to resume the pipeline.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deactivate-pipeline
          --pipeline-id <value>
          [--cancel-active | --no-cancel-active]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline.

       --cancel-active | --no-cancel-active (boolean)
          Indicates whether to cancel any  running  objects.  The  default  is
          true,  which  sets the state of any running objects to CANCELED . If
          this value is false, the pipeline is deactivated after  all  running
          objects finish.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To deactivate a pipeline

       This example deactivates the specified pipeline:

          aws datapipeline deactivate-pipeline --pipeline-id df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE

       To  deactivate  the  pipeline only after all running activities finish,
       use the following command:

          aws datapipeline deactivate-pipeline --pipeline-id df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE --no-cancel-active

OUTPUT
       None



                                                         DEACTIVATE-PIPELINE()
