DELETE-PIPELINE()                                            DELETE-PIPELINE()



NAME
       delete-pipeline -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  a  pipeline, its pipeline definition, and its run history. AWS
       Data Pipeline attempts to cancel instances associated with the pipeline
       that are currently being processed by task runners.

       Deleting  a  pipeline  cannot  be undone. You cannot query or restore a
       deleted pipeline. To temporarily pause a pipeline instead  of  deleting
       it,  call   SetStatus with the status set to PAUSE on individual compo-
       nents. Components that are paused by  SetStatus can be resumed.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-pipeline
          --pipeline-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To delete a pipeline

       This example deletes the specified pipeline:

          aws datapipeline delete-pipeline --pipeline-id df-00627471SOVYZEXAMPLE

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-PIPELINE()
