REPORT-TASK-RUNNER-HEARTBEAT()                  REPORT-TASK-RUNNER-HEARTBEAT()



NAME
       report-task-runner-heartbeat -

DESCRIPTION
       Task  runners  call ReportTaskRunnerHeartbeat every 15 minutes to indi-
       cate that they are operational. If the AWS Data Pipeline Task Runner is
       launched  on  a  resource managed by AWS Data Pipeline, the web service
       can use this call to detect when the task runner application has failed
       and restart a new instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            report-task-runner-heartbeat
          --taskrunner-id <value>
          [--worker-group <value>]
          [--hostname <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --taskrunner-id (string)
          The  ID  of the task runner. This value should be unique across your
          AWS account. In the case of AWS Data Pipeline Task  Runner  launched
          on a resource managed by AWS Data Pipeline, the web service provides
          a unique identifier when it launches the application.  If  you  have
          written  a custom task runner, you should assign a unique identifier
          for the task runner.

       --worker-group (string)
          The type of task  the  task  runner  is  configured  to  accept  and
          process.  The worker group is set as a field on objects in the pipe-
          line when they are created. You can only specify a single value  for
          workerGroup  . There are no wildcard values permitted in workerGroup
          ; the string must be an exact, case-sensitive, match.

       --hostname (string)
          The public DNS name of the task runner.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       terminate -> (boolean)
          Indicates whether the calling task runner should terminate.



                                                REPORT-TASK-RUNNER-HEARTBEAT()
