SET-TASK-STATUS()                                            SET-TASK-STATUS()



NAME
       set-task-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Task runners call SetTaskStatus to notify AWS Data Pipeline that a task
       is completed and provide information about the  final  status.  A  task
       runner  makes this call regardless of whether the task was sucessful. A
       task runner does not need to call SetTaskStatus for tasks that are can-
       celed by the web service during a call to  ReportTaskProgress .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-task-status
          --task-id <value>
          --task-status <value>
          [--error-id <value>]
          [--error-message <value>]
          [--error-stack-trace <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --task-id (string)
          The  ID  of the task assigned to the task runner. This value is pro-
          vided in the response for  PollForTask .

       --task-status (string)
          If FINISHED , the task successfully completed. If FAILED , the  task
          ended unsuccessfully. Preconditions use false.

          Possible values:

          o FINISHED

          o FAILED

          o FALSE

       --error-id (string)
          If an error occurred during the task, this value specifies the error
          code. This value is set on the physical attempt object. It  is  used
          to  display  error information to the user. It should not start with
          string "
          Service_
          " which is reserved by the system.

       --error-message (string)
          If an error occurred during the task, this value  specifies  a  text
          description  of the error. This value is set on the physical attempt
          object. It is used to display error information to the user. The web
          service does not parse this value.

       --error-stack-trace (string)
          If an error occurred during the task, this value specifies the stack
          trace associated with the error. This value is set on  the  physical
          attempt object. It is used to display error information to the user.
          The web service does not parse this value.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None

DOCUTILS SYSTEM MESSAGES
       System Message: ERROR/3 (<string>:, line 81)
              Unknown target name: "service".



                                                             SET-TASK-STATUS()
