SET-STATUS()                                                      SET-STATUS()



NAME
       set-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Requests  that the status of the specified physical or logical pipeline
       objects be updated in the specified pipeline. This update might not oc-
       cur  immediately,  but is eventually consistent. The status that can be
       set depends on the type of object (for example, DataNode or  Activity).
       You  cannot perform this operation on FINISHED pipelines and attempting
       to do so returns InvalidRequestException .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            set-status
          --pipeline-id <value>
          --object-ids <value>
          --status <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --pipeline-id (string)
          The ID of the pipeline that contains the objects.

       --object-ids (list)
          The IDs of the objects. The  corresponding  objects  can  be  either
          physical or components, but not a mix of both types.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --status (string)
          The status to be set on all the objects specified in objectIds . For
          components, use PAUSE or RESUME . For instances,  use  TRY_CANCEL  ,
          RERUN , or MARK_FINISHED .

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  SET-STATUS()
