DEAUTHORIZE-CONNECTION()                              DEAUTHORIZE-CONNECTION()



NAME
       deauthorize-connection -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes all authorization parameters from the connection. This lets you
       remove the secret from the connection so you can reuse it without  hav-
       ing to create a new connection.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            deauthorize-connection
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the connection to remove authorization from.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ConnectionArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the connection that authorization was removed from.

       ConnectionState -> (string)
          The state of the connection.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          A time stamp for the time that the connection was created.

       LastModifiedTime -> (timestamp)
          A time stamp for the time that the connection was last updated.

       LastAuthorizedTime -> (timestamp)
          A time stamp for the time that the connection was last authorized.



                                                      DEAUTHORIZE-CONNECTION()
