DELETE-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE()                    DELETE-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE()



NAME
       delete-partner-event-source -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  is  used  by  SaaS  partners to delete a partner event
       source. This operation is not used by Amazon Web Services customers.

       When you delete an event source, the status of the corresponding  part-
       ner  event  bus  in  the  Amazon  Web Services customer account becomes
       DELETED.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-partner-event-source
          --name <value>
          --account <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the event source to delete.

       --account (string)
          The Amazon Web Services account ID of the Amazon Web  Services  cus-
          tomer that the event source was created for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 DELETE-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE()
