DESCRIBE-EVENT-SOURCE()                                DESCRIBE-EVENT-SOURCE()



NAME
       describe-event-source -

DESCRIPTION
       This  operation  lists  details  about  a  partner event source that is
       shared with your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-event-source
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the partner event source to display the details of.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Arn -> (string)
          The ARN of the partner event source.

       CreatedBy -> (string)
          The name of the SaaS partner that created the event source.

       CreationTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the event source was created.

       ExpirationTime -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the event source will expire if  you  do  not
          create a matching event bus.

       Name -> (string)
          The name of the partner event source.

       State -> (string)
          The  state  of  the  event source. If it is ACTIVE, you have already
          created a matching event bus for this event source, and  that  event
          bus  is  active.  If it is PENDING, either you haven't yet created a
          matching event bus, or that event  bus  is  deactivated.  If  it  is
          DELETED, you have created a matching event bus, but the event source
          has since been deleted.



                                                       DESCRIBE-EVENT-SOURCE()
