DESCRIBE-EVENT-BUS()                                      DESCRIBE-EVENT-BUS()



NAME
       describe-event-bus -

DESCRIPTION
       Displays  details  about an event bus in your account. This can include
       the external Amazon Web Services accounts that are permitted  to  write
       events to your default event bus, and the associated policy. For custom
       event buses and partner event buses, it displays the name, ARN, policy,
       state, and creation time.

       To enable your account to receive events from other accounts on its de-
       fault event bus, use PutPermission .

       For more information about partner event buses, see CreateEventBus .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            describe-event-bus
          [--name <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name or ARN of the event bus to show details for.  If  you  omit
          this, the default event bus is displayed.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       Name -> (string)
          The name of the event bus. Currently, this is always default .

       Arn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN) of the account permitted to write
          events to the current account.

       Policy -> (string)
          The policy that enables the external account to send events to  your
          account.



                                                          DESCRIBE-EVENT-BUS()
