LIST-EVENT-SOURCES()                                      LIST-EVENT-SOURCES()



NAME
       list-event-sources -

DESCRIPTION
       You  can  use  this to see all the partner event sources that have been
       shared with your Amazon Web  Services  account.  For  more  information
       about partner event sources, see CreateEventBus .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-event-sources
          [--name-prefix <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-prefix (string)
          Specifying  this  limits  the  results  to  only those partner event
          sources with names that start with the specified prefix.

       --next-token (string)
          The token returned by a previous call to retrieve the  next  set  of
          results.

       --limit (integer)
          Specifying this limits the number of results returned by this opera-
          tion. The operation also returns a NextToken which you can use in  a
          subsequent operation to retrieve the next set of results.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EventSources -> (list)
          The list of event sources.

          (structure)
              A  partner event source is created by an SaaS partner. If a cus-
              tomer creates a  partner  event  bus  that  matches  this  event
              source, that Amazon Web Services account can receive events from
              the partner's applications or services.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the event source.

              CreatedBy -> (string)
                 The name of the partner that created the event source.

              CreationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time the event source was created.

              ExpirationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the event source will expire,  if  the
                 Amazon  Web  Services account doesn't create a matching event
                 bus for it.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the event source.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the event source. If it is ACTIVE, you have  al-
                 ready created a matching event bus for this event source, and
                 that event bus is  active.  If  it  is  PENDING,  either  you
                 haven't  yet  created a matching event bus, or that event bus
                 is deactivated. If it is DELETED, you have created a matching
                 event bus, but the event source has since been deleted.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  you can use in a subsequent operation to retrieve the next
          set of results.



                                                          LIST-EVENT-SOURCES()
