LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE-ACCOUNTS()      LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE-ACCOUNTS()



NAME
       list-partner-event-source-accounts -

DESCRIPTION
       An  SaaS  partner can use this operation to display the Amazon Web Ser-
       vices account ID that a particular partner event source name is associ-
       ated with. This operation is not used by Amazon Web Services customers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-partner-event-source-accounts
          --event-source-name <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-source-name (string)
          The  name of the partner event source to display account information
          about.

       --next-token (string)
          The token returned by a previous call to this operation.  Specifying
          this retrieves the next set of results.

       --limit (integer)
          Specifying this limits the number of results returned by this opera-
          tion. The operation also returns a NextToken which you can use in  a
          subsequent operation to retrieve the next set of results.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PartnerEventSourceAccounts -> (list)
          The list of partner event sources returned by the operation.

          (structure)
              The Amazon Web Services account that a partner event source  has
              been offered to.

              Account -> (string)
                 The  Amazon  Web  Services  account ID that the partner event
                 source was offered to.

              CreationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time the event source was created.

              ExpirationTime -> (timestamp)
                 The date and time that the event source will expire,  if  the
                 Amazon  Web  Services account doesn't create a matching event
                 bus for it.

              State -> (string)
                 The state of the event source. If it is ACTIVE, you have  al-
                 ready created a matching event bus for this event source, and
                 that event bus is  active.  If  it  is  PENDING,  either  you
                 haven't  yet  created a matching event bus, or that event bus
                 is deactivated. If it is DELETED, you have created a matching
                 event bus, but the event source has since been deleted.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A  token  you can use in a subsequent operation to retrieve the next
          set of results.



                                          LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCE-ACCOUNTS()
