LIST-EVENT-BUSES()                                          LIST-EVENT-BUSES()



NAME
       list-event-buses -

DESCRIPTION
       Lists  all the event buses in your account, including the default event
       bus, custom event buses, and partner event buses.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-event-buses
          [--name-prefix <value>]
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-prefix (string)
          Specifying this limits the results to only those  event  buses  with
          names that start with the specified prefix.

       --next-token (string)
          The  token  returned  by a previous call to retrieve the next set of
          results.

       --limit (integer)
          Specifying this limits the number of results returned by this opera-
          tion.  The operation also returns a NextToken which you can use in a
          subsequent operation to retrieve the next set of results.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       EventBuses -> (list)
          This list of event buses.

          (structure)
              An event bus receives events from a source and  routes  them  to
              rules  associated  with  that  event bus. Your account's default
              event bus receives events from Amazon Web Services  services.  A
              custom  event  bus  can receive events from your custom applica-
              tions and services. A partner event bus receives events from  an
              event  source created by an SaaS partner. These events come from
              the partners services or applications.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the event bus.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the event bus.

              Policy -> (string)
                 The permissions policy of the  event  bus,  describing  which
                 other  Amazon  Web Services accounts can write events to this
                 event bus.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token you can use in a subsequent operation to retrieve  the  next
          set of results.



                                                            LIST-EVENT-BUSES()
