LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCES()                      LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCES()



NAME
       list-partner-event-sources -

DESCRIPTION
       An  SaaS  partner  can use this operation to list all the partner event
       source names that they have created. This operation is not used by Ama-
       zon Web Services customers.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-partner-event-sources
          --name-prefix <value>
          [--next-token <value>]
          [--limit <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-prefix (string)
          If  you  specify this, the results are limited to only those partner
          event sources that start with the string you specify.

       --next-token (string)
          The token returned by a previous call to this operation.  Specifying
          this retrieves the next set of results.

       --limit (integer)
          pecifying  this limits the number of results returned by this opera-
          tion. The operation also returns a NextToken which you can use in  a
          subsequent operation to retrieve the next set of results.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PartnerEventSources -> (list)
          The list of partner event sources returned by the operation.

          (structure)
              A  partner event source is created by an SaaS partner. If a cus-
              tomer creates a  partner  event  bus  that  matches  this  event
              source, that Amazon Web Services account can receive events from
              the partner's applications or services.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The ARN of the partner event source.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the partner event source.

       NextToken -> (string)
          A token you can use in a subsequent operation to retrieve  the  next
          set of results.



                                                  LIST-PARTNER-EVENT-SOURCES()
