PUT-PERMISSION()                                              PUT-PERMISSION()



NAME
       put-permission -

DESCRIPTION
       Running PutPermission permits the specified Amazon Web Services account
       or Amazon Web Services organization to  put  events  to  the  specified
       event  bus  .  Amazon EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) rules in your ac-
       count are triggered by these events arriving to an event  bus  in  your
       account.

       For  another  account to send events to your account, that external ac-
       count must have an EventBridge rule with your account's event bus as  a
       target.

       To  enable  multiple Amazon Web Services accounts to put events to your
       event bus, run PutPermission once for each of these  accounts.  Or,  if
       all  the accounts are members of the same Amazon Web Services organiza-
       tion, you can run PutPermission once specifying Principal  as  "*"  and
       specifying  the  Amazon  Web Services organization ID in Condition , to
       grant permissions to all accounts in that organization.

       If you grant permissions using an organization, then accounts  in  that
       organization  must  specify a RoleArn with proper permissions when they
       use PutTarget to add your account's event bus as a target. For more in-
       formation, see Sending and Receiving Events Between Amazon Web Services
       Accounts in the Amazon EventBridge User Guide .

       The permission policy on the event bus cannot exceed 10 KB in size.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-permission
          [--event-bus-name <value>]
          [--action <value>]
          [--principal <value>]
          [--statement-id <value>]
          [--condition <value>]
          [--policy <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --event-bus-name (string)
          The name of the event bus associated with  the  rule.  If  you  omit
          this, the default event bus is used.

       --action (string)
          The action that you are enabling the other account to perform.

       --principal (string)
          The  12-digit Amazon Web Services account ID that you are permitting
          to put events to your default event bus. Specify "*" to  permit  any
          account to put events to your default event bus.

          If  you  specify  "*"  without specifying Condition , avoid creating
          rules that may match  undesirable  events.  To  create  more  secure
          rules,  make  sure  that the event pattern for each rule contains an
          account field with a specific  account  ID  from  which  to  receive
          events.  Rules  with  an  account field do not match any events sent
          from other accounts.

       --statement-id (string)
          An identifier string for the external account that you are  granting
          permissions  to. If you later want to revoke the permission for this
          external  account,   specify   this   StatementId   when   you   run
          RemovePermission .

          NOTE:
              Each StatementId must be unique.

       --condition (structure)
          This  parameter enables you to limit the permission to accounts that
          fulfill a certain condition, such as being a  member  of  a  certain
          Amazon  Web Services organization. For more information about Amazon
          Web Services Organizations, see What Is Amazon Web Services  Organi-
          zations in the Amazon Web Services Organizations User Guide .

          If  you  specify  Condition with an Amazon Web Services organization
          ID, and specify "*" as the value for Principal , you  grant  permis-
          sion to all the accounts in the named organization.

          The  Condition  is a JSON string which must contain Type , Key , and
          Value fields.

          Type -> (string)
              Specifies the type of condition. Currently  the  only  supported
              value is StringEquals .

          Key -> (string)
              Specifies  the  key  for  the condition. Currently the only sup-
              ported key is aws:PrincipalOrgID .

          Value -> (string)
              Specifies the value for the key. Currently, this must be the  ID
              of the organization.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Type=string,Key=string,Value=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "Type": "string",
            "Key": "string",
            "Value": "string"
          }

       --policy (string)
          A  JSON  string  that describes the permission policy statement. You
          can include a Policy parameter in the request instead of  using  the
          StatementId , Action , Principal , or Condition parameters.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              PUT-PERMISSION()
