TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified EventBridge
       resource. Tags can help you organize and categorize your resources. You
       can  also use them to scope user permissions by granting a user permis-
       sion to access or change only resources with  certain  tag  values.  In
       EventBridge, rules and event buses can be tagged.

       Tags don't have any semantic meaning to Amazon Web Services and are in-
       terpreted strictly as strings of characters.

       You can use the TagResource action with a  resource  that  already  has
       tags. If you specify a new tag key, this tag is appended to the list of
       tags associated with the resource. If you specify a tag key that is al-
       ready  associated with the resource, the new tag value that you specify
       replaces the previous value for that tag.

       You can associate as many as 50 tags with a resource.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the EventBridge resource that you're adding tags to.

       --tags (list)
          The list of key-value pairs to associate with the resource.

          (structure)
              A key-value pair associated with  an  Amazon  Web  Services  re-
              source. In EventBridge, rules and event buses support tagging.

              Key -> (string)
                 A  string  you  can use to assign a value. The combination of
                 tag keys and values can help you organize and categorize your
                 resources.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value for the specified tag key.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
