BOT-LOCALE-BUILT()                                          BOT-LOCALE-BUILT()



NAME
       bot-locale-built -

DESCRIPTION
       Wait  until a bot locale is built It will poll every 10 seconds until a
       successful state has been reached. This will exit with a return code of
       255 after 35 failed checks.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            bot-locale-built
          --bot-id <value>
          --bot-version <value>
          --locale-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-id (string)
          The identifier of the bot associated with the locale.

       --bot-version (string)
          The identifier of the version of the bot associated with the locale.

       --locale-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of  the locale to describe. The string must
          match one of  the  supported  locales.  For  more  information,  see
          Supported languages .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            BOT-LOCALE-BUILT()
