DELETE-MESSAGE()                                              DELETE-MESSAGE()



NAME
       delete-message -

DESCRIPTION
       Sends  an  event  to  a specific room which directs clients to delete a
       specific message; that is, unrender it from view and delete it from the
       clients  chat  history.  This  events EventName is aws:DELETE_MESSAGE .
       This replicates the DeleteMessage WebSocket operation in the Amazon IVS
       Chat Messaging API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-message
          --id <value>
          [--reason <value>]
          --room-identifier <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --id (string)
          ID  of  the  message  to be deleted. This is the Id field in the re-
          ceived message (see Message (Subscribe) in the Chat Messaging API).

       --reason (string)
          Reason for deleting the message.

       --room-identifier (string)
          Identifier of the room where the message  should  be  deleted.  Cur-
          rently this must be an ARN.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       id -> (string)
          Operation identifier, generated by Amazon IVS Chat.



                                                              DELETE-MESSAGE()
