DISCONNECT-USER()                                            DISCONNECT-USER()



NAME
       disconnect-user -

DESCRIPTION
       Disconnects all connections using a specified user ID from a room. This
       replicates the DisconnectUser WebSocket operation  in  the  Amazon  IVS
       Chat Messaging API.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disconnect-user
          [--reason <value>]
          --room-identifier <value>
          --user-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --reason (string)
          Reason for disconnecting the user.

       --room-identifier (string)
          Identifier  of the room from which the user's clients should be dis-
          connected. Currently this must be an ARN.

       --user-id (string)
          ID of the user (connection) to disconnect from the room.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To disconnect a user from a room

       The following disconnect-user example disconnects all  connections  for
       the  specified user from the specified room. On success it returns HTTP
       200 with an empty response body.

          aws ivschat disconnect-user \
              --roomIdentifier "arn:aws:ivschat:us-west-2:12345689012:room/g1H2I3j4k5L6" \
              --userId "ABC123def456" \
              --reason "Violated terms of service"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Getting Started with Amazon IVS Chat  in  the
       Amazon Interactive Video Service User Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DISCONNECT-USER()
