TAG-RESOURCE()                                                  TAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       tag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Adds or updates tags for the AWS resource with the specified ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            tag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tags <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource to be tagged. The ARN must be URL-encoded.

       --tags (map)
          Array of tags to be added or updated.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To use the following examples, you must have the AWS  CLI  installed
          and  configured.  See  the Getting started guide in the AWS CLI User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like  quotation
          rules.  These  examples  will  need to be adapted to your terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To add or update tags for an AWS resource (for example: Room)

       The following tag-resource example adds or updates tags for a specified
       resource ARN (Amazon Resource Name). On success  it  returns  HTTP  200
       with an empty response body.

          aws ivschat tag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ivschat:us-west-2:12345689012:room/g1H2I3j4k5L6 \
              --tags "tagkey1=tagkeyvalue1, tagkey2=tagkeyvalue2"

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Tagging in the Amazon Interactive Video Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                TAG-RESOURCE()
