UNTAG-RESOURCE()                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()



NAME
       untag-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Removes tags from the resource with the specified ARN.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            untag-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          --tag-keys <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The ARN of the resource to be untagged. The ARN must be URL-encoded.

       --tag-keys (list)
          Array of tags to be removed.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To remove tags for an AWS resource (for example: Room)

       The following untag-resource example removes the specified tags  for  a
       specified  resource  ARN  (Amazon Resource Name). On success it returns
       HTTP 200 with an empty response body.

          aws ivschat untag-resource \
              --resource-arn arn:aws:ivschat:us-west-2:12345689012:room/g1H2I3j4k5L6 \
              --tag-keys "tagkey1, tagkey2"

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Tagging in the Amazon Interactive Video  Ser-
       vice API Reference.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                              UNTAG-RESOURCE()
