DELETE-INSTANCE()                                            DELETE-INSTANCE()



NAME
       delete-instance -

DESCRIPTION
       This  API  is  in  preview release for Amazon Connect and is subject to
       change.

       Deletes the Amazon Connect instance.

       Amazon Connect enforces a limit on the total number of  instances  that
       you can create or delete in 30 days. If you exceed this limit, you will
       get an error message indicating there has been an excessive  number  of
       attempts  at  creating or deleting instances. You must wait 30 days be-
       fore you can restart creating and deleting instances in your account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-instance
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             DELETE-INSTANCE()
