DISASSOCIATE-LEX-BOT()                                  DISASSOCIATE-LEX-BOT()



NAME
       disassociate-lex-bot -

DESCRIPTION
       This  API  is  in  preview release for Amazon Connect and is subject to
       change.

       Revokes authorization from the specified instance to access the  speci-
       fied Amazon Lex bot.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            disassociate-lex-bot
          --instance-id <value>
          --bot-name <value>
          --lex-region <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex bot. Maximum character limit of 50.

       --lex-region (string)
          The Region in which the Amazon Lex bot has been created.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                        DISASSOCIATE-LEX-BOT()
