GET-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()                              GET-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       get-contact-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Retrieves the contact attributes for the specified contact.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-contact-attributes
          --instance-id <value>
          --initial-contact-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.

       --initial-contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the initial contact.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To retrieve the attributes for a contact

       The  following  get-contact-attributes example retrieves the attributes
       that were set for the specified Amazon Connect contact.

          aws connect get-contact-attributes \
              --instance-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --initial-contact-id 12345678-1111-2222-800e-a2b3c4d5f6g7

       Output:

          {
              "Attributes": {
                  "greetingPlayed": "true"
              }
          }

       For more information, see Use Amazon Connect Contact Attributes in  the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       Attributes -> (map)
          Information about the attributes.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)



                                                      GET-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()
