LIST-ROUTING-PROFILES()                                LIST-ROUTING-PROFILES()



NAME
       list-routing-profiles -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  summary information about the routing profiles for the speci-
       fied Amazon Connect instance.

       For more information about routing profiles, see Routing  Profiles  and
       Create a Routing Profile in the Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-routing-profiles  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: RoutingProfileSummaryList

SYNOPSIS
            list-routing-profiles
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To list the routing profiles in an instance

       The following list-routing-profiles example lists the routing  profiles
       in the specified Amazon Connect instance.

          aws connect list-routing-profiles \
              --instance-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       Output:

          {
              "RoutingProfileSummaryList": [
                  {
                      "Id": "12345678-1111-2222-800e-a2b3c4d5f6g7",
                      "Arn": "arn:aws:connect:us-west-2:123456789012:instance/a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111/routing-profile/12345678-1111-2222-800e-a2b3c4d5f6g7",
                      "Name": "Basic Routing Profile"
                  },
              ]
          }

       For  more  information, see Create a Routing Profile in the Amazon Con-
       nect Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       RoutingProfileSummaryList -> (list)
          Information about the routing profiles.

          (structure)
              Contains summary information about a routing profile.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the routing profile.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing profile.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the routing profile.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If there are additional results, this is the token for the next  set
          of results.



                                                       LIST-ROUTING-PROFILES()
