LIST-QUICK-CONNECTS()                                    LIST-QUICK-CONNECTS()



NAME
       list-quick-connects -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  information about the quick connects for the specified Amazon
       Connect instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-quick-connects is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: QuickConnectSummaryList

SYNOPSIS
            list-quick-connects
          --instance-id <value>
          [--quick-connect-types <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --quick-connect-types (list)
          The type of quick connect. In the Amazon Connect console,  when  you
          create  a  quick connect, you are prompted to assign one of the fol-
          lowing  types:  Agent  (USER),  External  (PHONE_NUMBER),  or  Queue
          (QUEUE).

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

          Where valid values are:
            USER
            QUEUE
            PHONE_NUMBER

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       QuickConnectSummaryList -> (list)
          Information about the quick connects.

          (structure)
              Contains summary information about a quick connect.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier for the quick connect.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the quick connect.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the quick connect.

              QuickConnectType -> (string)
                 The type of quick connect. In  the  Amazon  Connect  console,
                 when  you  create a quick connect, you are prompted to assign
                 one  of  the  following   types:   Agent   (USER),   External
                 (PHONE_NUMBER), or Queue (QUEUE).

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  there are additional results, this is the token for the next set
          of results.



                                                         LIST-QUICK-CONNECTS()
