LIST-HOURS-OF-OPERATIONS()                          LIST-HOURS-OF-OPERATIONS()



NAME
       list-hours-of-operations -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  information  about  the  hours of operation for the specified
       Amazon Connect instance.

       For more information about hours of operation, see Set the Hours of Op-
       eration for a Queue in the Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-hours-of-operations  is  a paginated operation. Multiple API calls
       may be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You
       can  disable  pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When
       using --output text and the --query argument on a  paginated  response,
       the  --query argument must extract data from the results of the follow-
       ing query expressions: HoursOfOperationSummaryList

SYNOPSIS
            list-hours-of-operations
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To list the hours of operation in an instance

       The following list-hours-of-operations example lists the hours of oper-
       ations for the specified Amazon Connect instance.

          aws connect list-hours-of-operations \
              --instance-id 40c83b68-ea62-414c-97bb-d018e39e158e

       Output:

          {
              "HoursOfOperationSummaryList": [
                  {
                      "Id": "d69f1f84-7457-4924-8fbe-e64875546259",
                      "Arn": "arn:aws:connect:us-west-2:123456789012:instance/40c83b68-ea62-414c-97bb-d018e39e158e/operating-hours/d69f1f84-7457-4924-8fbe-e64875546259",
                      "Name": "Basic Hours"
                  }
              ]
          }

       For more information, see Set the Hours of Operation for a Queue in the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       HoursOfOperationSummaryList -> (list)
          Information about the hours of operation.

          (structure)
              Contains summary information about hours of operation for a con-
              tact center.

              Id -> (string)
                 The identifier of the hours of operation.

              Arn -> (string)
                 The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the hours of operation.

              Name -> (string)
                 The name of the hours of operation.

       NextToken -> (string)
          If  there are additional results, this is the token for the next set
          of results.



                                                    LIST-HOURS-OF-OPERATIONS()
