PUT-USER-STATUS()                                            PUT-USER-STATUS()



NAME
       put-user-status -

DESCRIPTION
       Changes the current status of a user or agent in Amazon Connect. If the
       agent is currently handling a contact, this sets the agent's next  sta-
       tus.

       For  more information, see Agent status and Set your next status in the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            put-user-status
          --user-id <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          --agent-status-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --user-id (string)
          The identifier of the user.

       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --agent-status-id (string)
          The identifier of the agent status.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                             PUT-USER-STATUS()
