RESUME-CONTACT-RECORDING()                          RESUME-CONTACT-RECORDING()



NAME
       resume-contact-recording -

DESCRIPTION
       When  a contact is being recorded, and the recording has been suspended
       using SuspendContactRecording, this API resumes recording the call.

       Only voice recordings are supported at this time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            resume-contact-recording
          --instance-id <value>
          --contact-id <value>
          --initial-contact-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact.

       --initial-contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact. This is the identifier of the contact
          associated with the first interaction with the contact center.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                    RESUME-CONTACT-RECORDING()
