START-CONTACT-STREAMING()                            START-CONTACT-STREAMING()



NAME
       start-contact-streaming -

DESCRIPTION
       Initiates real-time message streaming for a new chat contact.

       For more information about message streaming, see Enable real-time chat
       message streaming in the Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-contact-streaming
          --instance-id <value>
          --contact-id <value>
          --chat-streaming-configuration <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact. This is the identifier of the contact
          associated with the first interaction with the contact center.

       --chat-streaming-configuration (structure)
          The streaming configuration, such as the Amazon SNS  streaming  end-
          point.

          StreamingEndpointArn -> (string)
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the standard Amazon SNS topic.
              The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the streaming endpoint that is
              used  to  publish real-time message streaming for chat conversa-
              tions.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          StreamingEndpointArn=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "StreamingEndpointArn": "string"
          }

       --client-token (string)
          A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to  ensure  the
          idempotency of the request.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       StreamingId -> (string)
          The identifier of the streaming configuration enabled.



                                                     START-CONTACT-STREAMING()
