SUSPEND-CONTACT-RECORDING()                        SUSPEND-CONTACT-RECORDING()



NAME
       suspend-contact-recording -

DESCRIPTION
       When a contact is being recorded, this API suspends recording the call.
       For example, you might suspend the call recording while collecting sen-
       sitive  information,  such as a credit card number. Then use ResumeCon-
       tactRecording to restart recording.

       The period of time that the recording is suspended is filled  with  si-
       lence in the final recording.

       Only voice recordings are supported at this time.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            suspend-contact-recording
          --instance-id <value>
          --contact-id <value>
          --initial-contact-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact.

       --initial-contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact. This is the identifier of the contact
          associated with the first interaction with the contact center.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   SUSPEND-CONTACT-RECORDING()
