UPDATE-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()                        UPDATE-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()



NAME
       update-contact-attributes -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates  or updates user-defined contact attributes associated with the
       specified contact.

       You can create or update user-defined attributes for both  ongoing  and
       completed  contacts. For example, while the call is active, you can up-
       date the customer's name or the reason the customer called. You can add
       notes  about  steps that the agent took during the call that display to
       the next agent that takes the call. You can also update attributes  for
       a  contact  using data from your CRM application and save the data with
       the contact in Amazon Connect. You could also flag calls for additional
       analysis, such as legal review or to identify abusive callers.

       Contact  attributes  are available in Amazon Connect for 24 months, and
       are then deleted. For information about CTR retention and  the  maximum
       size  of  the CTR attributes section, see Feature specifications in the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .
          Important: You cannot use the operation  to  update  attributes  for
          contacts  that  occurred  prior to the release of the API, which was
          September 12, 2018. You can update attributes only for contacts that
          started  after  the release of the API. If you attempt to update at-
          tributes for a contact that occurred prior to  the  release  of  the
          API,  a 400 error is returned. This applies also to queued callbacks
          that were initiated prior to the release of the API  but  are  still
          active in your instance.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-contact-attributes
          --initial-contact-id <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          --attributes <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --initial-contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact. This is the identifier of the contact
          associated with the first interaction with the contact center.

       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the  in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --attributes (map)
          The  Amazon  Connect attributes. These attributes can be accessed in
          contact flows just like any other contact attributes.

          You can have up to 32,768 UTF-8 bytes across all  attributes  for  a
          contact. Attribute keys can include only alphanumeric, dash, and un-
          derscore characters.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       Shorthand Syntax:

          KeyName1=string,KeyName2=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {"string": "string"
            ...}

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       To update a contact's attribute

       The  following  update-contact-attributes example updates the greeting-
       Played attribute for the specified Amazon Connect user.

          aws connect update-contact-attributes \
              --initial-contact-id 11111111-2222-3333-4444-12345678910 \
              --instance-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111 \
              --attributes greetingPlayed=false

       This command produces no output.

       For more information, see Use Amazon Connect Contact Attributes in  the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-CONTACT-ATTRIBUTES()
