UPDATE-USER-SECURITY-PROFILES()                UPDATE-USER-SECURITY-PROFILES()



NAME
       update-user-security-profiles -

DESCRIPTION
       Assigns the specified security profiles to the specified user.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-user-security-profiles
          --security-profile-ids <value>
          --user-id <value>
          --instance-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --security-profile-ids (list)
          The identifiers of the security profiles for the user.

          (string)

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --user-id (string)
          The identifier of the user account.

       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

EXAMPLES
       NOTE:
          To  use  the following examples, you must have the AWS CLI installed
          and configured. See the Getting started guide in the  AWS  CLI  User
          Guide for more information.

          Unless  otherwise  stated,  all  examples  have  unix-like quotation
          rules. These examples will need to be  adapted  to  your  terminal's
          quoting rules. See Using quotation marks with strings in the AWS CLI
          User Guide .

       To update a user's security profiles

       The following update-user-security-profiles example updates  the  secu-
       rity profile for the specified Amazon Connect user.

          aws connect update-user-security-profiles \
              --security-profile-ids 12345678-1234-1234-1234-1234567892111 \
              --user-id 87654321-2222-1234-1234-111234567891 \
              --instance-id a1b2c3d4-5678-90ab-cdef-EXAMPLE11111

       This command produces no output.

       For  more information, see Assign Permissions: Security Profiles in the
       Amazon Connect Administrator Guide.

OUTPUT
       None



                                               UPDATE-USER-SECURITY-PROFILES()
