UPDATE-CONTACT-SCHEDULE()                            UPDATE-CONTACT-SCHEDULE()



NAME
       update-contact-schedule -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the scheduled time of a task contact that is already scheduled.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-contact-schedule
          --instance-id <value>
          --contact-id <value>
          --scheduled-time <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --contact-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact.

       --scheduled-time (timestamp)
          The timestamp, in Unix Epoch seconds format, at which to start  run-
          ning  the  inbound contact flow. The scheduled time cannot be in the
          past. It must be within up to 6 days in future.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                     UPDATE-CONTACT-SCHEDULE()
