UPDATE-CONTACT-FLOW-CONTENT()                    UPDATE-CONTACT-FLOW-CONTENT()



NAME
       update-contact-flow-content -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates the specified contact flow.

       You  can  also create and update contact flows using the Amazon Connect
       Flow language .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-contact-flow-content
          --instance-id <value>
          --contact-flow-id <value>
          --content <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.

       --contact-flow-id (string)
          The identifier of the contact flow.

       --content (string)
          The JSON string that represents contact flows content. For an  exam-
          ple, see Example contact flow in Amazon Connect Flow language in the
          Amazon Connect Administrator Guide .

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                 UPDATE-CONTACT-FLOW-CONTENT()
