UPDATE-QUEUE-MAX-CONTACTS()                        UPDATE-QUEUE-MAX-CONTACTS()



NAME
       update-queue-max-contacts -

DESCRIPTION
       This  API  is  in  preview release for Amazon Connect and is subject to
       change.

       Updates the maximum number of contacts allowed in a queue before it  is
       considered full.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-queue-max-contacts
          --instance-id <value>
          --queue-id <value>
          [--max-contacts <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --instance-id (string)
          The  identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can find the in-
          stanceId in the ARN of the instance.

       --queue-id (string)
          The identifier for the queue.

       --max-contacts (integer)
          The maximum number of contacts that can be in the queue before it is
          considered full.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                   UPDATE-QUEUE-MAX-CONTACTS()
