UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER()                                    UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER()



NAME
       update-phone-number -

DESCRIPTION
       Updates  your  claimed phone number from its current Amazon Connect in-
       stance to another Amazon Connect instance in the same Region.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            update-phone-number
          --phone-number-id <value>
          --target-arn <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --phone-number-id (string)
          A unique identifier for the phone number.

       --target-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for  Amazon  Connect  instances  that
          phone numbers are claimed to.

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       PhoneNumberId -> (string)
          A unique identifier for the phone number.

       PhoneNumberArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the phone number.



                                                         UPDATE-PHONE-NUMBER()
