STOP-INFERENCE-SCHEDULER()                          STOP-INFERENCE-SCHEDULER()



NAME
       stop-inference-scheduler -

DESCRIPTION
       Stops an inference scheduler.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            stop-inference-scheduler
          --inference-scheduler-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --inference-scheduler-name (string)
          The name of the inference scheduler to be stopped.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       ModelArn -> (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ML model used by the inference
          scheduler being stopped.

       ModelName -> (string)
          The name of the ML model  used  by  the  inference  scheduler  being
          stopped.

       InferenceSchedulerName -> (string)
          The name of the inference scheduler being stopped.

       InferenceSchedulerArn -> (string)
          The  Amazon  Resource  Name  (ARN)  of  the inference schedule being
          stopped.

       Status -> (string)
          Indicates the status of the inference scheduler.



                                                    STOP-INFERENCE-SCHEDULER()
