CREATE-TRUST-STORE()                                      CREATE-TRUST-STORE()



NAME
       create-trust-store -

DESCRIPTION
       Creates a trust store that can be associated with a web portal. A trust
       store contains certificate authority (CA) certificates. Once associated
       with  a  web  portal, the browser in a streaming session will recognize
       certificates that have been issued using any of the CAs  in  the  trust
       store. If your organization has internal websites that use certificates
       issued by private CAs, you should add the private CA certificate to the
       trust store.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            create-trust-store
          --certificate-list <value>
          [--client-token <value>]
          [--tags <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --certificate-list (list)
          A list of CA certificates to be added to the trust store.

          (blob)

       Syntax:

          blob blob ...

       --client-token (string)
          A  unique,  case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the
          idempotency of the request. Idempotency ensures that an API  request
          completes only once. With an idempotent request, if the original re-
          quest completes  successfully,  subsequent  retries  with  the  same
          client  token  returns  the  result from the original successful re-
          quest.

          If you do not specify a client token, one is automatically generated
          by the AWS SDK.

       --tags (list)
          The tags to add to the trust store. A tag is a key-value pair.

          (structure)
              The tag.

              Key -> (string)
                 The key of the tag.

              Value -> (string)
                 The value of the tag

       Shorthand Syntax:

          Key=string,Value=string ...

       JSON Syntax:

          [
            {
              "Key": "string",
              "Value": "string"
            }
            ...
          ]

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       trustStoreArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the trust store.



                                                          CREATE-TRUST-STORE()
