GET-BROWSER-SETTINGS()                                  GET-BROWSER-SETTINGS()



NAME
       get-browser-settings -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets browser settings.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-browser-settings
          --browser-settings-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --browser-settings-arn (string)
          The ARN of the browser settings.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       browserSettings -> (structure)
          The browser settings.

          associatedPortalArns -> (list)
              A  list of web portal ARNs that this browser settings is associ-
              ated with.

              (string)

          browserPolicy -> (string)
              A JSON string containing Chrome Enterprise policies that will be
              applied to all streaming sessions.

          browserSettingsArn -> (string)
              The ARN of the browser settings.



                                                        GET-BROWSER-SETTINGS()
