GET-TRUST-STORE-CERTIFICATE()                    GET-TRUST-STORE-CERTIFICATE()



NAME
       get-trust-store-certificate -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets the trust store certificate.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-trust-store-certificate
          --thumbprint <value>
          --trust-store-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --thumbprint (string)
          The thumbprint of the trust store certificate.

       --trust-store-arn (string)
          The ARN of the trust store certificate.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       certificate -> (structure)
          The certificate of the trust store certificate.

          body -> (blob)
              The body of the certificate.

          issuer -> (string)
              The entity that issued the certificate.

          notValidAfter -> (timestamp)
              The certificate is not valid after this date.

          notValidBefore -> (timestamp)
              The certificate is not valid before this date.

          subject -> (string)
              The entity the certificate belongs to.

          thumbprint -> (string)
              A hexadecimal identifier for the certificate.

       trustStoreArn -> (string)
          The ARN of the trust store certificate.



                                                 GET-TRUST-STORE-CERTIFICATE()
