LIST-TABLES()                                                    LIST-TABLES()



NAME
       list-tables -

DESCRIPTION
       The ListTables API allows you to retrieve a list of all the tables in a
       workbook.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       list-tables is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be  issued
       in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable
       pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using  --out-
       put  text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query
       argument must extract data from the results of the following query  ex-
       pressions: tables

SYNOPSIS
            list-tables
          --workbook-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workbook-id (string)
          The ID of the workbook whose tables are being retrieved.

          If  a  workbook  with  the specified id could not be found, this API
          throws ResourceNotFoundException.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tables -> (list)
          The list of tables in the workbook.

          (structure)
              An object representing the properties of a table in a workbook.

              tableId -> (string)
                 The id of the table.

              tableName -> (string)
                 The name of the table.

       nextToken -> (string)
          Provides  the  pagination  token  to load the next page if there are
          more results matching the request. If  a  pagination  token  is  not
          present in the response, it means that all data matching the request
          has been loaded.

       workbookCursor -> (long)
          Indicates the cursor of the workbook at which the data  returned  by
          this  request  is  read. Workbook cursor keeps increasing with every
          update and the increments are not sequential.



                                                                 LIST-TABLES()
