QUERY-TABLE-ROWS()                                          QUERY-TABLE-ROWS()



NAME
       query-table-rows -

DESCRIPTION
       The  QueryTableRows API allows you to use a filter formula to query for
       specific rows in a table.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       query-table-rows is a paginated operation. Multiple API  calls  may  be
       issued  in  order  to  retrieve the entire data set of results. You can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output  text  and  the  --query argument on a paginated response, the
       --query argument must extract data from the results  of  the  following
       query expressions: rows

SYNOPSIS
            query-table-rows
          --workbook-id <value>
          --table-id <value>
          --filter-formula <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --workbook-id (string)
          The ID of the workbook whose table rows are being queried.

          If  a  workbook  with  the specified id could not be found, this API
          throws ResourceNotFoundException.

       --table-id (string)
          The ID of the table whose rows are being queried.

          If a table with the specified id could not be found, this API throws
          ResourceNotFoundException.

       --filter-formula (structure)
          An  object that represents a filter formula along with the id of the
          context row under which the filter function needs to evaluate.

          formula -> (string)
              A formula representing a filter function that  returns  zero  or
              more  matching  rows  from a table. Valid formulas in this field
              return a list of rows from a table.  The  most  common  ways  of
              writing  a formula to return a list of rows are to use the Find-
              Row() or Filter() functions. Any other formula that returns zero
              or more rows is also acceptable. For example, you can use a for-
              mula that points to a cell that contains a filter function.

          contextRowId -> (string)
              The optional contextRowId attribute can be used to  specify  the
              row id of the context row if the filter formula contains unqual-
              ified references to table columns and needs  a  context  row  to
              evaluate them successfully.

       Shorthand Syntax:

          formula=string,contextRowId=string

       JSON Syntax:

          {
            "formula": "string",
            "contextRowId": "string"
          }

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       columnIds -> (list)
          The  list  of columns in the table whose row data is returned in the
          result.

          (string)

       rows -> (list)
          The list of rows in the table that match the query filter.

          (structure)
              An object that contains attributes about a single row in a table

              rowId -> (string)
                 The id of the row in the table.

              cells -> (list)
                 A list of cells in the table row. The  cells  appear  in  the
                 same order as the columns of the table.

                 (structure)
                     An object that represents a single cell in a table.

                     formula -> (string)
                        The formula contained in the cell. This field is empty
                        if a cell does not have a formula.

                     format -> (string)
                        The format of the cell. If this field is  empty,  then
                        the  format is either not specified in the workbook or
                        the format is set to AUTO.

                     rawValue -> (string)
                        The raw value of the data contained in the  cell.  The
                        raw  value  depends  on  the format of the data in the
                        cell. However the attribute in the API return value is
                        always a string containing the raw value.

                        Cells with format DATE, DATE_TIME or TIME have the raw
                        value as a floating point number where the whole  num-
                        ber  represents  the number of days since 1/1/1900 and
                        the fractional part represents the fraction of the day
                        since   midnight.   For  example,  a  cell  with  date
                        11/3/2020 has the raw value "44138". A cell  with  the
                        time 9:00 AM has the raw value "0.375" and a cell with
                        date/time value of 11/3/2020 9:00 AM has the raw value
                        "44138.375".  Notice that even though the raw value is
                        a number in all three cases, it is  still  represented
                        as a string.

                        Cells with format NUMBER, CURRENCY, PERCENTAGE and AC-
                        COUNTING have the raw value of the data as the  number
                        representing  the  data  being displayed. For example,
                        the number 1.325 with two decimal places in the format
                        will  have  it's  raw  value  as "1.325" and formatted
                        value as "1.33". A currency value for  $10  will  have
                        the raw value as "10" and formatted value as "$10.00".
                        A value representing 20% with two  decimal  places  in
                        the  format  will  have its raw value as "0.2" and the
                        formatted value as "20.00%". An  accounting  value  of
                        -$25  will have "-25" as the raw value and "$ (25.00)"
                        as the formatted value.

                        Cells with format TEXT will have the raw text  as  the
                        raw  value. For example, a cell with text "John Smith"
                        will have "John Smith" as both the raw value  and  the
                        formatted value.

                        Cells  with  format  CONTACT will have the name of the
                        contact as a formatted value and the email address  of
                        the  contact  as the raw value. For example, a contact
                        for John Smith will have "John Smith" as the formatted
                        value and "john.smith@example.com" as the raw value.

                        Cells with format ROWLINK (aka picklist) will have the
                        first column of the linked row as the formatted  value
                        and the row id of the linked row as the raw value. For
                        example, a cell containing a picklist to a table  that
                        displays  task  status  might  have "Completed" as the
                        formatted         value         and         "row:dfce-
                        faee-5b37-4355-8f28-40c3e4ff5dd4/ca432b2f-b8eb-431d-9fb5-cbe0342f9f03"
                        as the raw value.

                        Cells  with  format  ROWSET   (aka   multi-select   or
                        multi-record  picklist) will by default have the first
                        column of each of the linked  rows  as  the  formatted
                        value  in  the  list,  and the rowset id of the linked
                        rows as the raw value. For example, a cell  containing
                        a multi-select picklist to a table that contains items
                        might have "Item A", "Item B" in the  formatted  value
                        list  and  "rows:b742c1f4-6cb0-4650-a845-35eb86fcc2bb/
                        [fdea123b-8f68-474a-aa8a-5ff87aa333af,6daf41f0-a138-4eee-89da-123086d36ecf]"
                        as the raw value.

                        Cells with format ATTACHMENT will have the name of the
                        attachment as the formatted value and  the  attachment
                        id as the raw value. For example, a cell containing an
                        attachment named "image.jpeg" will  have  "image.jpeg"
                        as     the     formatted     value     and    "attach-
                        ment:ca432b2f-b8eb-431d-9fb5-cbe0342f9f03" as the  raw
                        value.

                        Cells  with  format  AUTO  or cells without any format
                        that are auto-detected as one  of  the  formats  above
                        will contain the raw and formatted values as mentioned
                        above, based on the auto-detected formats. If there is
                        no  auto-detected format, the raw and formatted values
                        will be the same as the data in the cell.

                     formattedValue -> (string)
                        The formatted value of the cell.  This  is  the  value
                        that you see displayed in the cell in the UI.

                        Note that the formatted value of a cell is always rep-
                        resented as a string irrespective of the data that  is
                        stored  in the cell. For example, if a cell contains a
                        date, the formatted value of the cell  is  the  string
                        representation  of  the  formatted date being shown in
                        the cell in the UI. See details in the rawValue  field
                        below  for  how  cells  of different formats will have
                        different raw and formatted values.

                     formattedValues -> (list)
                        A list of formatted values of the cell. This field  is
                        only  returned  when  the  cell  is ROWSET format (aka
                        multi-select or multi-record picklist). Values in  the
                        list are always represented as strings. The formatted-
                        Value field will be empty if this field is returned.

                        (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          Provides the pagination token to load the next  page  if  there  are
          more  results  matching  the  request.  If a pagination token is not
          present in the response, it means that all data matching the request
          has been loaded.

       workbookCursor -> (long)
          Indicates  the  cursor of the workbook at which the data returned by
          this request is read. Workbook cursor keeps  increasing  with  every
          update and the increments are not sequential.



                                                            QUERY-TABLE-ROWS()
