DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()                                          DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()



NAME
       delete-bot-alias -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes an alias for the specified bot.

       You can't delete an alias that is used in the association between a bot
       and a messaging channel. If an alias is used in a channel  association,
       the DeleteBot operation returns a ResourceInUseException exception that
       includes a reference to the channel association that refers to the bot.
       You can remove the reference to the alias by deleting the channel asso-
       ciation. If you get the same exception again, delete the referring  as-
       sociation until the DeleteBotAlias operation is successful.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bot-alias
          --name <value>
          --bot-name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the alias to delete. The name is case sensitive.

       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the bot that the alias points to.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                            DELETE-BOT-ALIAS()
