DELETE-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()              DELETE-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       delete-bot-channel-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes the association between an Amazon Lex bot and a messaging plat-
       form.

       This operation requires permission for the lex:DeleteBotChannelAssocia-
       tion action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bot-channel-association
          --name <value>
          --bot-name <value>
          --bot-alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the association. The name is case sensitive.

       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex bot.

       --bot-alias (string)
          An  alias  that points to the specific version of the Amazon Lex bot
          to which this association is being made.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                              DELETE-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()
