DELETE-BOT()                                                      DELETE-BOT()



NAME
       delete-bot -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  all  versions  of  the  bot, including the $LATEST version. To
       delete a specific version of the bot, use the  DeleteBotVersion  opera-
       tion.  The  DeleteBot  operation  doesn't  immediately  remove  the bot
       schema. Instead, it is marked for deletion and removed later.

       Amazon Lex stores utterances indefinitely for improving the ability  of
       your  bot  to  respond to user inputs. These utterances are not removed
       when the bot is deleted. To remove the utterances, use  the   DeleteUt-
       terances operation.

       If  a bot has an alias, you can't delete it. Instead, the DeleteBot op-
       eration returns a ResourceInUseException exception that includes a ref-
       erence  to the alias that refers to the bot. To remove the reference to
       the bot, delete the alias. If you get the same exception again,  delete
       the referring alias until the DeleteBot operation is successful.

       This operation requires permissions for the lex:DeleteBot action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-bot
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the bot. The name is case sensitive.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                                  DELETE-BOT()
