DELETE-INTENT()                                                DELETE-INTENT()



NAME
       delete-intent -

DESCRIPTION
       Deletes  all  versions of the intent, including the $LATEST version. To
       delete a specific version of the intent, use  the   DeleteIntentVersion
       operation.

       You  can delete a version of an intent only if it is not referenced. To
       delete an intent  that  is  referred  to  in  one  or  more  bots  (see
       how-it-works ), you must remove those references first.

       NOTE:
          If  you get the ResourceInUseException exception, it provides an ex-
          ample reference that shows where the intent is referenced. To remove
          the  reference to the intent, either update the bot or delete it. If
          you get the same exception when you attempt  to  delete  the  intent
          again,  repeat  until  the  intent has no references and the call to
          DeleteIntent is successful.

       This operation requires permission for the lex:DeleteIntent action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            delete-intent
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the intent. The name is case sensitive.

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       None



                                                               DELETE-INTENT()
