GET-SLOT-TYPES()                                              GET-SLOT-TYPES()



NAME
       get-slot-types -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns slot type information as follows:

       o If you specify the nameContains field, returns the $LATEST version of
         all slot types that contain the specified string.

       o If you don't specify  the  nameContains  field,  returns  information
         about the $LATEST version of all slot types.

       The operation requires permission for the lex:GetSlotTypes action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-slot-types  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be is-
       sued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can  dis-
       able  pagination  by  providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: slotTypes

SYNOPSIS
            get-slot-types
          [--name-contains <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-contains (string)
          Substring to match in slot type names. A slot type will be  returned
          if  any  part  of its name matches the substring. For example, "xyz"
          matches both "xyzabc" and "abcxyz."

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       slotTypes -> (list)
          An  array of objects, one for each slot type, that provides informa-
          tion such as the name of the slot type, the version, and a  descrip-
          tion.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a slot type..

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the slot type.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the slot type.

              lastUpdatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date  that  the slot type was updated. When you create a
                 resource, the creation date and last  updated  date  are  the
                 same.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the slot type was created.

              version -> (string)
                 The version of the slot type.

       nextToken -> (string)
          If  the  response  is truncated, it includes a pagination token that
          you can specify in your next request to fetch the next page of  slot
          types.



                                                              GET-SLOT-TYPES()
