GET-INTENTS()                                                    GET-INTENTS()



NAME
       get-intents -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns intent information as follows:

       o If you specify the nameContains field, returns the $LATEST version of
         all intents that contain the specified string.

       o If you don't specify  the  nameContains  field,  returns  information
         about the $LATEST version of all intents.

       The operation requires permission for the lex:GetIntents action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-intents  is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued
       in order to retrieve the entire data set of results.  You  can  disable
       pagination  by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using --out-
       put text and the --query argument on a paginated response, the  --query
       argument  must extract data from the results of the following query ex-
       pressions: intents

SYNOPSIS
            get-intents
          [--name-contains <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-contains (string)
          Substring to match in intent names. An intent will  be  returned  if
          any  part  of  its  name  matches  the substring. For example, "xyz"
          matches both "xyzabc" and "abcxyz."

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       intents -> (list)
          An array of Intent objects. For more information, see  PutBot .

          (structure)
              Provides information about an intent.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the intent.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the intent.

              lastUpdatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date that the intent was updated. When you create an in-
                 tent, the creation date and last updated date are the same.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the intent was created.

              version -> (string)
                 The version of the intent.

       nextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated, the response includes a pagination to-
          ken that you can specify in your next request to fetch the next page
          of intents.



                                                                 GET-INTENTS()
