GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()                    GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()



NAME
       get-bot-channel-association -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about the association between an Amazon Lex bot and
       a messaging platform.

       This operation requires permissions for  the  lex:GetBotChannelAssocia-
       tion action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-bot-channel-association
          --name <value>
          --bot-name <value>
          --bot-alias <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The  name  of  the  association between the bot and the channel. The
          name is case sensitive.

       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex bot.

       --bot-alias (string)
          An alias pointing to the specific version of the Amazon Lex  bot  to
          which this association is being made.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       name -> (string)
          The name of the association between the bot and the channel.

       description -> (string)
          A description of the association between the bot and the channel.

       botAlias -> (string)
          An  alias  pointing to the specific version of the Amazon Lex bot to
          which this association is being made.

       botName -> (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex bot.

       createdDate -> (timestamp)
          The date that the association between the bot and  the  channel  was
          created.

       type -> (string)
          The type of the messaging platform.

       botConfiguration -> (map)
          Provides  information  that the messaging platform needs to communi-
          cate with the Amazon Lex bot.

          key -> (string)

          value -> (string)

       status -> (string)
          The status of the bot channel.

          o CREATED - The channel has been created and is ready for use.

          o IN_PROGRESS - Channel creation is in progress.

          o FAILED - There was an error creating the channel. For  information
            about the reason for the failure, see the failureReason field.

       failureReason -> (string)
          If  status is FAILED , Amazon Lex provides the reason that it failed
          to create the association.



                                                 GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATION()
