GET-BUILTIN-INTENT()                                      GET-BUILTIN-INTENT()



NAME
       get-builtin-intent -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns information about a built-in intent.

       This operation requires permission for the lex:GetBuiltinIntent action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-builtin-intent
          --signature <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --signature (string)
          The  unique  identifier for a built-in intent. To find the signature
          for an intent, see Standard Built-in Intents in the Alexa Skills Kit
          .

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       signature -> (string)
          The unique identifier for a built-in intent.

       supportedLocales -> (list)
          A list of locales that the intent supports.

          (string)

       slots -> (list)
          An array of BuiltinIntentSlot objects, one entry for each slot  type
          in the intent.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a slot used in a built-in intent.

              name -> (string)
                 A list of the slots defined for the intent.



                                                          GET-BUILTIN-INTENT()
