GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATIONS()                  GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATIONS()



NAME
       get-bot-channel-associations -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns  a  list  of  all of the channels associated with the specified
       bot.

       The GetBotChannelAssociations operation requires  permissions  for  the
       lex:GetBotChannelAssociations action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-bot-channel-associations  is  a  paginated  operation. Multiple API
       calls may be issued in order to retrieve the entire  data  set  of  re-
       sults.  You can disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argu-
       ment.  When using --output text and the --query argument on a paginated
       response,  the  --query  argument must extract data from the results of
       the following query expressions: botChannelAssociations

SYNOPSIS
            get-bot-channel-associations
          --bot-name <value>
          --bot-alias <value>
          [--name-contains <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex bot in the association.

       --bot-alias (string)
          An alias pointing to the specific version of the Amazon Lex  bot  to
          which this association is being made.

       --name-contains (string)
          Substring to match in channel association names. An association will
          be returned if any part of its name matches the substring. For exam-
          ple,  "xyz"  matches  both  "xyzabc" and "abcxyz." To return all bot
          channel associations, use a hyphen ("-") as the nameContains parame-
          ter.

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       botChannelAssociations -> (list)
          An  array of objects, one for each association, that provides infor-
          mation about the Amazon Lex bot and its association with  the  chan-
          nel.

          (structure)
              Represents  an  association between an Amazon Lex bot and an ex-
              ternal messaging platform.

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the association between the bot and the channel.

              description -> (string)
                 A text description of the association you are creating.

              botAlias -> (string)
                 An alias pointing to the specific version of the  Amazon  Lex
                 bot to which this association is being made.

              botName -> (string)
                 The  name  of the Amazon Lex bot to which this association is
                 being made.

                 NOTE:
                     Currently, Amazon Lex supports associations with Facebook
                     and Slack, and Twilio.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The  date that the association between the Amazon Lex bot and
                 the channel was created.

              type -> (string)
                 Specifies the type of association by indicating the  type  of
                 channel  being established between the Amazon Lex bot and the
                 external messaging platform.

              botConfiguration -> (map)
                 Provides information necessary to communicate with  the  mes-
                 saging platform.

                 key -> (string)

                 value -> (string)

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the bot channel.

                 o CREATED  -  The  channel  has been created and is ready for
                   use.

                 o IN_PROGRESS - Channel creation is in progress.

                 o FAILED - There was an error creating the channel.  For  in-
                   formation about the reason for the failure, see the failur-
                   eReason field.

              failureReason -> (string)
                 If status is FAILED , Amazon Lex provides the reason that  it
                 failed to create the association.

       nextToken -> (string)
          A  pagination  token  that fetches the next page of associations. If
          the response to this call is truncated, Amazon Lex returns a pagina-
          tion  token in the response. To fetch the next page of associations,
          specify the pagination token in the next request.



                                                GET-BOT-CHANNEL-ASSOCIATIONS()
