GET-BOTS()                                                          GET-BOTS()



NAME
       get-bots -

DESCRIPTION
       Returns bot information as follows:

       o If you provide the nameContains field, the response includes informa-
         tion for the $LATEST version of all  bots  whose  name  contains  the
         specified string.

       o If  you  don't  specify the nameContains field, the operation returns
         information about the $LATEST version of all of your bots.

       This operation requires permission for the lex:GetBots action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-bots is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be issued  in
       order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You can disable pagi-
       nation by providing the --no-paginate argument.   When  using  --output
       text  and the --query argument on a paginated response, the --query ar-
       gument must extract data from the results of the  following  query  ex-
       pressions: bots

SYNOPSIS
            get-bots
          [--name-contains <value>]
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name-contains (string)
          Substring  to match in bot names. A bot will be returned if any part
          of its name matches the substring. For example, "xyz"  matches  both
          "xyzabc" and "abcxyz."

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       bots -> (list)
          An array of botMetadata objects, with one entry for each bot.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a bot. .

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the bot.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the bot.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the bot.

              lastUpdatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the bot was updated. When you create a bot, the
                 creation date and last updated date are the same.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the bot was created.

              version -> (string)
                 The version of the bot. For a new bot, the version is  always
                 $LATEST .

       nextToken -> (string)
          If  the  response  is truncated, it includes a pagination token that
          you can specify in your next request to fetch the next page of bots.



                                                                    GET-BOTS()
