GET-MIGRATION()                                                GET-MIGRATION()



NAME
       get-migration -

DESCRIPTION
       Provides  details about an ongoing or complete migration from an Amazon
       Lex V1 bot to an Amazon Lex V2 bot. Use this operation to view the  mi-
       gration alerts and warnings related to the migration.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-migration
          --migration-id <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --migration-id (string)
          The  unique  identifier of the migration to view. The migrationID is
          returned by the operation.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. If provided with the value output,  it  validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       migrationId -> (string)
          The  unique  identifier  of  the  migration. This is the same as the
          identifier used when calling the GetMigration operation.

       v1BotName -> (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex V1 bot migrated to Amazon Lex V2.

       v1BotVersion -> (string)
          The version of the Amazon Lex V1 bot migrated to Amazon Lex V2.

       v1BotLocale -> (string)
          The locale of the Amazon Lex V1 bot migrated to Amazon Lex V2.

       v2BotId -> (string)
          The unique identifier of the Amazon Lex V2 bot that the  Amazon  Lex
          V1 is being migrated to.

       v2BotRole -> (string)
          The IAM role that Amazon Lex uses to run the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

       migrationStatus -> (string)
          Indicates  the  status of the migration. When the status is COMPLETE
          the migration is finished and the bot is available in Amazon Lex V2.
          There  may  be  alerts and warnings that need to be resolved to com-
          plete the migration.

       migrationStrategy -> (string)
          The strategy used to conduct the migration.

          o CREATE_NEW - Creates a new Amazon Lex V2 bot and migrates the Ama-
            zon Lex V1 bot to the new bot.

          o UPDATE_EXISTING  - Overwrites the existing Amazon Lex V2 bot meta-
            data and the locale being migrated. It doesn't  change  any  other
            locales  in  the Amazon Lex V2 bot. If the locale doesn't exist, a
            new locale is created in the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

       migrationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the migration started.

       alerts -> (list)
          A list of alerts and warnings that indicate issues with  the  migra-
          tion for the Amazon Lex V1 bot to Amazon Lex V2. You receive a warn-
          ing when an Amazon Lex V1 feature has a different implementation  if
          Amazon Lex V2.

          For  more  information, see Migrating a bot in the Amazon Lex V2 de-
          veloper guide .

          (structure)
              Provides information about alerts and warnings that  Amazon  Lex
              sends  during  a migration. The alerts include information about
              how to resolve the issue.

              type -> (string)
                 The type of alert. There are two kinds of alerts:

                 o ERROR - There was an issue with the migration that can't be
                   resolved. The migration stops.

                 o WARN  - There was an issue with the migration that requires
                   manual changes to the new Amazon Lex V2 bot. The  migration
                   continues.

              message -> (string)
                 A message that describes why the alert was issued.

              details -> (list)
                 Additional details about the alert.

                 (string)

              referenceURLs -> (list)
                 A  link to the Amazon Lex documentation that describes how to
                 resolve the alert.

                 (string)



                                                               GET-MIGRATION()
