GET-BUILTIN-SLOT-TYPES()                              GET-BUILTIN-SLOT-TYPES()



NAME
       get-builtin-slot-types -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets a list of built-in slot types that meet the specified criteria.

       For a list of built-in slot types, see Slot Type Reference in the Alexa
       Skills Kit .

       This operation requires permission for the lex:GetBuiltInSlotTypes  ac-
       tion.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-builtin-slot-types is a paginated operation. Multiple API calls may
       be issued in order to retrieve the entire data set of results. You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: slotTypes

SYNOPSIS
            get-builtin-slot-types
          [--locale <value>]
          [--signature-contains <value>]
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --locale (string)
          A list of locales that the slot type supports.

          Possible values:

          o de-DE

          o en-AU

          o en-GB

          o en-IN

          o en-US

          o es-419

          o es-ES

          o es-US

          o fr-FR

          o fr-CA

          o it-IT

          o ja-JP

          o ko-KR

       --signature-contains (string)
          Substring to match in built-in slot type  signatures.  A  slot  type
          will be returned if any part of its signature matches the substring.
          For example, "xyz" matches both "xyzabc" and "abcxyz."

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --starting-token (string)
          A token to specify where to start paginating. This is the  NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does  not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a smaller page size results in more calls to the  AWS  service,  re-
          trieving  fewer  items  in  each call. This can help prevent the AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The  total number of items to return in the command's output. If the
          total number of items available is more than the value specified,  a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent  command. Do not use the NextToken response element directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       slotTypes -> (list)
          An array of BuiltInSlotTypeMetadata objects, one entry for each slot
          type returned.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a built in slot type.

              signature -> (string)
                 A unique identifier for the built-in slot type. To  find  the
                 signature  for  a  slot  type, see Slot Type Reference in the
                 Alexa Skills Kit .

              supportedLocales -> (list)
                 A list of target locales for the slot.

                 (string)

       nextToken -> (string)
          If the response is truncated, the response includes a pagination to-
          ken  that you can use in your next request to fetch the next page of
          slot types.



                                                      GET-BUILTIN-SLOT-TYPES()
