GET-BOT-VERSIONS()                                          GET-BOT-VERSIONS()



NAME
       get-bot-versions -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets information about all of the versions of a bot.

       The GetBotVersions operation returns a BotMetadata object for each ver-
       sion of a bot. For example, if a bot has three numbered  versions,  the
       GetBotVersions  operation  returns  four BotMetadata objects in the re-
       sponse, one for each numbered version and one for the $LATEST version.

       The GetBotVersions operation always returns at least one  version,  the
       $LATEST version.

       This operation requires permissions for the lex:GetBotVersions action.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

       get-bot-versions  is  a  paginated operation. Multiple API calls may be
       issued in order to retrieve the entire data set  of  results.  You  can
       disable pagination by providing the --no-paginate argument.  When using
       --output text and the --query argument on  a  paginated  response,  the
       --query  argument  must  extract data from the results of the following
       query expressions: bots

SYNOPSIS
            get-bot-versions
          --name <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--starting-token <value>]
          [--page-size <value>]
          [--max-items <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --name (string)
          The name of the bot for which versions should be returned.

       --cli-input-json (string) Performs service operation based on the  JSON
       string  provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments  are  provided  on  the  command
       line,  the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --starting-token (string)
          A  token to specify where to start paginating. This is the NextToken
          from a previously truncated response.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --page-size (integer)
          The  size of each page to get in the AWS service call. This does not
          affect the number of items returned in the command's output. Setting
          a  smaller  page  size results in more calls to the AWS service, re-
          trieving fewer items in each call. This can  help  prevent  the  AWS
          service calls from timing out.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --max-items (integer)
          The total number of items to return in the command's output. If  the
          total  number of items available is more than the value specified, a
          NextToken is provided in the command's output. To resume pagination,
          provide the NextToken value in the starting-token argument of a sub-
          sequent command. Do not use the NextToken response element  directly
          outside of the AWS CLI.

          For usage examples, see Pagination in the AWS Command Line Interface
          User Guide .

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       bots -> (list)
          An array of BotMetadata objects, one for each  numbered  version  of
          the bot plus one for the $LATEST version.

          (structure)
              Provides information about a bot. .

              name -> (string)
                 The name of the bot.

              description -> (string)
                 A description of the bot.

              status -> (string)
                 The status of the bot.

              lastUpdatedDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the bot was updated. When you create a bot, the
                 creation date and last updated date are the same.

              createdDate -> (timestamp)
                 The date that the bot was created.

              version -> (string)
                 The version of the bot. For a new bot, the version is  always
                 $LATEST .

       nextToken -> (string)
          A  pagination  token  for fetching the next page of bot versions. If
          the response to this call is truncated, Amazon Lex returns a pagina-
          tion  token  in  the  response.  To fetch the next page of versions,
          specify the pagination token in the next request.



                                                            GET-BOT-VERSIONS()
