LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()                              LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()



NAME
       list-tags-for-resource -

DESCRIPTION
       Gets  a list of tags associated with the specified resource. Only bots,
       bot aliases, and bot channels can have tags associated with them.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            list-tags-for-resource
          --resource-arn <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --resource-arn (string)
          The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource to get a list of tags
          for.

       --cli-input-json  |  --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments from the
       JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the  format  provided  by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line, those values will override the JSON-provided values.  It  is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally. This may  not  be  specified  along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton  (string)  Prints  a  JSON skeleton to standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample  input  YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml. If provided
       with the value output, it validates the command inputs  and  returns  a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       tags -> (list)
          The tags associated with a resource.

          (structure)
              A list of key/value pairs that identify a bot, bot alias, or bot
              channel. Tag keys and values can  consist  of  Unicode  letters,
              digits, white space, and any of the following symbols: _ . : / =
              + - @.

              key -> (string)
                 The key for the tag. Keys are not case-sensitive and must  be
                 unique.

              value -> (string)
                 The  value  associated  with a key. The value may be an empty
                 string but it can't be null.



                                                      LIST-TAGS-FOR-RESOURCE()
