START-MIGRATION()                                            START-MIGRATION()



NAME
       start-migration -

DESCRIPTION
       Starts  migrating  a  bot  from Amazon Lex V1 to Amazon Lex V2. Migrate
       your bot when you want to take advantage of the new features of  Amazon
       Lex V2.

       For  more  information, see Migrating a bot in the Amazon Lex developer
       guide .

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            start-migration
          --v1-bot-name <value>
          --v1-bot-version <value>
          --v2-bot-name <value>
          --v2-bot-role <value>
          --migration-strategy <value>
          [--cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --v1-bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex V1 bot that you are migrating  to  Amazon
          Lex V2.

       --v1-bot-version (string)
          The  version of the bot to migrate to Amazon Lex V2. You can migrate
          the $LATEST version as well as any numbered version.

       --v2-bot-name (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex V2 bot that you are migrating the  Amazon
          Lex V1 bot to.

          o If  the  Amazon  Lex  V2  bot doesn't exist, you must use the CRE-
            ATE_NEW migration strategy.

          o If the Amazon Lex V2 bot exists, you must use the  UPDATE_EXISTING
            migration  strategy  to  change  the contents of the Amazon Lex V2
            bot.

       --v2-bot-role (string)
          The IAM role that Amazon Lex uses to run the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

       --migration-strategy (string)
          The strategy used to conduct the migration.

          o CREATE_NEW - Creates a new Amazon Lex V2 bot and migrates the Ama-
            zon Lex V1 bot to the new bot.

          o UPDATE_EXISTING  - Overwrites the existing Amazon Lex V2 bot meta-
            data and the locale being migrated. It doesn't  change  any  other
            locales  in  the Amazon Lex V2 bot. If the locale doesn't exist, a
            new locale is created in the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

          Possible values:

          o CREATE_NEW

          o UPDATE_EXISTING

       --cli-input-json | --cli-input-yaml (string) Reads arguments  from  the
       JSON  string  provided.  The JSON string follows the format provided by
       --generate-cli-skeleton. If other arguments are provided on the command
       line,  those  values  will override the JSON-provided values. It is not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the  string  will  be  taken literally. This may not be specified along
       with --cli-input-yaml.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for --cli-input-json. Similarly, if provided yaml-input it will print a
       sample input YAML that can be used with --cli-input-yaml.  If  provided
       with  the  value  output, it validates the command inputs and returns a
       sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       v1BotName -> (string)
          The name of the Amazon Lex V1 bot that you are migrating  to  Amazon
          Lex V2.

       v1BotVersion -> (string)
          The version of the bot to migrate to Amazon Lex V2.

       v1BotLocale -> (string)
          The locale used for the Amazon Lex V1 bot.

       v2BotId -> (string)
          The unique identifier for the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

       v2BotRole -> (string)
          The IAM role that Amazon Lex uses to run the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

       migrationId -> (string)
          The unique identifier that Amazon Lex assigned to the migration.

       migrationStrategy -> (string)
          The strategy used to conduct the migration.

       migrationTimestamp -> (timestamp)
          The date and time that the migration started.



                                                             START-MIGRATION()
