GET-CAMPAIGN-STATE-BATCH()                          GET-CAMPAIGN-STATE-BATCH()



NAME
       get-campaign-state-batch -

DESCRIPTION
       Get state of campaigns for the specified Amazon Connect account.

       See also: AWS API Documentation

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

SYNOPSIS
            get-campaign-state-batch
          --campaign-ids <value>
          [--cli-input-json <value>]
          [--generate-cli-skeleton <value>]

OPTIONS
       --campaign-ids (list)
          List of CampaignId

          (string)
              Identifier representing a Campaign

       Syntax:

          "string" "string" ...

       --cli-input-json  (string) Performs service operation based on the JSON
       string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by  --gen-
       erate-cli-skeleton.  If  other  arguments  are  provided on the command
       line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values. It is  not
       possible to pass arbitrary binary values using a JSON-provided value as
       the string will be taken literally.

       --generate-cli-skeleton (string) Prints a  JSON  skeleton  to  standard
       output without sending an API request. If provided with no value or the
       value input, prints a sample input JSON that can be used as an argument
       for  --cli-input-json.  If provided with the value output, it validates
       the command inputs and returns a sample output JSON for that command.

       See 'aws help' for descriptions of global parameters.

OUTPUT
       failedRequests -> (list)
          List of failed requests of campaign state

          (structure)
              Failed response of campaign state

              campaignId -> (string)
                 Identifier representing a Campaign

              failureCode -> (string)
                 A predefined code indicating the error that caused the  fail-
                 ure in getting state of campaigns

       successfulRequests -> (list)
          List of successful response of campaign state

          (structure)
              Successful response of campaign state

              campaignId -> (string)
                 Identifier representing a Campaign

              state -> (string)
                 State of a campaign



                                                    GET-CAMPAIGN-STATE-BATCH()
